--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
NOKIA CORPORATION
(incorporated as a public limited liability company in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
_____________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central 
Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended or superseded (the "Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (as 
further described herein).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and have been listed on the Official List. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Euronext Dublin" (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Nokia Corporation (the "Issuer") has the following credit ratings assigned to it: "BBB-" by 
Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), "BB+" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and "Ba2" by Moody's Italia S.r.l. 
("Moody's"). The Programme has been rated "BBB-" by Fitch, "BB+" by S&P and "Ba2" by Moody's. Each of S&P and Moody's 
is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As 
such, S&P and Moody's are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. S&P and Moody's are not established in the United Kingdom but the ratings issued by S&P and Moody's 
have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited, respectively in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Fitch is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA but the ratings 
issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the relevant credit rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as the 
administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as the administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), whereas 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as the administrator of LIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as the 
administrator of STIBOR) are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (as the administrator of LIBOR) and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as the 
administrator of STIBOR) are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan 
6 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
i 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Nokia Corporation is a public limited liability company incorporated in the Republic of Finland. In this Base 
Prospectus, all references to "Nokia", "we", "us", "our" or "the Group" are to Nokia Corporation and its 
consolidated subsidiaries and generally to Nokia's Continuing operations, except where it is made clear that the 
term means Nokia Corporation or a particular subsidiary or business segment only or our Discontinued operations. 
"Continuing operations" refers to the Continuing operations following the acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent, the 
Sale of the HERE Business in 2015 and the Sale of the Devices & Services ("D&S") Business in 2014. 
"Discontinued operations" mainly refers to the divestment of our HERE business to an automotive consortium 
and the sale of substantially all of our Devices & Services business to Microsoft.  
References to Nokia's "shares", matters relating to Nokia's shares or matters of Nokia's corporate governance, 
refer to the shares and corporate governance of Nokia Corporation. All references to the "Issuer" are to Nokia 
Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "USD", "U.S. dollars", "$" or "dollars" are to United 
States dollars, references to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the lawful currency of the Member States that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union, references to "Sterling", "£" and "GBP" are to the currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to "Japanese Yen" and "JPY" are to the currency of Japan, and references to "Swiss Francs" 
and "CHF" are to the currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, "Sale of the HERE Business" refers to the transaction announced on 3 August 2015 and 
closed on 4 December 2015 where Nokia sold HERE, Nokia's digital mapping and location services business, to 
a German automotive industry consortium comprising AUDI AG, BMW Group and Daimler AG ("Consortium"). 
The HERE business was reported as discontinued operations from the third quarter of 2015 onwards. See 
"Description of Nokia — Discontinued Operations".  
The "Sale of the D&S Business" refers to our sale of substantially all of our Devices & Services business to 
Microsoft in a transaction that was completed on 25 April 2014.  
The "Acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent" refers to the completion of our acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent on 4 January 
2016.  
In 2020, Nokia had three reportable segments for financial reporting purposes: (1) Networks, (2) Nokia Software 
and (3) Nokia Technologies. Nokia's new operating model became effective on 1 January 2021, and the reportable 
segments changed accordingly to: (1) Mobile Networks, (2) Network Infrastructure, (3) Cloud and Network 
Services and (4) Nokia Technologies. Segment-level information for Group Common and Other is still being 
presented in our financial information, which comprises Radio Frequency Systems, which is managed as a 
separate entity, Nokia Bell Labs' operating expenses, as well as certain corporate-level and centrally managed 
operating expenses. 
Financial reporting structure
In 2020, Nokia had three reportable segments: (1) Networks, (2) Nokia Software and (3) Nokia Technologies. 
Nokia provided net sales disclosure for the following businesses within Networks reportable segment: (i) Mobile 
Access, (ii) Fixed Access, (iii) IP Routing and (iv) Optical Networks. On 29 October 2020, Nokia announced the 
first phase of its new strategy, outlining a new operating model designed to better position Nokia for changing 
markets and align with customer needs. On 1 January 2021, Nokia adopted the new operating model, which 
includes four reportable segments: (1) Mobile Networks, (2) Network Infrastructure, (3) Cloud and Network 
Services and (4) Nokia Technologies. The new operating model is optimised for better accountability and 
transparency, increased simplicity and improved cost-efficiency. In addition, Nokia will continue to disclose 
segment level information for Group Common and Other. 
Within the new Network Infrastructure reportable segment, Nokia intends to provide net sales disclosure for the 
following businesses: (i) Fixed Networks, (ii) IP Networks, (iii) Optical Networks and (iv) Submarine 
Networks.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
Nokia also intends to continue providing separate net sales disclosure for its different customer types: (1) 
Communication Service Providers, (2) Enterprises and (3) Licensees. Net sales by region are provided at the 
Nokia level.  
Changes from previous financial reporting structure to new financial reporting structure
The following seven product areas were reclassified into new reportable segments: 
(i) 
Network management was reclassified to Mobile Networks from Nokia Software; 
(ii) 
Submarine Networks was reclassified to Network Infrastructure from Group Common and Other; 
(iii) 
Packet Core was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services from Networks; 
(iv) 
Enterprise Solution Services was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services from Networks; 
(v) 
Managed Services was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services from Networks; 
(vi) 
Network Cognitive Services was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services from Networks; and 
(vii) Digital Automation and Analytics & IoT was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services from Group 
Common and Other. 
To summarise these changes, the new business groups will be comprised as follows: 
1.
Mobile Networks is now comprised of Mobile Access from our previous Networks reportable segment, 
plus the following reclassifications: 
(a) 
Into Mobile Networks: 

Network management (from Nokia Software). 
(b) 
Out of Mobile Access from our previous Networks reportable segment: 

Enterprise Solution Services (to Cloud and Network Services); 

Managed Services (to Cloud and Network Services); and 

Network Cognitive Services (to Cloud and Network Services). 
2.
Network Infrastructure is now comprised of Fixed Access, IP Routing, and Optical Networks from our 
previous Networks reportable segment, plus the following reclassifications: 
(a) 
Into Network Infrastructure: 

Submarine Networks (from Group Common and Other). 
(b) 
Out of IP Routing from our previous Networks reportable segment: 

Packet Core (to Cloud and Network Services). 
3.
Cloud and Network Services is now comprised of our previous Nokia Software business group, plus the 
following reclassifications: 
 (a) 
Into Cloud and Network Services: 

Packet Core (from Networks); 

Enterprise Solution Services (from Networks); 

Managed Services (from Networks);

--- Page 5 ---
iii 

Network Cognitive Services (from Networks); and 

Digital Automation and Analytics & IoT (from Group Common and Other). 
(b) 
Out of our previous Nokia Software business group: 

Network management (to Mobile Networks). 
4.
Group Common and Other continues to include Radio Frequency Systems (RFS), and the following product 
areas were reclassified into our new business groups: 

Submarine Networks was reclassified to Network Infrastructure; and 

Digital Automation and Analytics & IoT was reclassified to Cloud and Network Services.
Changes in Accounting Standards 
On 1 January 2019, Nokia adopted IFRS 16, Leases. In accordance with the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, 
Nokia has not restated prior year comparatives but has presented the cumulative effect of adopting such standard 
as transition adjustment to the opening balance of other comprehensive income and retained earnings as at 1 
January 2019. The nature of the new standard, impact of adoption on Nokia's consolidated financial statements 
and changes to Nokia's accounting policies resulting from the adoption are described in detail in Note 3, "New 
and amended standards and interpretations" in Nokia's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
twelve months ended 31 December 2019. Other amendments and interpretations that became effective on 1 
January 2019 did not have a material impact on Nokia's consolidated financial statements. 
On 1 January 2020, Nokia adopted the certain amendments to the accounting standards issued by the IASB and 
endorsed by the EU with no material impact on Nokia's consolidated financial statements: 
1.
Amendments to IFRS 3, Definition of a Business; 
2.
Amendments to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and IAS 39, Interest Rate; 
3.
Benchmark Reform; 
4.
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8, Definition of Material; and 
5.
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards. 
Nokia has not early adopted any new and amended standards and interpretations that have been issued but are not 
yet effective. The new and amended standards and interpretations issued by the IASB that are effective in future 
periods are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group when 
adopted. Nokia intends to adopt these new and amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they 
become effective and are endorsed by the EU. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Website
Our website is located at https://www.nokia.com/. We have included our website address as an inactive textual 
reference only. The contents of the website are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary indication appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision, as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as 
defined below) and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms are, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or the 
Managers, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank.  
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by 
that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") below as completed by a document specific to such Tranche of Notes called the 
final terms (each a "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche of Notes (each a 
"Drawdown Prospectus") (as described in "Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectuses and Supplements"). In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus 
to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context requires 
otherwise. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by Nokia or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by Nokia or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial performance or financial 
position of Nokia since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or 
any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued.

--- Page 7 ---
v 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the valuation methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") 
and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation, or inducement to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions 
of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Any person making or intending to make a public offer of Notes, or seek the admission of any Notes to trading, 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any person making or intending to make a public offer of Notes, or seek the admission of any Notes 
to trading in the UK may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(as the competent authority in the UK) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Save as provided above, none 
of the Issuer or any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any public offer of Notes, or any 
application for admission of any Notes to trading, in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with any offering of the Notes, the Dealers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will 
not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for 
providing advice in relation to any offering of the Notes.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS — If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: (i). a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS — If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market — The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM — In the United Kingdom, this 
document is for distribution only, and is only directed at persons who (i) have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Financial Promotion Order"), (ii) are persons falling within Article 
49(2)(a) to (d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Financial Promotion 
Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any 
securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together 
being referred to as "relevant persons"). This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted 
on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this 
document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time) (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or 
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of 
securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
NOTICE TO SWISS PERMITTED INVESTORS - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application 
has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. No key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has 
been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to private 
clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of the Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:   
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
It should be noted that Nokia and its businesses are exposed to various risks and uncertainties and certain 
statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
reflect Nokia's current expectations and views of future developments and include statements regarding:  

business strategies, market expansion, growth management, and future industry trends and megatrends 
and our plans to address them; 

future performance of our businesses and any future distributions and dividends; 

expectations and targets regarding financial performance, results, operating expenses, cash flows, taxes, 
currency exchange rates, hedging, cost savings and competitiveness, as well as results of operations 
including targeted synergies and those related to market share, prices, net sales, income and margins; 

expectations, plans, timelines or benefits related to changes in our organisational and operational 
structure; 

market developments in our current and future markets and their seasonality and cyclicality, including 
the communication service provider market, as well as general economic conditions, future regulatory 
developments and the expected timing and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses, our 
supply chain, our customers' businesses and the general market and economic conditions; 

our position in the market, including product portfolio and geographical reach, and our ability to use the 
same to develop the relevant business or market and maintain our order pipeline over time;  

any future collaboration or business collaboration agreements or patent license agreements or arbitration 
awards, including income from any collaboration or partnership, agreement or award; 

timing of the development and delivery of our products and services, including our short term and longer 
term expectations around the deployment of 5G and our ability to capitalise on such deployment as well 
as use our global installed base as the platform for success in 5G, and the overall readiness of the 5G 
ecosystem; 

the outcome of pending and threatened litigation, arbitration, disputes, regulatory proceedings or 
investigations by authorities; 

restructurings, investments, capital structure optimisation efforts, divestments and our ability to achieve 
the financial and operational targets set in connection with any such restructurings, investments, and 
capital structure optimisation efforts including our 2019-2020 cost savings programme;  

future capital expenditures, temporary incremental expenditures or other research and development 
("R&D") expenditures to develop or rollout new products, including 5G; and 

the sustainability and corporate responsibility contained in the sustainability and corporate responsibility 
section of the annual report included in the Issuer's annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 (incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus). 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond 
our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements are based 
on management's best assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to it and are subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to 
differ. These forward-looking statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and views of 
future events and developments and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict because they 
relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. Factors, including risks and uncertainties 
that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. 
Other unknown or unpredictable factors or underlying assumptions subsequently proven to be incorrect could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any 
obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future

--- Page 12 ---
x 
events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required, as well as or as described in more detail in the risk 
factors specified in the "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Certain Definitions and Presentation of Financial and Other Information ...................................................... i
Important Notices .......................................................................................................................................... iv
Forward-Looking Statements ........................................................................................................................ ix
Overview ........................................................................................................................................................ 2
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................... 6
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectuses and Supplements ............................................................................. 37
Information Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................ 38
Forms of the Notes ....................................................................................................................................... 40
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .............................................................................................................. 44
Form of Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................... 69
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form ........................................................... 78
Description of Nokia .................................................................................................................................... 82
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 104
Taxation ...................................................................................................................................................... 105
Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................................................. 107
General Information ................................................................................................................................... 112

--- Page 14 ---
2 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. 
The overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer:   ............................................  
Nokia Corporation, a limited liability company under the Finnish 
Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki, 624/2006, as amended). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier:   ........  
743700SNFX8L4ST32255. 
Risk Factors:   ..................................  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger:   .......................................  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. 
Dealers:   .........................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs International, J.P. Morgan AG and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
Fiscal Agent:   .................................  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent:   .......................  
J&E Davy. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus:   ....................................  
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (i) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or (ii) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading:   ......................  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems:   ..........................  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount:   ...........  
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series:   .........................  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of

--- Page 15 ---
3 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms 
in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes:   .............................  
Notes may be issued in bearer or in registered form. Each Tranche of Notes 
will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual 
Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note, which is not 
intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in 
the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. Each Global 
Registered Note intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will, on or about the relevant issue 
date, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms.   
Currencies:   ....................................  
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese Yen, 
Swiss Francs or in any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/ or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status of the Notes:   .......................  
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price:   ....................................  
Notes may be issued fully-paid at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities:   .....................................  
Any maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject, in relation to 
specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 16 ---
4 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Redemption:   ..................................  
Notes may be redeemable at the Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Optional Redemption:   ...................  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer as described in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole)) and/or the Noteholders as described in Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of Noteholders) to 
the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption:   ...........................  
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest:   ..........................................  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Denominations:   .............................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that (i) the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and (ii) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). See also "Maturities" above, in relation to Sterling Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year. 
Negative Pledge:   ...........................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Acceleration:   .......................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross acceleration provision as 
described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation:   .......................................  
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of withholding 
taxes of the Republic of Finland, as the case may be, unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect 
of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law:   .............................  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.

--- Page 17 ---
5 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form:   .............................................  
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 27 March 2020, a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Ratings:   .........................................  
The Issuer has been rated "BBB-" by Fitch, "BB+" by S&P and "Ba2" by 
Moody's. The Programme has been rated "BBB-" by Fitch, "BB+" by S&P 
and "Ba2" by Moody's. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Selling Restrictions:   ......................  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area, Japan and 
Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 18 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS 
Set forth below is a description of risk factors that could affect Nokia. The risk factors described below should not 
be construed as exhaustive. There may be additional risks that are unknown to us and other risks currently 
believed to be immaterial that could turn out to be material. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise 
provides, references in these risk factors to "Nokia", "we", "us" and "our" mean Nokia's consolidated operating 
segments, including Alcatel-Lucent. Certain risks or events as indicated may be more prevalent with respect to 
Nokia or a certain business group, business or part of the Group. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any 
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. We 
believe the risks presented below, either individually or together, could adversely affect our business, sales, 
profitability, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, market share, brand and reputation from time to 
time, which may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme.  
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks related to our business  
Risks related to our strategy and its execution 
We may be unable to successfully implement our strategic plans, the new operating model, sustain or improve the 
operational and financial performance of our business groups, correctly identify or successfully pursue business 
opportunities or otherwise grow our business.  
We operate in rapidly changing and innovative industries and the opportunities we pursue require significant 
investments in innovation in order to generate growth, profitability or other targeted benefits across our business. 
On 29 October 2020, we announced a new operating model that became effective on 1 January 2021 and on our 
Capital Markets Day on 18 March 2021, we announced our new strategy. The aim of our new operating model 
with four P&L responsible business groups is to better align with the needs of our customers, increase 
accountability, reduce complexity and improve cost-efficiency as well as to have a more rigorous approach to 
capital allocation and we will invest to win in those segments where we choose to compete. If we are unable to 
successfully implement the new operating model and achieve the goals set for it, this could have a material impact 
on our results of operations and financial condition, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations 
under the Notes. 
Our strategic plans, which include targeted investments in our business and pursuing new business opportunities 
based on identified trends and opportunities, even if successful, may not yield a return on our investment as 
planned or at all. There can be no assurance that we will correctly identify trends or opportunities to pursue or be 
able to achieve the goals or targets we have set. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our investments will 
result in technologies, products or services that achieve or retain broad or timely market acceptance, answer to the 
expanding needs or preferences of our customers or consumers, or break-through innovations that we could 
otherwise utilise for value creation. As an example, while we believe that the progress of cloudification and open 
RAN/openness creates an opportunity for us to differentiate with our products and to serve our customers better, 
it may lead to entry of new competitors with different business models and, on the long-term horizon, could 
attempt to disaggregate the hardware from the software to build multi-vendor RAN networks. The virtualisation 
of core and radio networks and the convergence of IT and telecommunications may lower barriers of entry for IT 
and webscale companies in the traditional telecommunications industry or they may build up tight strategic 
partnerships with our traditional competitors or our communication service provider customers. The enhanced 
competition might result in increased price competition and negatively affect our margins. Virtualisation and 
disaggregation might also affect other parts of our portfolio and lead to changes in competitive landscape, business 
models and margin profile. The materialisation of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects which, in turn, can affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes, including payment of interest or principal.  
We target on a continuous basis various improvements in our operations and efficiencies through investing in 
R&D, entering into licensing arrangements, acquiring businesses and technologies, recruiting expert employees

--- Page 19 ---
7 
and partnering with third parties or forming joint ventures. There can be no assurance that our efforts will generate 
the expected results or improvements in our operations or that we will achieve our intended targets or financial 
objectives related to such efforts. For instance, the underlying business case in terms of profits, revenue, strategic 
impact or otherwise justifying the creation or continuation of the arrangement may not be realised. If these risks 
materialise (i.e. if our efforts do not generate the expected results or improvements in our operations, if we do not 
achieve our intended targets or financial objectives or if business cases are not realised) our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to 
fulfil our obligations under the Notes.
We may be unable to successfully implement planned transactions or transactions may result in liabilities.  
From time to time, as part of our strategy, we may consider and engage in possible transactions, such as 
acquisitions, divestments, mergers, joint ventures or minority investments that could complement our existing 
operations and enable us to grow our business or shift focus via divestitures of our existing businesses or 
operations. We may engage in further transactions, such as acquisitions, divestments, mergers, joint ventures or 
minority investments in the future. Additionally, we may make investments through certain investment funds, 
including NGP Capital, that invest in other companies.  
The transactions that we initiate may not ultimately be completed on favourable terms or at all or provide the 
benefits or return on investment that we had originally anticipated. After reaching an agreement for a transaction, 
we may need to satisfy pre-closing conditions on acceptable terms, which may prevent us from completing the 
transaction or result in changes to the scope of the transaction. Furthermore, our initial assumptions may be 
incorrect in evaluating a transaction. Therefore, we may be exposed to unknown, larger or contingent liabilities 
of acquired businesses, such as those related to contractual obligations, taxes, pensions, environmental liabilities, 
disputes and compliance matters. Transactions may result in claims between the parties, (including, but not limited 
to, any indemnification or breach of contract claims), which can consume time and management attention, and 
the outcome of any claims related to transactions may be difficult to predict.  
Additionally, there are multiple other events or conditions that can hamper or delay a transaction or impact our 
ability to realise value from the transaction, including; 

unanticipated delays or inability to proceed with transactions as planned, for instance, due to issues in 
obtaining regulatory or shareholder approvals, completing public offers or proposals, the imposition of 
conditions on the acquirer of a business to divest certain assets or impose other obligations due to 
competition laws or other regulations; 

unanticipated costs or changes in scope, for instance, due to issues with regulators or courts imposing terms 
on a transaction or obstacles that result in changes required in the scope of the transaction;  

the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers;  

unanticipated changes in business, industry or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions 
underlying the acquisition;  

impairments related to goodwill and other intangible assets, for instance, due to business performance after 
an acquisition or differences in evaluating the goodwill with respect to the acquired businesses; 

unexpected costs associated with the integration or the separation of the business as applicable;  

additional payment obligations and higher costs resulting from non-performance by divested businesses;  

exposure to contingent liabilities in connection with any regulatory compliance failures relating to divested 
products or any indemnity we provide to the purchaser in connection with such divestment;  

our dependence on some of the divested businesses as our suppliers in the future; and  

high transaction costs.  
If we are unable to successfully implement or extract value from planned transactions, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to 
fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
8 
We may be unable to realise the anticipated benefits, synergies, cost savings or efficiencies from acquisitions, and 
we may encounter issues or inefficiencies related to our organisational and operational structure, including being 
unable to successfully implement our business plans. 
The level of effort required for successful integration of acquired businesses or assets depends on the complexity 
of the acquired business or asset. There can be no assurance that we will be able to realise the intended 
organisational and operational benefits and potentially targeted cost savings related to our business plans in the 
manner or within the timeframe currently anticipated. The risks and uncertainties related to the integration include, 
among others, the distraction of our management's attention from our business resulting in performance shortfalls, 
the disruption of our ongoing business, interference with our ability to maintain our relationships with customers, 
vendors, regulators and employees and inconsistencies in our services, standards, quality, product road maps, 
controls, procedures and policies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes, whether 
related to payments or otherwise. 
These failures could be triggered, among others, by the following factors impacting the integration process and 
operations:  

adverse contractual issues with respect to various agreements with third parties, employment agreements, 
or pension and other post-employment benefits-related funding or liability issues; 

our failure to identify issues and liabilities at the target business or assets during the due diligence and pre-
acquisition process; 

disruptions caused, for instance, by reorganisations, which may result in inefficiency within the new 
organisation through loss of key employees or delays in implementing our intended structural changes, 
among other issues; 

inability to rationalise or streamline our organisation or product lines/services or to retire legacy products 
and related services as a result of pre-existing customer commitments; 

loss of, or lower volume of, business from key customers, or the inability to renew agreements with existing 
customers or establish new customer relationships, including limitations linked to customer policies with 
respect to aggregate vendor share or supplier diversity policies or increased efforts from competitors 
aiming to capitalise on disruptions; 

conditions and burdens imposed by laws, regulators or industry standards on our business or adverse 
regulatory or industry developments or litigation affecting us; 

issues relating to fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, improper accounting 
policies, improper internal control or other improper activities; 

challenges relating to the consolidation or ongoing integration of corporate, financial data and reporting, 
control and administrative functions; 

the coordination of R&D, marketing and other support functions of the combined business may fail or 
cause inefficiencies or other administrative burdens caused by operating the combined business; and 

our inability to eliminate the complexity of our corporate structure following the acquisition. 
Additionally, the anticipated cost reductions and other benefits expected to arise from the acquisitions and 
integration of businesses, as well as related costs to implement such measures, are derived from our estimates, 
which are uncertain. The underlying assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to a variety of significant 
business, economic, and competitive factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those contained in the expected synergy benefits and related cost estimates. Any deviations 
between such estimations and our expectations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes.  
As previously disclosed, we were made aware of certain practices relating to compliance practices at the former 
Alcatel-Lucent business that have raised concerns. We voluntarily reported the matter to the relevant regulatory

--- Page 21 ---
9 
authorities and we continue to cooperate with them. We have seen no evidence that would suggest that criminal 
penalties would apply in this case, and we believe it is highly likely that any penalties that might apply would be 
limited and immaterial. 
Risks related to the general economic and financial market conditions and the industries and markets in which 
we operate  
We may be materially and adversely affected by general economic and financial market conditions and other 
developments in the economies where we operate.  
As we are a company with global operations and sales in many countries around the world, our sales and 
profitability are dependent on general economic and financial market conditions both globally and locally. We 
have manufacturing facilities and suppliers located in various countries around the world that may equally be 
impacted by these conditions. Adverse developments in, or the general weakness of, economic conditions, such 
as unemployment or consumer spending, may have an adverse impact on the spending patterns of end-users. This, 
in turn, may affect demand for consumables, such as mobile devices, mobile subscriptions and related services 
which would have an adverse effect on Nokia Technologies. In our Networks and Nokia Software segments, this 
may also affect both the services that end-users subscribe to and the usage levels of such services, which may lead 
service providers to invest less in related infrastructure and services or to invest in low-margin products and 
services. Likewise, adverse developments in economic conditions may lead certain customer segments, such as 
webscale companies, Technological Extra-Large Enterprises ("TXLE"), transportation, energy and public safety, 
to invest less or delay spend in infrastructure and services to digitise their operations or to invest in low-margin 
products and services. Negative market developments affecting our customers (including our licensees) and their 
end-users may also be caused by other adverse conditions such as natural or man-made disasters, geopolitical 
disruptions, civil unrest or health crises.  
General uncertainty and adverse developments in the financial markets and the general economy could have a 
material adverse effect on our or our partners' or suppliers' ability to obtain sufficient or affordable financing on 
satisfying terms, having in turn an adverse effect on our ability to deliver our products and services in time and 
with acceptable quality. Uncertain market conditions may increase the price of financing or decrease its 
availability. We or our suppliers could also encounter difficulties in raising funds or accessing liquidity necessary 
to maintain financial condition and results of operations.   
If the risks described above related to general economic and financial market conditions materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our 
ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Depending on the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and disruptiveness of the related measures to contain the 
virus, the pandemic could have further adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition.
The impact of COVID-19 on our operations in 2020 was primarily related to temporary factory closures in the 
first half of the year. Although we believe that our industry is relatively resilient to the effects of COVID-19, 
customer demand and/or our capacity to meet customer demand could be further impacted in the future. The 
measures taken by the governmental authorities have adversely affected and/or may further adversely affect our 
employees, supply chain, product development, service delivery and other operations. Any of such events could 
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, which, in turn, may affect our 
ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. The impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and 
financial markets has also adversely affected and/or may further adversely affect the value of our financial, tax, 
pension and other assets. In addition, the spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices 
(including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, 
events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or 
determined by us to be necessary to protect our employees.  
We recognise that this pandemic has significantly increased the number of employees and suppliers working from 
home or remotely, which inherently raises the vulnerability of IT security environment. As a result, we have 
adapted our IT security training, processes and tools accordingly. There is no certainty that the measures we or 
the governments take will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 virus. The continued spread 
of COVID-19 could cause further disruption or delays in our operations and/or the operations of our suppliers, 
partners, customers and/or licensees. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic affects Nokia's operations, 
results, assets and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot 
be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak (including mutations into new

--- Page 22 ---
10 
strains), its severity, locations impacted, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact (including the roll out 
and effectiveness of vaccines), and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions 
can resume. For instance, despite the upcoming 5G cycle of investments, the severity and length of the COVID-
19 pandemic might result in a net decline of our key markets and cause delay of private wireless investments from 
large enterprises. This may in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to 
pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
We face intense competition and are dependent on development of the industries and markets in which we operate. 
The information technology and communications industries and related services market are cyclical and are 
affected by many factors, including the general economic environment, technological changes, competitor 
behaviour, customer consolidation, purchase and spending behaviour of service providers and vertical customers, 
consumers and businesses, deployments and roll-out timing. Our competition and new competition challenging 
the connectivity business models of our customers are driving price erosion. 
The competitive environment in the markets where we operate, including the information technology and 
communications and related services market in numerous markets around the world, continues to be intense and 
is characterised by maturing industry technologies, 5G and related new technologies, equipment price erosion and 
aggressive price competition. For instance, we are particularly dependent on the investments made by service 
providers in network infrastructure and related services. The pace and size of such investments are in turn 
dependent on the ability of service providers to increase their subscriber numbers, reduce churn, maintain or 
increase their average revenue per user, and compete with business models eroding revenue from traditional voice, 
messaging and data transport services, as well as the financial condition of such service providers. Further, the 
purchasing power of our customers, particularly in developing markets, depends to a greater extent on the price 
development of basic commodities and currency fluctuations, which may render our products or services 
unaffordable. If the risks set out in this paragraph materialise (i.e. risks in connection with the competitive 
environment, the network infrastructure-related investments made by the service providers, the ability of such 
service providers to increase their users or our customers' purchasing power), our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our 
payment obligations under the Notes.  
We continue to face intense competition, including from companies based in China, that endeavour to gain market 
share in selected regions where Nokia has a large footprint. Despite exponential growth in mobile data traffic, 
most of our customer base has been facing persistent revenue erosion and is reverting to vendors to compensate 
for it. Competition for new customers, as well as for new infrastructure deployment, is particularly intense and 
focused on the favourability of price and agreement terms. We compete with companies that have large overall 
scale, which affords such companies more flexibility compared with us. In addition, new competition may be 
entering the network infrastructure and related services business through new technologies (such as virtualised 
RAN and O-RAN) or business models (such as products/services as-a-service models). 
Service providers' cost reductions and network sharing, and industry consolidation among operators have reduced 
the amount of available business, resulting in further competition and pressure on pricing and profitability. 
Consolidation of operators may result in vendors and service providers concentrating their business in certain 
service providers and increasing the possibility that agreements with us are terminated or not renewed. Merger 
activity between our customers has in the past constricted and may continue to constrict such customers' capital 
expenditure. Factors such as increased competition and market pressure as well as industry consolidation could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. In addition, the investments of the service providers 
in the new spectrum assets may reduce their funds available for investing in the new network infrastructure and 
related services. Furthermore, the level of demand by service providers and other customers that purchase our 
products and services can change quickly and can vary over short periods of time. In addition, a portion of our 
revenues is driven by the timing of completion and customer acceptances, which particularly in relation to 5G are 
further dependent on maturity of the whole 5G ecosystem. Significant reduction of business with us could result 
in the loss of benefits related to economies of scale. These uncertainties and variations in the telecommunications 
and vertical industries can make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues, results and cash flow and could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
11 
We may be unable to respond successfully to technological challenges in the markets in which we operate. 
Market developments favouring new technological solutions, such as Software Defined Networks ("SDNs"), 
cloud and virtualisation may result in reduced spending for the benefit of our competitors who have, or may have, 
a stronger position in such technologies. The technological viability of standardised, low-margin hardware 
products in combination with the virtualisation of functions can induce a change in purchase behaviour, resulting 
in favouring other vendors or in higher bargaining power versus Nokia due to more alternative vendors. Our 
customers may prefer best-of-breed from multiple vendors or turn to alternative vendors to maintain end-to-end 
services. Additionally, new competitors may enter the industry as a result of acquisitions or shifts in technology. 
Furthermore, some companies, including webscale companies, may drive a faster pace of innovation in 
telecommunication infrastructure through more collaborative approaches and open technologies across access, 
backhaul, core and management.  
We expect to generate a significant share of our growth from new customers, including webscale companies and 
vertical customers in energy, transport, public sector, manufacturing and TXLEs. Each of these sectors may face 
adverse industry developments which may significantly impact the size of investments addressable by us and our 
ability to address these investments, in terms of both having the right products available and being able to attain 
new customers and having the right go-to-market capabilities and expertise to address the specific needs of these 
sectors. Furthermore, there are various incumbent and new players competing with Nokia in these customer groups 
we strategically target. With these types of customers, the nature of competition and the required capabilities can 
be significantly different from the communication service provider market, including competition based on access 
network, core network, cloud infrastructure, platforms, applications and devices, and related services.  
If the risks described above materialise and we are unable to respond successfully to technological and competitive 
challenges in the markets in which we operate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects may be adversely affected which, in turn, may affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under 
the Notes. 
We may be adversely affected by developments with respect to customer financing or extended payment terms that 
we provide to our customers. Unwillingness of banks or other institutions to provide guarantees or financing to 
our customers or purchase our receivables could impair our capability to attract customers or to enter new 
markets, mitigate payment risk and to manage our liquidity. 
Requests for customer financing and extended payment terms are typical for our industry and uncertainty in the 
financial markets may, among other things, result in increased customer financing requests.  
As a strategic marketing requirement, we arrange and facilitate financing or provide extended payment terms to a 
number of our customers, typically supported by export credit agencies or through the sale of related deferred 
receivables. In certain cases, the amounts and duration of these financings and trade credits, and the associated 
impact on our working capital, may be significant. Furthermore, reduced availability of export credits supporting 
our sales could affect our ability to attract customers and enter new markets thus facing the possibility of reduced 
sales. 
In the event that export credit agencies face future constraints on their ability or willingness to provide guarantees 
or financing to our customers, or there is insufficient demand from banks or other financial institutions to purchase 
receivables, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have 
agreed to extended payment terms for a number of our customers, and may continue to do so in the future. 
Extended payment terms may result in a material aggregate amount of trade credits. Even when the associated 
risk is mitigated by a diversified customer portfolio, defaults in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our 
payment obligations under the Notes.  
Our ability to manage our total customer financing and trade credit exposure depends on a number of factors, 
including capital structure, market conditions affecting our customers, the levels and terms of credit available to 
us and our customers, the cooperation of export credit agencies and our ability to mitigate exposure on acceptable 
terms. We may be unsuccessful in managing the challenges associated with the customer financing and trade 
credit exposure that we may face from time to time, particularly in difficult financial conditions on the market. 
While defaults under financings, guarantees and trade credits to our customers resulting in impairment charges 
and credit losses have not been significant for us in the past, these may increase in the future, in particular in 
markets such as India with increased risks potentially affecting our customers. Further, commercial banks may 
not continue to be able or willing to provide sufficient long-term financing, even if backed by export credit agency

--- Page 24 ---
12 
guarantees, due to their own constraints. Additionally, certain of our competitors may have greater access to 
arranging such financing, which could adversely affect our ability to compete in similar manner for business 
opportunities in the markets in which we operate. If we are unable to successfully manage our customer financing 
and do not meet our clients' expectations or our competitors' offer in connection with customer financing, both 
our and our customer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely 
affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We have sold certain receivables to banks or other financial institutions to mitigate the payment risk and improve 
our liquidity, and any significant change in our ability to continue this practice could impair our capability to 
mitigate such payment risk and to manage our liquidity. 
Nokia arranges bank guarantees and issues commercial guarantees in customers' favour in relation to our business. 
We may not be able to collect outstanding guarantees and bonds that could limit our possibilities to issue new 
guarantees and/or bonds, which are required in customer agreements or practices. We also face risks that such 
commercial guarantees and bonds may be unfairly called. 
We are dependent on a limited number of customers and large multi-year agreements. The loss of a single 
customer or contract, operator consolidation, unfavourable contract terms or other issues related to a single 
agreement may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
A significant proportion of the net sales and profits that we generate have historically been derived from a limited 
number of customers. As consolidation among existing customers continues, it is possible that an even greater 
portion of our net sales will be attributable to a smaller number of large service providers operating in multiple 
markets. These developments are also likely to increase the impact on our net sales based on the outcome of 
certain individual agreement tenders. This may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our 
obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Service providers are increasingly entering into network sharing arrangements, as well as joint procurement 
agreements, which may reduce their investments and the number of networks available for us to service. 
Furthermore, procurement organisations of certain large service providers sell consulting services to enhance the 
negotiating position of small operators with their vendors. As a result of these trends and the intense competition 
in the industry, we may be required to agree to increasingly less favourable terms in order to remain competitive. 
Any unfavourable developments in relation to, or any change in the agreement terms applicable to, a major 
customer may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition which, 
in turn, may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes (including payment obligations). Also, due 
to the long-term nature of the agreements, it is possible that the contract terms of the agreement may prove less 
favourable to us than originally expected, for instance due to changes in costs and product portfolio decisions. 
Furthermore, in particular given the bargaining power of our customers or limited legal ability to deviate from the 
standard governmental contract terms, we may be exposed to onerous terms and liabilities in our customer 
contracts. 
During 2020, we have experienced market share loss with one large North American customer. The loss of a 
single customer or contract, or other issues related to a single agreement may have a material adverse effect on 
our business and financial condition. Any suspension, termination or non-performance by us under an agreement's 
terms may have a material adverse effect on us, for example due to penalties for breaches, early termination or, 
reduced orders or customer footprint. In addition, we may lose existing agreements, or we may be unable to renew 
or gain new agreements, for instance due to customer diversity policies that limit the ability of customers to have 
one network provider exceeding a certain threshold of business in a given market. If further loss of customer 
contracts or contractual issues were to materialise, this may, in turn, have an adverse effect on our ability to fulfil 
our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Agreements in the networks infrastructure business are typically complex and long-term in nature and over time 
the contracts may turn commercially less successful than anticipated. The timing of sales and results of operations 
associated with large multi-year agreements or turnkey projects may differ from expectations. For instance, 
recognition of sales and related costs in network implementation projects is often linked with achievement of 
customer acceptances, which may delay for reasons contributable or not contributable to us. Moreover, such 
agreements often require dedication of substantial amounts of working capital and other resources, which may 
adversely affect our cash flow, particularly in the early stages of an agreement's term, or may require us to continue 
to sell certain products and services, or to sell in certain markets, that would otherwise be discontinued or exited, 
thereby diverting resources from developing more profitable or strategically important products and services, or

--- Page 25 ---
13 
focusing on more profitable or strategically important markets. Furthermore, our customer agreements may 
involve complex transformation of the networks as the customers deploy new technologies and the related costs 
and scope of required deliverables may differ from our expectations at the time we enter into such agreements. If 
the risks set out in this paragraph materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
may be adversely affected which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Risks impacting our competitiveness 
We may fail to effectively and profitably invest in new competitive high-quality products, services, upgrades and 
technologies or bring them to market in a timely manner. We also may fail to adapt to changing business models. 
Our business and the markets where we operate are characterised by rapidly evolving technologies, frequent new 
technological requirements, product feature introductions and evolving industry standards. The participants in the 
information technology, communications and related services market compete on the basis of product offerings, 
technical capabilities and quality in addition to price and affordability through consumer financing arrangements. 
As a result, our business performance depends on the timely and successful introduction of new products, services 
and upgrades of current products to meet the evolving requirements of customers, comply with emerging industry 
standards and address competing technological and product developments carried out by competitors while 
keeping prices and costs at competitive levels.  
The R&D of new and innovative, technologically advanced products, as well as upgrades to current products and 
new generations of technologies, is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and 
investment, in addition to accurate anticipation of technological, regulatory and market trends. We may focus our 
resources on products and technologies that do not become widely accepted or ultimately prove unviable. 
Additionally, many of our current and planned products are highly complex and may contain defects or errors that 
are, for instance, detected only after deployment in telecommunications networks. Any materially adverse effect 
on our ability to innovate could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, 
in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and 
principal on the Notes. Our results of operations will depend to a significant extent on our ability to succeed in 
the following areas: 

maintaining and developing a competitive product portfolio and service capability that are attractive to our 
customers, for instance by keeping pace with technological advances in our industry and pursuing the 
technologies that become commercially accepted and price competitive;  

continuing to introduce new products and product upgrades successfully and on a cost-efficient and timely 
basis;  

developing new or enhancing existing tools for our services offerings;  

optimising the amount of customer or market specific technology, product and feature variants in our 
product portfolio;  

continuing to meet expectations and enhance the quality of our products and services as well as introducing 
products and services that have desired features and attributes, such as energy efficiency;  

maintaining and building up strategic partnerships in our value creation chain (e.g. in product creation and 
in project delivery); and 

leveraging our technological strengths.  
Certain of our competitors have significant resources to invest in market exploration and may seek new 
monetisation models or drive industry development and capture value in areas where we may not currently be 
competitive or do not have similar resources available to us. These areas may include monetisation models linked 
to large amounts of consumer data, large connected communities, home or other entertainment services, 
alternative payment mechanisms or marketing products. We also face competition from various companies that 
may be able to develop technologies or products that become preferred over those developed by us or result in 
adverse effects on us through, for instance, developing technological innovations that make our innovations less 
relevant. In addition, reduced government funding and support for our R&D activities could affect our ability to

--- Page 26 ---
14 
develop new technology or products and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects and our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We must invest effectively and profitably in new competitive products, services, upgrades or technologies (such 
as 5G, the Internet of Things ("IoT"), the cloud or software) and manage proactively the costs related to our 
portfolio of products and services (including component sourcing, manufacturing, logistics and other operations). 
However, we may still fail to maintain or improve our market position, competitiveness or scale, or we may fail 
to leverage our scale to the fullest extent and keep prices and costs at competitive levels or provide high-quality 
products and services. 
We may encounter difficulties and challenges in the development of 5G technology and the roll-out and 
commercialisation of 5G services.  
One of our primary operational objectives is the roll-out of our 5G networks. Our 5G-related R&D efforts as well 
as product roll-outs require us to devote financial and operational resources, and we expect to continue to make 
substantial investments in 5G and 5G-related technology. However, the 5G roll-out and commercialisation has 
not and may not develop in the manner or in the time periods we anticipate. The acceleration of the 5G roll-out 
and commercialisation requires us and our partners to accelerate the related R&D, manufacturing and supply chain 
efforts which have and may risk our readiness to meet the timelines of our customers. Further, competitive 
intensity remains high in the market as competitors seek to take share in the early stage of 5G which is creating a 
risk of persistent high price erosion in the industry. If domestic and global economic conditions worsen, overall 
spending on 5G infrastructure may be reduced or delayed, and spending in our other networks products and 
services might be even more rapidly reduced to preserve the customer investment in 5G, which would adversely 
impact demand for our products and services in these markets. If we fail to implement our 5G infrastructure in the 
manner or timing expected by the market, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
may be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Even if the 5G infrastructure market develops in the manner or in the time periods we anticipate, if we do not have 
timely, competitively priced, market-accepted products available to meet our customers' planned roll-out of 5G 
networks, or if we have products below expected performance in the commercial networks, we may miss 
significant opportunities or, in the worst case, lose already awarded business. We have faced and may face 
challenges with respect to the R&D roadmaps, system-on-chip ("SoC") chipset development and cost 
competitiveness of our 5G products and our actions and investments to accelerate those roadmaps and improve 
our cost competitiveness to address those challenges may prove to be insufficient. Further, any reduction in our 
market share in 5G compared with our installed base in 4G due to decisions to protect our profitability, inability 
to meet the customers' requirements or other reasons, may have a material negative effect on our scale and 
profitability and, in turn, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. This could 
adversely affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Our efforts aimed at managing and improving our competitiveness, financial or operational performance may not 
lead to targeted results, benefits, cost savings or improvements.  
We are continuously targeting increased efficiency of our operations. For instance, we have recently completed 
our operating cost and production overheads savings programme and have announced changes to our operating 
model (effective as of 1 January 2021) aiming at better accountability and transparency, reduction of complexity 
and further improving cost-efficiency. Failure by us to determine the appropriate prioritisation of operating 
expenses and other costs, to identify and implement the appropriate measures to improve cost-efficiency, increase 
simplicity or to adjust our operating expenses and other costs on timely basis, or to maintain achieved efficiency 
levels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may, 
in the ordinary course of business, institute new plans for restructuring measures or implement various 
programmes aimed at improving cost savings and financial performance. Such measures may be costly, potentially 
disruptive to operations, and may not lead to sustainable improvements in our overall competitiveness and 
profitability and there can be no assurance that such measures will be met as planned in contemplated timeframes 
or at all. Our plans may be altered in the future, including adjusting any projected financial or other targets. The 
anticipated costs or the level of disruption expected from implementing such plans or restructurings may be higher 
than expected. Efforts to plan and implement cost-saving initiatives may divert management attention from the 
rest of the business and adversely affect our business. The materialisation of these risks could adversely affect our 
business, financial condition, operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
15 
There are also several other factors that may prevent or delay a successful implementation of any cost-saving 
initiatives, including, among others, the following:  

need to make additional investments in other areas such as 5G and automation/digitalisation of our 
operations; 

changes in the general economic conditions, whether globally, nationally or in the markets in which we 
operate, or inaccuracy in our expectations with respect to market growth, customer demand and other 
trends; 

legislative constraints or unfavourable changes in legislation in the markets in which we operate may 
influence timing, costs and expected savings of certain initiatives contemplated; 

our ability to swap equipment of certain customers in line with our future product lines development and 
to secure continued business from such customers; 

our ability to align and adjust resources, systems and tools, including digitalisation and automation related 
to implementation of planned organisational changes;  

our cost-saving initiatives, including R&D, may negatively affect our ability to develop new or improve 
existing products and compete effectively in certain markets, and there is no guarantee that we will continue 
to be able to successfully innovate or remain technologically competitive;  

intended business plans may require us to inform or consult with employees and labour representatives, 
and such processes may influence the timing, costs and extent of expected savings and the feasibility of 
certain of the initiatives contemplated; and 

bargaining power of our suppliers may prevent us from achieving targeted procurement savings. 
If we are unable to effectively manage our operating expenses and to achieve our costs savings targets, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and 
principal on the Notes. 
Risks associated with intellectual property rights, technology and brand licensing 
Our patent licensing income and other intellectual property-related revenues are subject to risks and uncertainties 
such as our ability to maintain our existing sources of intellectual property-related revenue, establish new sources 
of revenue and protect our intellectual property from infringement. A proportionally significant share of the 
current patent licensing income is generated from the smartphone market which is rapidly changing and features 
a limited number of large vendors.  
The continued strength of our intellectually property portfolios depends on our ability to create new relevant 
technologies, products and services through our R&D activities and to protect our intellectual property rights 
("IPRs"). If those technologies, products and services do not become relevant, and therefore attractive to licensees, 
the strength of our intellectual property portfolios could be reduced, which could adversely affect our ability to 
use our intellectual property portfolios for revenue generation and thus, our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. This could, in turn. affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes.   
Despite the steps that we have taken to protect our technology investments with IPRs, we cannot be certain that 
any rights or pending applications will be granted or that the rights granted in connection with any future patents 
or other IPRs will be sufficiently broad to protect our innovations and maintain the relative strength of our 
portfolio. Third parties may infringe our intellectual property relating to our proprietary technologies or disregard 
their obligation to seek necessary licenses under our patents or seek to pay less than reasonable license fees. As a 
result, we may be unable to continue to develop or protect our intellectual property-related revenue or establish 
new sources of revenue and such inability could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Nokia Technologies business group's sales and profits are currently largely derived from patent licensing. Our 
ability to protect and monetise our intellectual property may depend on regulatory and other developments in 
various jurisdictions with respect to protection awarded to technology innovations or compensation trends with

--- Page 28 ---
16 
respect to licensing and the actions or implementation of the regulations by administrative bodies. Any patents or 
other IPRs may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any right granted under our patents may not 
provide competitive advantages for us. Our ability to protect, license or divest our patented innovations may vary 
by region. In the technology sector generally, certain licensees are actively avoiding license payments, while some 
licensors are using aggressive methods to collect license payments, with both behaviours attracting regulatory 
attention. Authorities in various countries have increasingly monitored patent monetisation and may aim to 
influence the terms on which patent licensing arrangements or patent divestments may be executed, which could 
compromise control over or protection of our technology and proprietary information. Such terms may be limited 
to a certain country or region; however, authorities could potentially seek to widen the scope and even impose 
global terms, potentially resulting in an adverse effect on us or limiting our ability to monetise our patent 
portfolios. If these risks related to IPRs protection, monetisation and regulation materialise, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
Notes. 
Patent licensing income may be adversely affected by general economic conditions or adverse market 
developments. Their impact is particularly relevant in the current climate, influenced heavily by COVID-19 and 
its effects on the world markets. For example, our patent licensing business may be adversely affected if a 
licensee's ability to pay is reduced or it becomes insolvent or bankrupt. Additionally, poor performance of potential 
or current licensees may limit a licensee's motivation to seek new or renew existing licensing arrangements with 
us. In certain cases, patent licensing income is dependent on the sales of the licensee, where the reduced sales of 
the licensee have a direct effect on the patent licensing income received by the Nokia Technologies business 
group. Furthermore, patent license agreements can cover both licensees' past and future sales, and the portion of 
the income that relates to licensees' past sales is not expected to have a recurring benefit and ongoing patent 
income from licensing is generally subject to various factors (for instance, sales by the licensees) that we have 
little or no control over, and it can vary considerably from time to time based on factors such as the terms of 
agreements we enter into with licensees, and there is no assurance that past levels are indicative of future levels 
of intellectual property-related revenue.  
While we seek to renew existing license agreements and negotiate new license agreements in the industries where 
we have established licensing programmes, we also seek to expand the scope of our licensing activities to other 
industries, in particular those that implement mobile communication technologies. The players in some of these 
industries may not have traditionally paid intellectual property-related royalties, which may hamper the expansion 
of our licensing activities. Entering new segments may involve litigation, while entering highly fragmented 
markets or markets with high volume of licensees may affect our effectiveness and/or profitability. 
We retained our patent portfolio after the sale of Devices & Services business in 2014. Following the sale of 
Devices & Services business, Nokia Technologies is no longer required to agree cross-licenses to cover its handset 
business, which has contributed to growing our licensing revenue. While this has been our practice, there can be 
no guarantee that this can be continued in future. Also, in the past, parts of our intellectual property development 
were driven by innovation from the Devices & Services business. As we no longer own this business, our future 
intellectual property relating to the mobile phone sector may lessen and our ability to influence industry trends 
and technology selections may reduce.  
We also enter into business agreements separately by our business groups, which may grant certain licenses to 
our patents. Some of these agreements may inadvertently grant licenses to our patents with a broader scope than 
intended, or they may otherwise make the enforcement of our patents more difficult. If these risks related to our 
patent licensing activity materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could 
be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
To enforce our intellectual property rights against unlawful infringement, we may engage in legal actions, the 
outcomes of which are uncertain.
Intellectual property-related disputes are common in the technology industry and are often used to enforce patents 
and seek licensing fees. Litigation and arbitration are often used to enforce patents or other rights, or to set 
licensing fees. In certain cases, we have initiated litigation or arbitration proceedings to enforce our rights, for 
instance to enforce our patents or to establish the terms of a patent license between the parties. Due to the nature 
of any litigation or arbitration proceedings, there can be no assurances as to the final outcome or timing of any 
outcome of litigation or arbitration.

--- Page 29 ---
17 
In other cases, other companies have commenced and may continue to commence actions against us seeking to 
establish the invalidity of our intellectual property, including our patents or to contest our licensing practices. In 
the event that one or more of our patents is challenged, a court may invalidate the patent or determine that the 
patent is not enforceable, which could have an impact on our competitive position. The outcome of court 
proceedings is difficult to predict and, consequently, our ability to use intellectual property for revenue generation 
may from time to time depend on favourable court rulings. Additionally, if any of our patents is invalidated, or if 
the scope of the claims in any patents is limited by a court decision, we could be prevented from using such patents 
as a basis for product differentiation or from licensing the invalidated or limited portion of our IPRs. Even if such 
a patent challenge is not successful, the related proceedings could be expensive and time-consuming, divert the 
attention of our management and technical experts from our business and have an adverse effect on our reputation. 
Any diminution in the protection of our IPRs could cause us to lose certain benefits of our R&D investments. The 
materialisation of the risks stated above could lead to our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects being adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under 
the Notes. 
While the primary source of Nokia Technologies business group's net sales and profits is from licensing of the 
Nokia patents, we are also engaged with technologies and the Nokia brand, licensing other business ventures 
including technology innovation and incubation. Expected net sales and profitability for these businesses may not 
materialise as planned or at all.  
Nokia Technologies has a strategic agreement covering branding rights and intellectual property licensing with 
HMD Global. Under the agreement, Nokia receives royalty payments from HMD Global for sales of Nokia-
branded mobile phones and tablets, covering both brand and patent licensing. Nokia also has a small number of 
territorially restricted brand licensing agreements beyond mobile devices and is exploring further opportunities to 
license the brand in new categories. However, there can be no assurance that we will successfully reach additional 
new brand licensing arrangements at all or on terms that prove satisfactory to us. If we fail to do so, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which, in turn, could affect 
our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the Notes. The agreement with HMD Global limits 
Nokia's possibilities to license the Nokia brand for certain types of devices over an agreed time and as such limiting 
Nokia's licensing possibilities with respect to such devices. 
Additionally, licensing the Nokia brand to HMD Global and other companies could – in cases where the licensee 
acts inconsistently with our ethical, compliance or quality standards – negatively affect our reputation and the 
value of our brand, thus diminishing the business potential with respect to utilising our brand for licensing 
opportunities or otherwise having a negative effect on our business. Nokia has limitations in its ability to influence 
HMD Global or other brand licensees in their business and other operations, exposing us to potential adverse 
effects from the use of the Nokia brand by HMD Global or other brand licensees or other adverse developments 
encountered by brand licensees that become attributable to Nokia. If these risks related to the licensing of our 
brand to third parties materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Following a loan conversion, Nokia currently has a minority shareholding in HMD Global. 
There can be no assurances that our Nokia Technologies business group, or any other part of Nokia, will be 
successful in innovation and incubation or in generating net sales and profits through its business plans, for 
instance in patent, technology and brand licensing. The industries in which we operate, or may operate in the 
future, are generally fast-paced, rapidly evolving and innovative. Such industries are at different levels of maturity, 
and there can be no assurances that any investment we make will yield an expected return or result in the intended 
benefits. Additionally, we are entering into new business areas based on our technology assets and may explore 
new business ventures. Such business areas or plans may be adversely affected by adverse industry and market 
developments in the numerous diverse markets in which we operate, as well as by general economic conditions 
globally and regionally. As such, the investments may not be profitable or achieve the targeted rates of return. If 
we are unable to successfully manage our innovation and incubation activities, especially in connection with 
patent, technology and brand licensing, or to successfully enter new business ventures, especially technological 
ones, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our 
obligations under the Notes, may be adversely affected. In particular, the consumer business environment is 
currently unstable and unpredictable due to the COVID-19 situation and poor performance by any of Nokia's 
patent, technology or brand licensees may impact Nokia financially. 
Our products, services and business models depend on technologies that we have developed as well as 
technologies that are licensed to us by certain third parties. As a result, evaluating the rights related to the 
technologies we use or intend to use is increasingly challenging, and we expect to continue to face claims that we

--- Page 30 ---
18 
have allegedly infringed third parties' IPRs. The use of these technologies may also result in increased licensing 
costs for us, restrictions on our ability to use certain technologies in our products and/or costly and time-
consuming litigation. 
Our products and services include increasingly complex technologies that we have developed or that have been 
licensed to us by certain third parties. The amount of such proprietary technologies and the number of parties 
claiming to own relevant IPRs continue to increase. The holders of patents and other IPRs potentially relevant to 
these complex technologies may be unknown to us, may have different business models, may refuse to grant 
licenses to their proprietary rights or may otherwise make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially 
acceptable terms. If licensing agreements are not available on commercially acceptable terms, we could be 
precluded from making and selling the affected products, or could face increased licensing costs. As new features 
are added to our products, we may need to acquire further licenses, including from new and sometimes 
unidentified owners of intellectual property. The lack of availability of licenses for copyrighted content, delayed 
negotiations or restrictive IPR license terms may have a material adverse effect on the cost or timing of content-
related services and products offered by us, mobile network operators or third-party service providers. The 
cumulative costs of obtaining any necessary licenses are difficult to predict and may be significant and could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to 
fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, although we endeavour to ensure that we and the companies collaborating with us possess 
appropriate IPRs or licenses, we cannot fully avoid the risks of IPRs infringement by suppliers of components, 
processes and other various layers in our products, or by companies with which we collaborate. Similarly, we and 
our customers may face claims of infringement in connection with the use of our products. Any restrictions on 
our ability to sell our products due to expected or alleged infringements of third-party IPR and any IPR claims, 
regardless of merit, could result in a material loss of profits, costly litigation, the obligation to pay damages and 
other compensation, the diversion of the attention of our key employees, product shipment delays or the need for 
us to develop non-infringing technology or to enter into a licensing agreement on unfavourable commercial terms. 
If the risks described in this paragraph in connection with the complex technologies that we use (either developed 
by us or licensed to us) materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the 
Notes. 
In line with standard practice in our industry, we generally indemnify our customers for certain intellectual 
property-related infringement claims initiated by third parties relating to products or services purchased from us. 
These may include claims from non-practicing entities having no product or service business. If such claims are 
made directly against our customers, we may have limited opportunities to participate in the processes including 
in negotiations and in defences, or to evaluate the outcomes and resolutions in advance. All IPRs indemnifications 
can result in significant payment obligations for us that are difficult to estimate in advance. Moreover, our 
indemnification responsibilities typically arise whether or not the IPR assertions against our customers have merit. 
Any potential liabilities derived from disputes against our clients related to IPRs of products and services sold by 
us may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, 
in turn, on our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest 
and principal on the Notes. 
Since all technology standards that we use and rely on, including mobile communication technologies such as the 
Universal Mobile Telecommunications System, Long-Term Evolution ("LTE") and 5G, or fixed line 
communication technologies, include certain IPRs, we cannot avoid risks of facing claims for infringement of 
such rights due to our reliance on such standards. We believe the number of third parties declaring their patents 
to be potentially relevant to these standards is increasing, which may increase the likelihood that we will be subject 
to such claims in the future. As the number of market entrants and the complexity of technologies increase, it 
remains likely that we will need to obtain licenses with respect to existing and new standards from other licensors. 
While we believe most of such IPRs declared or actually found to be essential to a particular standard carry an 
obligation to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, not all intellectual property owners 
agree to apply such terms, nor do all owners agree on what is fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory. As a result, 
we have experienced costly and time-consuming litigation proceedings against us and our customers or suppliers 
over such issues and we may continue to experience such litigations in the future. Potential liabilities derived from 
such claims and litigations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
19 
From time to time, certain existing patent licenses may expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation. The 
inability to renew or finalise such arrangements or renew licenses with acceptable commercial terms may result 
in costly and time-consuming litigation, and any adverse result in any such litigation may lead to restrictions on 
our ability to sell certain products and could result in payments that could be significant. These legal proceedings 
may continue to be expensive and time-consuming and divert the efforts of our management and technical experts 
from our business and, if decided against us, could result in unfavourable judgements, restrictions on our ability 
to sell our products, require us to pay increased licensing fees, costly settlements, fines or other penalties and 
expenses. If any of these risks related to the expiration or renegotiation of patent licenses materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Our patent license agreements may not cover all the future businesses that we may enter, our existing business 
may not necessarily be covered by our patent license agreements if there are changes in our corporate structure or 
our subsidiaries, or our newly-acquired businesses may already have patent license agreements with terms that 
differ from similar terms in our patent license agreements. This may result in increased costs, restrictions in the 
use of certain technologies or time-consuming and costly disputes whenever there are changes in our corporate 
structure or our subsidiaries, or whenever we enter into new business areas or acquire new businesses. If any of 
these risks related to a potential inadequate scope of our patent license agreements materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We make accruals and provisions to cover our estimated total direct IPR costs for our products. The total direct 
IPR costs consist of actual payments to licensors, accrued expenses under existing agreements and provisions for 
potential liabilities. We believe our accruals and provisions are appropriate for all technologies owned by third 
parties. The ultimate outcome, however, may differ from the provided level, which could have an adverse impact 
on us and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay 
interest and principal on the Notes. 
Risks stemming from geopolitical, legal, regulatory and compliance environment 
We conduct our business globally, being subject to direct and indirect regulation and exposed to geopolitical and 
regulatory risks, such as unfavourable or unpredictable treatment in relation to trade sanctions, tariffs, tax 
matters, export controls, exchange controls, and other restrictions. Our governance, internal controls and 
compliance processes could fail to detect errors or wrongdoings and to prevent regulatory penalties at corporate 
level, in operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
Our business and activities cover multiple jurisdictions and are subject to complex regulatory frameworks and 
political, regulatory and economic developments – such as political turmoil, trade barriers, tariffs, military actions, 
labour unrest, civil unrest, and public health and safety threats, which could have a material adverse effect on us, 
our supply chain, our ability to supply products and services, including network infrastructure equipment 
manufactured in such countries, and on our sales and results of operations, which could lead to our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects being adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our 
ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, we have observed an increase in the adoption of 
surveillance, data localisation, national sourcing and national hiring requirements regulations and policies. Current 
international trends show increased enforcement activity in areas such as national security, competition law, 
export control and sanctions, privacy, cybersecurity and anti-corruption. Despite our Group-wide compliance 
measures, including annual ethical business training and other measures, we may not be able to prevent breaches 
of law or governance standards within our business, subsidiaries or joint ventures. If we fail to or are unable to 
comply with applicable law and regulations, we could experience penalties and adverse rulings in enforcement 
and other proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
The regulatory, trade controls and sanctions legal environment can be difficult to navigate for companies with 
global operations, impacting our ability to grow business in specific markets or enter new markets. Export 
controls, tariffs or other fees or levies imposed on our products and environmental, health, product safety and data 
protection, security, consumer protection, money laundering and other regulations that adversely affect the export, 
import, technical design, pricing or costs of our products could also adversely affect our sales and results of 
operations. Our businesses may be impacted by new, existing or tightened export control regulations, sanctions, 
embargoes or other forms of economic and trade restrictions imposed on certain countries and entities.

--- Page 32 ---
20 
As a global operator, Nokia conducts business subject to export controls regulations in countries subject to various 
sanctions. Although we strive to conduct all operations of Nokia, and in particular any operations undertaken in 
countries targeted by sanctions, in accordance with our comprehensive and robust Internal Compliance 
Programme to ensure that they are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, we cannot ensure 
that breaches will not occur. We continuously monitor international developments and assess the appropriateness 
of our presence and business in various markets. As an example, the U.S.' unilateral withdrawal from the 
international agreement on Iran's nuclear activities has led to the reimposition of U.S. sanctions while the EU and 
other signatories remain fully committed to the international agreement relaxing the sanctions against Iran. The 
diverging EU and U.S. regulatory framework governing business activities in Iran continue to be complex and as 
a European company, it will require reconciling the opposing foreign policy regimes of the U.S. and the EU.  
The withdrawal of the United Kingdom ("UK") from the European Union, commonly referred to as "Brexit", 
became effective on 31 January 2020. Upon its departure, a transition period came into effect during which EU 
law continued to be applicable to and in the United Kingdom. That transition period came to an end on 31 
December 2020 (the "Exit Date"). The United Kingdom and the European Union agreed to a Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement on 24 December 2020 (the "TCA"), which is intended to be operative at the end of the 
transition period and to govern the United Kingdom's relationship with the European Union. The TCA was ratified 
by the United Kingdom on 30 December 2020 and by the relevant European Union institutions on 28 April 2021, 
and came into full force on 1 May 2021. While the TCA regulates a number of important areas, significant parts 
of the UK economy are not addressed in detail by the TCA, including in particular the services sector, which 
represents the largest component of the UK's economy. A number of issues have also been the subject of further 
bilateral negotiations since the beginning of 2021. One of the subjects of these negotiations has been a 
Memorandum of Understanding ("MoU") between the EU and UK covering financial services, which has now 
been agreed. Whilst technical agreement on the MoU was reached on 26 March 2021, the text of the MoU has not 
been published pending further steps to be taken by both the EU and the UK to ratify the MoU. The true long-
term effects of Brexit will not materialise at least until when the various transition periods agreed in the TCA 
expire and are replaced by the final provisions of the TCA and the legislative and regulatory actions undertaken 
by the UK (including the ratification of the MoU). The UK retained the freedom to diverge from EU regulation, 
so regulatory divergence will likely occur. Any of the potential or actual effects of Brexit (such as delays in supply 
chains, lack of access to skilled human resources, increased import-export controls, added bureaucracy, additional 
certification rules, rules of origin requirements, inability to easily transfer data) could have a negative effect on 
our business, both in the UK and in the EU, as well as in other countries, depending on the terms of the agreements 
the UK concludes with other trading partners, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under 
the Notes. 
The U.S. continues to maintain tariffs implemented during 2019. In response, certain foreign governments have 
implemented or are reportedly considering implementing additional tariffs on U.S. goods. Implementation of or 
uncertainties with respect to any tariffs, trade agreements or further escalation of a trade war could negatively 
impact the global economic markets and could affect our customers' ability to invest in capital expenditures, which 
may in turn result in reduced demand for our products and services. Changes in tariffs have resulted, and may 
continue to do so, in changes in supply and manufacturing. 
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to protectionist measures, trade and tariff policies and 
Brexit materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, 
which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We have a significant presence in emerging markets in which the political, economic, legal and regulatory systems 
are less predictable than in countries with more developed institutions. These markets represent a significant 
portion of our total sales, and a significant portion of expected future industry growth. Most of our suppliers are 
located in, and our products are manufactured and assembled in, emerging markets, particularly in Asia. Our 
business and investments in emerging markets may also be subject to risks and uncertainties, including 
unfavourable or unpredictable treatment in relation to tax matters, exchange controls, restrictions affecting our 
ability to make cross-border transfers of funds, regulatory proceedings, unsound or unethical business practices, 
challenges in protecting our IPRs, nationalisation, inflation, currency fluctuations or the absence of or unexpected 
changes in regulation, as well as other unforeseeable operational risks. The purchasing power of our customers in 
developing markets depends to a greater extent on the price development of basic commodities and currency 
fluctuations, which may render our products or services unaffordable.  
In recent years, we have witnessed political unrest in various markets in which we conduct business or in which 
we have operations, which in turn has adversely affected our sales, profitability or operations in these markets, 
and also in certain cases affected us outside these countries or regions. Any reoccurrence or escalation of such

--- Page 33 ---
21 
unrest could have a further material adverse effect on our sales or results of operations. Should we decide to exit 
or otherwise alter our presence in a particular market, this may have an adverse effect on us through, for example, 
triggering investigations, tax audits by authorities, claims by contracting parties or reputational damage. The 
results and costs of investigations or claims against our international operations may be difficult to predict and 
could lead to lengthy disputes, fines or fees, indemnities or costly settlements.  
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to emerging markets or conflict regions materialise, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Nokia is a publicly listed company and, as such, subject to various securities and accounting rules and regulations. 
For instance, we must monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting and its compliance with the 
applicable rules and regulations. Our corporate function's, our operating subsidiaries' or our joint ventures' failure 
to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting or to comply with the applicable securities and 
accounting rules and regulations, could adversely affect the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting, 
which could result, for instance, in loss of confidence in us or in the accuracy and completeness of our financial 
reports, or otherwise in the imposition of fines or other regulatory measures, which could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil 
our obligations under the Notes. 
Changes in various types of regulations or in their application, or emerging new regulation (in areas such as 
security/privacy, digital economy or sustainable finance), applicable to current or new technologies or products, 
may adversely affect us.
We develop our products based on existing regulations and technical standards, our predictions for, and 
interpretation of, unfinished technical standards and upcoming or draft regulations or, in certain cases, in the 
absence of applicable regulations and standards. The regulators' lack of appropriate frameworks, legislative 
support and competencies necessary to address the rapid evolution of technology in our domain presents a 
particular challenge. On the other hand, changes in various existing regulations or in their application, applicable 
to current or new technologies, products or telecommunication and technology sectors in general, may adversely 
affect our business and results of operations and, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
For example, changes in regulation or standards affecting the construction of base stations and other network 
infrastructure could adversely affect the timing and costs of new network constructions or the expansion and 
commercial launch and ultimate commercial success of such networks.  
The COVID-19 crisis exposed the limitations of the current mechanisms for delivering connectivity, such as 
market and community models. While new regulatory initiatives (including cross-jurisdictional partnerships, 
realistic spectrum pricing for 5G deployment and tax incentives to drive infrastructure development) are being 
launched, their immediate impact is difficult to predict. An increase in regulation of the digital economy and 
telecommunications following the European Commission's review of Europe's 5G Action Plan and Radio 
Spectrum Policy Programme could fail to find the right balance between political ambitions and practical 
considerations, which might negatively affect the further uptake of 5G services, with an adverse effect on Nokia. 
From a spectrum policy perspective, unrealistic spectrum pricing for 5G development, failure to enable access to 
additional spectrum in various bands and/or failure to achieve frequency band harmonisation could also adversely 
impact Nokia's customers and Nokia itself. 
Changes in applicable privacy-related regulatory frameworks, such as EU General Data Protection Regulation, 
the upcoming EU e-Evidence and e-Privacy Regulations and similar regulations in other countries or their 
application may adversely affect our business, including possible changes that increase costs, limit or restrict 
possibilities to offer products or services, or reduce or could be seen to reduce the privacy aspects of our offerings. 
Further, although we monitor for such changes and implement updates to applicable policies and compliance 
measures, we cannot ensure that violations will not occur. For instance, countries could require governmental 
interception capabilities or issue regulations aimed at allowing direct governmental access to data for the products 
and services we offer. Such requirements or regulations could adversely affect us, if, among other things, we 
decide to reduce our sales to such markets or if such requirements or regulations would be limiting our ability to 
use components, products or software that we have developed or sourced from other companies. Our current 
business models and operations rely on certain centralised data processing solutions and cloud or remote delivery-
based services for distribution of services and software or data storage, which have certain inherent risks, including 
those stemming from applicable regulatory regimes, including data protection or data localisation, that may cause 
limitations in implementing such business models or conducting business. An increase in the protectionist stances 
of governments around the world, which impact the free flow of data across borders, is already affecting our global

--- Page 34 ---
22 
service delivery model. Furthermore, we observe that enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory 
authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. Unauthorised disclosure, 
transfer or loss of sensitive or confidential data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or 
misappropriation, by Nokia, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the 
standards we impose) could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, 
fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our 
obligations under the Notes. 
We are seeing an increase in climate-related regulations and customer requirements globally and, in the longer 
term, such regulations or requirements could impact our energy, component and logistic costs or impact the 
competitiveness of our product offering. Emerging regulation coming from the European Union related to 
Sustainable Finance could also affect how our products are perceived by the markets. For example, the EU 
Taxonomy initiative aims to define rules of which economic activities are deemed to contribute to sustainability 
objectives. If our products did not belong to categories defined as sustainable according to the EU Taxonomy or 
comply with other set standards, we could potentially experience loss of sales, profit and brand value. 
Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by regulation favouring the local industry 
participants, as well as other measures with potentially protectionist objectives or outcomes that host governments 
in various countries may take. Governments and regulators, particularly after changes in political regimes, may 
make legal and regulatory changes or interpret and apply existing laws in ways that make our products and services 
less appealing to end-users or require us to incur substantial costs, change our business practices or prevent us 
from offering our products and services. Restrictive government policies or actions, such as limitations on visas 
or work permits for certain foreign workers, may make it difficult for us to move our employees into and out of 
these jurisdictions. Our operations and employee recruitment and retention depend on our ability to obtain the 
necessary visas and work permits for our employees to travel and work in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
Our competitors have employed and will likely continue to employ significant resources to shape the legal and 
regulatory regimes in countries where we have significant operations. Achieving the right balance between 
security imperatives, technological development needs and political ambition is essential. The impact of changes 
in or uncertainties related to regulation and trade policies could adversely affect our business and results of 
operations even in cases where the regulations do not directly apply to us or our products and services, which 
may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We operate in many jurisdictions around the world, and we are subject to various legal frameworks regulating 
corruption, fraud, competition, trade policies, and other risk areas. At any given time, we may be subject to 
inspections, investigations, claims, and government proceedings, and the extent and outcome of such proceedings 
may be difficult to estimate with any certainty. We may be subject to material fines, penalties and other sanctions 
as a result of such investigations. 
Bribery and anti-corruption laws in effect in many countries prohibit companies and their intermediaries from 
making improper payments to public officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining new business 
maintaining existing business relationships or gaining any material advantage. Certain anti-corruption laws such 
as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") also require the maintenance of proper books and 
records, and the implementation of controls and procedures in order to ensure that a company's operations do not 
involve corrupt payments. Since we operate throughout the world, and given that some of our customers are 
government-owned entities and that our projects and agreements often require approvals from public officials, 
there is a risk that our employees, suppliers, consultants or commercial third-party representatives may take 
actions that are in violation of our compliance policies and of applicable anti-corruption laws.  
In many parts of the world where we operate, local practices and customs may be inconsistent with our policies, 
including the Nokia Code of Conduct, and could violate anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the UK 
Bribery Act 2010, and applicable European Union regulations, as well as applicable economic sanctions, 
embargoes and applicable competition laws. Our employees, or other parties acting on our behalf, could violate 
policies and procedures intended to promote compliance with anti-corruption laws, economic sanctions or 
competition laws. Violations of these laws by our employees or other parties acting on our behalf, regardless of 
whether we had participated in such acts or had knowledge of such acts, could result in us or our employees 
becoming subject to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including fines or penalties, disgorgement of profits 
and suspension or disqualification of sales. Additionally, violations of law or allegations of violations may result 
in reputational harm and loss of business and adversely affect our brand and reputation. Detecting, investigating 
and resolving such situations may also result in significant costs, including the need to engage external advisers, 
and consume significant time, attention and resources from our management and other key employees. The results 
and costs of such investigations or claims may be difficult to predict and could lead to, for instance, lengthy

--- Page 35 ---
23 
disputes, fines, fees or indemnities, costly settlements or the deterioration of the Nokia brand. Furthermore, even 
without allegations of misconduct against us, our employees or other parties acting on our behalf, we may face 
loss of business as a result of improper conduct or alleged improper conduct by our competitors. 
We may be subject to claims, fines, investigations or assessments for conduct that we failed to or were unable to 
discover or identify in the course of performing our due diligence investigations of Alcatel-Lucent, including 
unknown or unasserted liabilities and issues relating to fraud, trade compliance, non-compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations, improper accounting policies or other improper activities. With the acquisition of Alcatel-
Lucent, any historical issues with Alcatel-Lucent's operations may be attributed to or the responsibility of Nokia. 
In the past, Alcatel-Lucent has experienced both actual and alleged violations of anti-corruption laws. As a result 
of FCPA violations in the past, Alcatel-Lucent had to pay substantial amounts in fines, penalties and disgorgement 
of profits to government enforcement agencies in the United States and elsewhere. 
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to potential violations by our employees, suppliers, 
consultants or commercial third party representatives of our compliance policies or of applicable anti-corruption 
laws or to potential breaches of such laws by conducts and actions that we failed or were unable to identify 
materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which 
may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We are subject to litigation proceedings, which may be disruptive and expensive. In addition, an unfavourable 
outcome of litigation, arbitrations, agreement-related disputes or product liability-related allegations against our 
business could have a material adverse effect on us.  
We are a party to lawsuits, arbitrations, agreement-related disputes and product liability-related allegations in the 
normal course of our business. Litigation, arbitration or agreement-related disputes can be expensive, lengthy and 
disruptive to normal business operations and divert the efforts of our management. Moreover, the outcomes of 
complex legal proceedings or agreement-related disputes are difficult to predict. An unfavourable resolution of a 
particular lawsuit, arbitration or agreement-related dispute could have a material adverse effect on us. The 
investment or acquisition decisions we make may subject us to litigation arising from minority shareholders' 
actions and investor dissatisfaction with the activities of our business. Shareholder disputes, if resolved against 
us, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
We record provisions for pending claims when we determine that an unfavourable outcome is likely and the loss 
can reasonably be estimated. Although we believe our provisions for pending claims are appropriate, due to the 
inherent uncertain nature of legal proceedings, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially 
differ from estimates. We believe our provisions for pending claims are appropriate.  
Although our products are designed to meet all relevant safety standards and other recommendations and 
regulatory requirements globally, we cannot guarantee we will not become subject to product liability claims or 
be held liable for such claims, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We have been involved in several 
lawsuits alleging adverse health effects associated with our products, including those caused by electromagnetic 
fields, and the outcome of such procedures is difficult to predict, including potentially significant fines or 
settlements. Even a perceived risk of adverse health effects of mobile devices or base stations could have a material 
adverse effect on us through a reduction in the demand for mobile devices, for instance, through a decreased 
demand for mobile networks or increased difficulty in obtaining sites for base stations.  
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to litigation proceedings and disputes materialise 
(including the costs and business disruption arising from such proceedings, unfavourable rulings, incorrect 
recording of provisions or reputational harm, among others), our business, financial condition and cash flows may 
be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
For a more detailed discussion of litigation to which we are a party, refer to Note 30, Commitments, contingencies 
and legal matters, of our audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risks related to management and operations 
We may face problems or disruptions in our or our partners' manufacturing, service creation, delivery, logistics 
or supply chain. Such challenges include securing adequate volumes to meet demand, adapting supply, defects in 
products or related software or services and achieving required efficiencies and flexibility. Our supplier or 
suppliers/partners may fail to meet product quality, health, safety or security requirements or comply with other

--- Page 36 ---
24 
regulations or local laws, such as environmental or labor laws. Additionally, adverse events, such as geopolitical 
disruptions, natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest or health crises, may have a profound impact on our 
service delivery or production sites or the production sites of our suppliers/partners, which are geographically 
concentrated.
We, or third parties that we outsource manufacturing/services to, may experience difficulties in adapting supply 
to meet the changing demand for our products and services, ramping up and down production, adjusting network 
implementation capabilities as needed on a timely basis, maintaining an optimal inventory level, adopting new 
manufacturing processes, finding the most timely way to develop the best technical solutions for new products, 
managing the increasingly complex manufacturing process, service creation and delivery process or achieving 
required efficiencies and flexibility. In addition, these operations are exposed to various risks and potential 
liabilities, including those related to geopolitics, compliance with laws and regulations, exposure to environmental 
liabilities or other claims. 
Our manufacturing operations depend on obtaining sufficient quantities of fully functional products, components, 
sub-assemblies, software and services on a timely basis. Our principal supply requirements for our products are 
for electronic components, mechanical components and software, which all have a wide range of applications in 
our products. In certain cases, a particular component or service may be available only from a limited number of 
suppliers or from a single supplier in the supply chain. Suppliers may from time to time extend lead times, limit 
supplies, change their partner preferences, increase prices, provide poor quality supplies or be unable to adapt to 
changes in demand due to capacity constraints or other factors, which could adversely affect our ability to deliver 
our products and services on a timely basis. If we fail to properly anticipate customer demand, an over-supply or 
under-supply of components and production or services delivery capacity could occur. In many cases, some of 
our competitors utilise the same contract manufacturers, component suppliers and service vendors. If they have 
purchased capacity or components ahead of us, or if there is significant consolidation in the relevant supplier base, 
this could prevent us from acquiring the required components or services, which could limit our ability to supply 
our customers or increase our costs. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply and demand chain and the 
risks described in this paragraph materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the 
Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
A large proportion of Nokia manufacturing and field installation activities are carried out by third-party suppliers. 
These vary in size and often engage a number of tiers of suppliers, which limits Nokia's direct control. Our 
suppliers or a supplier may fail to meet our supplier requirements, such as our and our customers' product quality, 
safety, security and other standards. Certain suppliers may not comply with local laws, including, among others, 
local labour law, health and safety or environmental requirements. Consequently, some of our products or the 
manner in which services are delivered may be unacceptable to us or to our customers. This can in turn lead to 
exposure in the form of litigation, product recalls or brand damage through association, which may have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, on our ability 
to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.  
Our products are highly complex and defects in their design, manufacture and associated hardware, software and 
content have occurred in the past and may continue to occur in the future. Defects and other quality issues may 
result from, among other things, failure in our own product manufacturing and service creation and delivery, as 
well as failure of our suppliers/partners to comply with our requirements, or failures in products and services 
created jointly with business partners or other third parties where the development and manufacturing process is 
not fully within our control. If the risks related to our suppliers which are described in this paragraph materialise, 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in 
turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the Notes. 
Quality issues may cause, for instance, delays in deliveries, loss of intellectual property, liabilities for network 
outages, court fees and fines due to breaches of significantly increasing regulatory privacy requirements and 
related negative publicity, and additional repair, product replacement or warranty costs to us, and harm our 
reputation and our ability to sustain or obtain business with our current and potential customers. With respect to 
our services, quality issues may relate to the challenges of having the services fully operational at the time they 
are made available to our customers and maintaining them on an ongoing basis. We may also be subject to 
damages due to product liability claims arising from defective products and components. We make provisions to 
cover our estimated warranty costs for our products and pending liability claims. We believe our provisions are 
appropriate, although the ultimate outcome may materially differ from the provisions that are provided for, which 
could have a material adverse effect on us. If the risks described above in connection with quality issues and 
damages related to our products and services materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations

--- Page 37 ---
25 
and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes. 
We may be subjected to negative publicity with respect to the activities that we manage or that are managed by 
third parties for us. For instance, we may experience challenges caused by third parties, or other external 
difficulties in connection with our efforts to modify our operations to improve the efficiency and flexibility of our 
manufacturing, service creation and delivery, as well as our logistics, including, but not limited to, strikes, 
purchasing boycotts, public harm to our brand and claims for compensation resulting from our decisions on where 
to place and how to utilise our manufacturing facilities. Such difficulties may result from, among other things, 
delays in adjusting production at our facilities, delays in expanding production capacity, failures in our 
manufacturing, service creation and delivery, as well as logistics processes, failures in the activities we have 
outsourced, and interruptions in the data communication systems that run our operations. Any of these events 
could delay our successful and timely delivery of products that meet our and our customers' quality, safety, 
security and other requirements, cause delivery of insufficient or excess volumes compared with our own 
estimates or customer requirements, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of 
operations or our reputation and brand value, which could in turn affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Many of our production sites or the production sites of our suppliers/partners are geographically concentrated, 
with a majority of our suppliers/partners based in Asia. We rely on efficient logistic chain elements, such as 
regional distribution hubs or transport chain elements (main ports, streets, and airways). In the event that any of 
these geographic areas are affected by any adverse conditions, such as severe impacts of climate change or other 
environmental events, natural or man-made disasters, geopolitical disruptions, civil unrest or health crises (such 
as the COVID-19 pandemic) that disrupt production or deliveries from our suppliers/partners, our ability to deliver 
our products on a timely basis could be adversely affected. In a similar manner, these adverse conditions may also 
cause disruption to our service creation and delivery, which, in either case, may have a material adverse effect on 
our business and results of operations and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Performance failures of our partners, as well as failures to agree to partnering arrangements with third parties 
could adversely affect us.  
If any of the companies we partner and collaborate with were to fail to perform as expected, or if we fail to achieve 
the collaboration or partnering arrangements needed to succeed, we may be unable to bring our products, services 
or technologies to market successfully or in a timely manner. This could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the 
Notes. We are increasingly collaborating and partnering with third parties to develop technologies, products and 
services, as well as seeking new revenue streams through partnering arrangements. We also depend on third-party 
partners in our efforts to monetise our brands, including the Nokia and Nokia Bell Labs brands and technologies, 
and we have outsourced various functions to third parties and are relying on them to provide certain services to 
us. These arrangements involve the commitment of certain resources, including technology, R&D, services and 
employees. Although the objective of the collaborative and partnering arrangements is a mutually beneficial 
outcome for each party, our ability to introduce and provide products and services that are commercially viable 
and meet our, our customers' and consumers' quality, safety, security and other standards in a timely manner could 
be hampered from performance or other failures. For instance, if a partner acts inconsistently with our ethical, 
sustainability, compliance, brand, or quality standards, this can negatively affect our reputation, the value of our 
brand, and the business outcome of our partnerships, and globally our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. This could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under 
the Notes. 
In many areas, including IT, finance and human resources-related arrangements, a failure to maintain an efficient 
relationship with the selected partner may lead to ongoing operational problems or even to severe business 
disruptions, and the availability of the processes and services upon which we rely may be interrupted. Performance 
problems may result in missed reporting deadlines, internal controls challenges, financial losses, missed business 
opportunities and reputational harm. In addition, as management's focus shifts from a direct to an indirect 
operational control in these areas, there is a risk that without active management and monitoring of the 
relationship, the services provided may be below appropriate quality standards. Partners may not meet agreed 
service levels, in which case, depending on the impacted service, our contractual remedies may not fully cure all 
of the damages we may suffer. This is particularly true for any deficiencies that would impact the reporting 
requirements applicable to us as a company listed on multiple stock exchanges. If the risks described in this 
paragraph in connection with underperformance or deficient performance by our third-party suppliers materialise, 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in

--- Page 38 ---
26 
turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest 
and principal on the Notes. 
In order to implement outsourcing arrangements, we may be required to implement changes in our business 
practices and processes, for instance, to capture economies of scale and operational efficiencies, and to reflect a 
different way of doing business. Consequently, business processes that were customised for individual business 
groups or for us generally may be converted to a more standardised format. During a transition to outsourcing, 
our employees may need to train the partner's staff or be trained in the partners' systems, potentially resulting in 
the distraction of our employees. Adjustments to staff size and transfer of employees to the partner's companies 
could have an adverse effect on us, for instance, through impacting the morale of our employees and raising 
complex labour law issues and resulting in the loss of key personnel. Additionally, partnering and outsourcing 
arrangements can create a dependency on the outsourcing company, causing issues in our ability to learn from 
day-to-day responsibilities, gain hands-on experience, adapt to changing business needs and properly transfer the 
specific know-how to the new outsourcing partners. Concerns could equally arise from giving third parties access 
to confidential data, strategic technology applications and books and records. There is also a risk that we may not 
be able to determine whether controls have been effectively implemented, and whether the partner company's 
performance monitoring reports are accurate. The materialisation of the risks set out in this paragraph in 
connection with our outsourcing arrangements could entail a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes. 
Inefficiencies, breaches, malfunctions or disruptions of information technology systems and processes could have 
a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As our business operations, including those 
we have outsourced, rely on complex IT systems, networks and related services, our reliance on the precautions 
taken by external companies to ensure the reliability of our and their IT systems, networks and related services is 
increasing. Consequently, certain disruptions in IT systems and networks affecting our external providers could 
also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Our operations rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex and centralised IT systems, networks 
and processes, which are integrated with those of third parties. All IT systems, networks and processes are 
potentially vulnerable to damage, breaches, malfunction or interruption from a variety of sources. We are, to a 
significant extent, relying on third parties for the provision of IT services. We may experience disruptions if our 
partners do not deliver as expected or if we are unable to successfully manage systems and processes together 
with our business partners. The ongoing migration to cloud-based architectures and network function 
virtualisation has introduced further complexity and associated risk.  
We are constantly seeking to improve the quality and security of our IT systems. For instance, we have introduced 
new significant IT solutions in recent years. While we have outsourced certain functions, we have also increased 
our dependence on the reliability of external providers as well as on the security of communication with them. 
We will often need to use new service providers and may, due to technical developments or choices regarding 
technology, increase our reliance on certain new technologies, such as cloud or remote delivery on demand-based 
services and certain other services that are used over the internet rather than using a traditional licensing model. 
Switching to new service providers and introducing new technologies is inherently risky and may expose us to an 
increased risk of disruptions in our operations, for instance due to network inefficiency, a cybersecurity or a 
compliance breach, malfunctions, failure in disaster recovery/IT service continuity or other disruptions resulting 
from IT systems and processes.  
If the abovementioned risks related to our reliance on IT systems, networks and processes and the potential 
disruptions in IT systems and networks affecting our external providers materialise, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We pursue various measures in order to manage our risks related to system and network malfunctions and 
disruptions, including the use of multiple suppliers and their strong technical and contractual engagements in IT 
security. However, despite precautions taken by us, any malfunction or disruption of our current or future systems 
or networks, such as an outage in a telecommunications network used by any of our IT systems, or a breach of 
our cybersecurity, such as an attack, malware, ransomware or other event that leads to an unanticipated 
interruption or malfunction of our IT systems, processes, networks or data leakages, could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and brand value. Additionally, we may fail to successfully secure our 
IT. A disruption of services relying on our IT, for instance, could cause significant discontent among users 
resulting in claims, contractual penalties or deterioration of our brand value. Further, while we are increasing our

--- Page 39 ---
27 
investments in digitalising our operations and transforming our IT, the legacy IT systems may be more vulnerable 
to malfunction, disruptions or security breaches than the new IT systems replacing them. If the risks described in 
this paragraph materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely 
affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our 
obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
We are exposed to risks related to information security. Our business model relies on solutions for distribution of 
services and software or data storage, which entail inherent risks relating not only to applicable regulatory 
regimes, but also to cybersecurity breaches and other unauthorised access to network data or other potential 
security risks that may adversely affect our business and/or compromise personal data.  
Our business and operations rely on confidentiality of proprietary information as well as sensitive information, 
for instance related to our employees, consumers and our customers. Our business models rely on certain 
centralised data processing solutions and cloud or remote delivery-based services for distribution of services and 
software or data storage, accessible by our partners or subcontractors according to the roles and responsibilities 
defined. 
We or our products and online services, marketing and developer sites may be subject to cybersecurity breaches, 
including hacking, randsomware, viruses, worms and other malicious software, unauthorised modifications, or 
illegal activities that may cause potential security risks and other harm to us, our customers or consumers and 
other end-users of our products and services. IT is rapidly evolving, the techniques used to obtain unauthorised 
access or sabotage systems change frequently and the parties behind cyber-attacks and other industrial espionage 
are believed to be sophisticated and have extensive resources, and it is not commercially or technically feasible to 
mitigate all known vulnerabilities in a timely manner or to eliminate all risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches. 
Further, while we are increasing our investments in digitalising our operations and transforming our IT, the legacy 
IT systems may be more vulnerable to malfunction, disruptions or security breaches than the new IT systems 
replacing them. Additionally, we contract with multiple third parties in various jurisdictions who collect and use 
certain data on our behalf. Although we have processes in place designed to ensure appropriate collection, 
handling and use of such data, third parties may use the data inappropriately or breach laws and agreements in 
collecting, handling or using or leaking such data. This could lead to lengthy legal proceedings or fines imposed 
on us, as well as adverse effects to our reputation and brand value. Additionally, cyber-attacks can be difficult to 
prevent, detect or contain. We cannot rule out the possibility that there may have been cyber-attacks that have 
been successful and/or evaded our detection. We continue to invest in risk mitigating actions; however, there can 
be no assurance that such investments and actions will prevent or detect future cyber-attacks. If the risks described 
in this paragraph related to IT security materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes. 
In connection with providing products and services to our customers and consumers, certain personal and 
consumer data are collected, stored and processed through us, either by us or by our business partners or 
subcontractors in various jurisdictions. We have outsourced a significant portion of our IT operations, as well as 
the network and information systems that we sell to third parties or for whose security and reliability we may 
otherwise be accountable. Loss, improper disclosure or processing or leakage of any personal or consumer data 
collected by us or which is available to our partners or subcontractors, made available to us or stored in or through 
our products, could have a material adverse effect on us and harm our reputation and brand. This could adversely 
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. Additionally, governmental authorities may use our networks 
products to access the personal data of individuals without our involvement; for example, through the so-called 
lawful intercept capabilities of network infrastructure, impairing our reputation. 
Our business is also vulnerable to theft, fraud or other forms of deception, sabotage and intentional acts of 
vandalism by third parties and employees. Unauthorised access to or modification, misappropriation or loss of our 
intellectual property and confidential information, including personal data, could result in litigation and potential 
liability to customers, suppliers and other third parties, harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our 
investment in R&D and other strategic initiatives or damage our brand and reputation. Additionally, the cost and 
operational consequences of implementing further information system protection measures, especially if 
prescribed by national authorities, could be significant. We may not be successful in implementing such measures 
in due time, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming and resource-
intensive. All of the above could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
28 
We engage in the installation and maintenance of undersea telecommunications cable networks. During this 
activity, we may cause damage to existing undersea infrastructure, for which we may ultimately be held 
responsible. 
We supply, install and maintain submarine optical fibre cable networks linking mainland to islands, island to 
island or several points along a coast. Our activities also include the provision of optical fibre infrastructure to oil 
and gas platforms and other offshore installations. Expert personnel, specialist equipment and an independently 
certified management system are integral to our management of risk throughout the entire planning and execution 
phases of such activities. We perform surveys, follow rigorous permit processes and use third-party cartographic 
databases maintained by recognised hydrographic institutes. However, there is a risk that previously-laid 
infrastructure, such as third-party fibre optic cables, electrical power lines or hydrocarbon pipelines, may go 
undetected despite such precautions, and be damaged during the process of laying or maintaining the 
telecommunications cables. Such an event could potentially cause temporary business interruption to third parties 
operating in the same area, environmental incidents, safety accidents, unwanted media or regulatory attention, 
loss of reputation, litigation, repair costs or compensation payments for the affected parties. All of this could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal 
on the Notes. While we have contractual limitations in place and maintain insurance coverage to limit our 
exposure, these protections may be insufficient to cover such exposure entirely. 
We may be unable to retain, motivate, develop and recruit appropriately skilled employees or may fail in 
workforce balancing. Employees may face change fatigue, reduction in motivation and energy as our efforts to 
evolve our business and improve efficiency continue. Increase in the share of remote working was sharp and rapid 
due to COVID-19 pandemic, allowing little time to adapt the respective health and safety practices, processes 
and policies. 
Our success is dependent in part on our ability to retain, motivate, develop and recruit appropriately skilled 
employees. The market for skilled employees and leaders in our business is extremely competitive. We 
continuously work on developing a corporate culture that is motivational, based on equal opportunities and 
encourages creativity and continuous learning to meet the challenges.  
We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, shortages of appropriately skilled employees or lose key 
employees or senior management, which may hamper our ability to implement our strategies and may have a 
material adverse effect on us. Changes in our strategy in order to respond to our business targets and endeavours 
and related uncertainty have caused and may in the future cause disruption, dissatisfaction and fatigue among 
employees, as our efforts to continue to evolve our business, and maximise operational efficiency continue. As a 
result, employee motivation, energy, focus, morale and productivity may be reduced, causing inefficiencies and 
other problems across the organisation resulting in the loss of key employees, difficulties in recruiting employees 
and increased costs in resolving and addressing such matters. The loss of key employees could result in resource 
gaps, some of which may only be noticed after a certain period of time or which negatively impact our relationship 
with customers, vendors or other business partners. If the risks set out in this paragraph materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our 
ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We have acquired, and may from time to time, acquire businesses or complete other transactions where retaining 
key employees may be crucial to obtain the intended benefits of such transactions. There can be no assurances 
that we will be able to implement measures successfully to retain or hire the required employees. We believe this 
will require significant time, attention and resources from our senior management and other key employees within 
our organisation and may result in increased costs.  
We may fail in our efforts to rebalance our workforce as planned and may result in larger than expected costs, or 
we may not be able to complete such efforts, for instance, due to legal restrictions, resulting in a non-optimal 
workforce that could hinder our ability to reach targeted cost savings. Relationships with employee representatives 
are generally managed at the site level in accordance with country-specific legislation and most collective 
bargaining agreements have been in place for several years. Our inability to negotiate successfully with employee 
representatives or failures in our relationships with such representatives could result in strikes by the employees, 
increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to employees as the result of such strike or 
other industrial action or inability to implement changes to our organisation and operational structure in the 
planned timeframe or expense level, or at all. If our employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, 
we could experience a significant disruption in our day-to-day operations and higher ongoing labour costs. This

--- Page 41 ---
29 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We continue to have exposure to the health risks of COVID-19 pandemic and to the control and mitigation 
measures deployed by governments to reduce the spread of the virus. We were able to pivot to remote working 
very effectively in the early days of the pandemic; however, these changes were required in short timeframes that 
allowed little time to adapt. We believe that this pandemic will permanently increase share of remote working, 
and we may be exposed to a larger extent than before to impacts related to remote work and arranging the home 
office, such as decreased creativity or productivity of employees, supervising working hours, challenges in 
identifying, assessing and supporting employees in stress or poor mental health, inability to help employees to 
work safely in their home office environment (e.g. furnishing, equipment, lighting, ventilation) or developing and 
supervising the execution of related internal policies leading to potential health issues and litigation. If the risks 
described in this paragraph  materialise and/or we are unable to support and motivate our employees during this 
transition to remote working, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
We are involved in joint ventures and are exposed to risks inherent to companies under joint management. 
We have a number of joint ventures in various parts of the world, including those where Nokia is the minority 
partner or where Nokia does not have direct management control. The agreements related to our joint ventures 
may require unanimous consent or the affirmative vote of a qualified majority of the shareholders to take certain 
actions, thereby possibly slowing down the decision-making process or imparing our ability to implement our key 
policies and practices, such as our compliance processes and culture in a comprehensive or timely manner. In 
addition, joint venture companies involve inherent risks such as those associated with having multiple owners and 
decision makers and a complex corporate governance structure, including lack of transparency and consequent 
risks of compliance breaches or other similar issues, or issues in dissolving such entities or divesting their 
shareholdings, assets and liabilities, and also may involve negative public perceptions caused by the joint venture 
partner that are adverse to us. If any of the foregoing risks related to joint ventures and partnerships materialise, 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in 
turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest 
and principal on the Notes. 
Tax-related uncertainties 
We have operations in many countries with different tax laws and rules, which may result in complex tax issues 
and disputes.  
Taxation or other fees collected by governments or governmental agencies may result in unexpected payment 
obligations, and in response to prevailing difficult economic conditions in the public sector, coupled with already 
enacted and proposed fundamental changes in international tax regulations, there may be an increased 
aggressiveness in collecting such fees or taxes. We may be obliged to pay additional taxes for past periods as a 
result of changes in law, or changes of tax authority practice or interpretation (possibly with retroactive effect in 
certain cases), or inaccurate interpretations of tax laws by us resulting potentially in a material adverse effect on 
our cash flow and financial position. The taxes for which we make provisions, such as income taxes, indirect taxes 
and social taxes, could increase significantly in the future as a result of changes in applicable tax laws or global 
guidance in the area of transfer pricing in the countries in which we operate. There may also be unforeseen tax 
expenses that turn out to have an unfavourable impact on us. As a result, and given the inherently unpredictable 
nature of taxation, our tax rate may change from its current level and our cash flows regarding taxes may not be 
stable.

--- Page 42 ---
30 
Our business, investments and activities cover multiple jurisdictions and are subject to complex tax laws and rules 
as well as diverse tax authority practices and interpretations, including any changes (possibly unfavourable or 
unpredictable or with retroactive effect in certain cases) in the aforesaid. Despite our governance and compliance 
procedures, there might be unintended consequences from changes in interpretation of complex tax regulations or 
retroactive implications in tax reforms to our business, subsidiaries and joint ventures. As a company with global 
operations we are subject to tax investigations in various jurisdictions, and such proceedings can be lengthy, 
involve actions that can hinder local operations and affect unrelated parts of our business, and the outcome of such 
proceedings is difficult to predict. While we have made provisions for certain tax issues, the provisions we have 
made may not be adequate to cover such increases. 
Changes in tax-related laws or in their interpretation, retroactive effect of such changes, changes in the relevant 
tax authorities practice, increased tax collection practices or unfavourable outcomes of tax investigations may 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We may face adverse tax consequences due to our past acquisitions and divestments, including, but not limited 
to, stamp duties, land transfer taxes, franchise taxes and other levies and in connection with any indemnity for tax 
liabilities we have provided in connection with such divestments. Additionally, there may be other potential tax 
liabilities of which we are not currently aware but which may result in significant tax consequences now or in the 
future. 
In the context of our sale of Devices & Services business to Microsoft, we are required to indemnify Microsoft 
for certain tax liabilities, including (i) tax liabilities of the Nokia entities acquired by Microsoft in connection with 
the closing of the sale of Devices & Services business, (ii) tax liabilities associated with the assets acquired by 
Microsoft and attributable to tax periods ending on or prior to the closing date of the sale of Devices & Services 
business, and (iii) tax liabilities relating to the pre-closing portion of any taxable period that includes the closing 
date of the sale of Devices & Services business. 
Adverse tax consequences or unknown tax liabilities derived from past acquisitions and divestments may 
adversely affect our financial condition or cash flows, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations 
under the Notes. 
Our actual or anticipated performance, among other factors, could reduce our ability to utilise our tax attributes 
and deferred tax assets.  
Deferred tax assets recognised on tax losses, unused tax credits and tax-deductible temporary differences are 
dependent on our ability to offset such items against future taxable income within the relevant tax jurisdiction. 
Such deferred tax assets are also based on our assumptions on future taxable earnings and these may not be realised 
as expected and could be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 crisis, which may cause the deferred tax assets to 
be materially reduced. In the fourth quarter of 2020, Nokia derecognised EUR 2.9 billion deferred tax assets 
related to Finland. There can be no assurances that reductions in deferred tax assets will not occur in the future. 
Any such reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, our earnings have been unfavourably affected in the past, and may continue to be in the future, in 
the event that no tax benefits are recognised for certain deferred tax items. 
Potential changes in re-allocation of taxing rights and other fundamental international tax principles, in particular 
related to digital business operations, could adversely impact our business, operating results and overall tax 
burden. These changes could also lead to overlapping tax systems and re-evaluation of our global tax operating 
model, which could adversely impact our overall tax burden. 
Financial risks 
We may not have access to sources of funding on favourable terms, or at all.  
Our business requires a significant amount of cash and we continue to invest in our R&D capabilities, particularly 
in the 5G roll-out. We rely on multiple sources of funding for short-term and long-term capital and aim to minimise 
the liquidity risk by maintaining a sufficient cash position and having committed credit lines in place. However, 
there can be no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient amounts of capital or to maintain an efficient 
capital structure from time to time.

--- Page 43 ---
31 
We also may not be able to have access to additional sources of funds that we may need from time to time with 
reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot access capital or sell receivables on a commercially viable basis, our 
business, financial condition and cash flow could materially suffer which, in turn, could adversely affect our 
ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Notes. 
We may not be able to re-establish investment grade rating or maintain our credit ratings. 
Moody's, S&P, Fitch and other credit rating agencies have assigned credit ratings to us and we have set a goal of 
re-establishing investment grade credit ratings. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve 
investment grade credit ratings. 
In the event our credit rating is downgraded, it could have a material adverse effect, for instance, on our cost of 
funds and related margins, our business and results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or access to capital 
markets which, in turn, could affect our ability to refinance the Notes or repay the Notes at maturity. A decrease 
in our credit rating may also affect the trading price of any Notes we have issued.  
Due to our global operations, our net sales, costs and results of operations, as well as the U.S. dollar value of our 
dividends and market price of our American Depositary Shares ("ADSs"), are affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations. 
We operate globally and are therefore exposed to foreign exchange risks in the form of both transaction risks and 
translation risks. Our policy is to monitor and hedge exchange rate exposure, and we manage our operations to 
mitigate, but not to eliminate, the impacts of exchange rate fluctuations. Our hedging activities may prove 
unsuccessful in mitigating the potentially negative impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Additionally, significant 
volatility in the relevant exchange rates and interest rates may increase our hedging costs, as well as limit our 
ability to hedge our exchange rate exposure. In particular, we may not adequately hedge against unfavourable 
exchange rate movements, including those of certain emerging market currencies. Furthermore, exchange rate 
fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our net sales, costs and results of operations, as well as our competitive 
position, through their impact on our customers, suppliers and competitors. This could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our obligations under the Notes, whether payment-related or otherwise.  
We also experience other financial market-related risks, including changes in interest rates and in prices of 
marketable securities that we own. We may use derivative financial instruments to reduce certain of these risks. 
If our strategies to reduce such risks are not successful, our financial condition and results of operation and, 
consequently, our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes, may be harmed.  
Additionally, exchange rate fluctuations may materially affect the U.S. dollar value of any dividends or other 
distributions that are paid in euro, as well as the market price of our ADSs. 
We are exposed to pension and post-employment cost-related risks and we may be unsuccessful in our ability to 
avoid or control costs resulting from a need for increased funding. 
We are exposed to various employee cost-related risks, including those related to pension, and post-employment 
healthcare and life insurance cost-related risks. In the U.S., we maintain significant employee pension benefit 
plans and a significant retiree welfare benefit plan (providing post-employment healthcare benefits and post-
employment life insurance coverage). Outside the U.S., we contribute to pension schemes for large numbers of 
current and former employees. The U.S. and non-U.S. plans and schemes have funding requirements that depend 
on, among other things, various legal requirements, how assets set aside to pay for those obligations are invested, 
the performance of financial markets, interest rates, assumptions regarding the life expectancy of covered 
employees and retirees, and medical cost inflation and medical care utilisation. To the extent that any of those 
variables change, the funding required for those plans/schemes may increase, and we may be unsuccessful in our 
ability to avoid or control costs resulting from such increased funding requirements.  
With respect to our pension and post-employment obligations, we face the following risks, among others: 

financial market performance and volatility in asset values and discount rates affect the funded status of 
our pension obligations and could increase funding requirements, including legally required minimum 
contributions; 

our pension plan participants and post-employment health plan participants may live longer than has been 
assumed, which would result in an increase in our benefit obligations. We cannot be certain that the

--- Page 44 ---
32 
longevity of the participants in our pension plans or retiree healthcare plan will not exceed that indicated 
by the mortality tables we currently use or that future updates to those tables will not reflect materially 
longer life expectancies; 

we currently fund, and expect to be able to continue to fund, our U.S. post-employment healthcare and 
group life insurance costs for our formerly represented retirees with excess pension assets in our (U.S.) 
formerly represented pension plan, as permitted under Section 420 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. A 
deterioration in the funded status of that pension plan could negatively affect our ability to continue making 
Section 420 transfers. Section 420 is currently set to expire in 2025; and 

we currently provide post-employment group life insurance coverage for a closed group of former non-
represented employees who meet stated age and service criteria. This benefit obligation is largely insured 
through an experience-rated group life insurance policy issued by a reputable insurer, the premiums for 
which are paid from a voluntary employees' beneficiary association (veba) trust. Based on current actuarial 
and return-on-asset assumptions and the present level and structure of this group life insurance obligation, 
we believe that we can continue to fund the premiums for this policy from this trust for several more years. 
Once the trust's assets are depleted, however, Nokia will bear the annual premium cost associated with this 
benefit. Although we expect to be able, in the future, to fund this cost from excess pension assets in our 
(U.S.) non-represented pension plan, under Section 420 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the level of 
excess pension assets in that plan in any given year may be insufficient to cover the annual premium cost. 
As noted, Section 420 is currently set to expire in 2025.  
If the risks described above in connection with pension and post-employment costs materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
The carrying amount of our goodwill may not be recoverable.  
We assess the carrying amount of goodwill annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that such carrying amount may not be recoverable. We assess the carrying amount of other identifiable 
assets if events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If we do 
not generate revenues from our businesses as anticipated, our businesses may not generate sufficient positive 
operating cash flows. This, or other factors, may lead to a decrease in the value of our assets, including intangible 
assets and the goodwill attributed to our businesses, resulting in impairment charges that may adversely affect our 
net profit for the year. While we believe the estimated recoverable values are reasonable, actual performance in 
the short- and long-term and our assumptions on which we base our calculations could materially differ from our 
forecasts, which could impact future estimates of our businesses' recoverable values, and may result in impairment 
charges. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which 
could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features:   
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 9, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances set out therein, have the right to redeem 
the Notes prior to their maturity date. An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value 
because, during any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate (or through taking on a greater credit risk). As this would shorten the length of investment, potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risks in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 45 ---
33 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. Depending on the 
Notes issued, a potential investor will need to consider the risk related to investing in a fixed or floating instrument.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. If Notes are issued at a substantial discount 
or premium, potential investors should consider that the price of their investment may be more volatile.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", including LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR and 
NIBOR, are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully 
predicted which introduce a number of risks and could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark". These risks include (i) legal risks arising from potential changes required to 
documentation for new and existing transactions; (ii) financial risks arising from any changes in the valuation of 
financial instruments linked to benchmark rates; (iii) pricing risks arising from how changes to benchmark indices 
could impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments; (iv) operational risks arising from the potential 
requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting infrastructure and operational processes; and (v) conduct risks 
arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and engagement during the transition period.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation"), among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". A 
Benchmark could also be discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark administrator to be authorised or 
registered (or, if based outside the European Union or United Kingdom, as applicable, to be deemed equivalent 
or recognised or otherwise endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation or loss of 
representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings published by IBA, the administrator of LIBOR.

--- Page 46 ---
34 
Publication of these settings will permanently cease immediately after 31 December 2021, other than in the case 
of certain U.S. dollar LIBOR settings, which will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.  
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, published a 
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA announcement"). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). Permanent cessation will occur 
immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese 
Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings, and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings 
will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the working group on euro risk free-rates for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
These factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing (in whole or in part) a "benchmark". 
The replacement benchmarks, and the timing of and mechanisms for implementation have not yet been confirmed 
by Central Banks. Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such 
changes would affect the Group. However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Reference 
Rate and/or any page on which a Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable 
or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) otherwise occurs. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), 
with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). An 
Adjustment Spread could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to investors arising out of the replacement of a Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or 
apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be 
effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in 
any Notes linked to or referencing a Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.

--- Page 47 ---
35 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments there is a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any national 
or international reforms and the possible application pf the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".   
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:   
Modification and waivers 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, decisions 
might be taken by the holders of such defined majorities of the Notes that are contrary to the preferences of any 
particular investor in the Notes or with which some holders of such Notes may not agree. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders of the Notes should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:   
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes and an investment by holders. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency

--- Page 48 ---
36 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. The trading price of an investment in the Notes will vary with the 
fluctuations of the interest rates. If an investor in the Notes tries to sell such investment, then they might receive 
an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK-registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, 
as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country credit ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity on any 
secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. An investor must understand any limitation on its investment 
activities prior to investing in the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
37 
FINAL TERMS, DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
In this section, the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
from time to time, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information, 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus, and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes, will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche of Notes only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are 
the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise. 
In the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus and whose inclusion or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and/or the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with such Notes and any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin or approved by the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:   
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements and auditor's report of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019, which form part of the Issuer's annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 and which can be found at pages 121 to 194 (inclusive) and pages 214 to 218 (inclusive), 
respectively, 
of 
such 
annual 
accounts 
(https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2020-
03/Nokia%20in%202019%20annual%20report_1.pdf); 
(b)  
the audited consolidated annual financial statements and auditor's report of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020, which form part of the Issuer's annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 and which can be found at pages 120 to 192 (inclusive) and pages 212 to 215 (inclusive), 
respectively, 
of 
such 
annual 
accounts 
(https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2021-
03/Nokia_Annual_Report_2020_English.pdf); 
(c)  
the unaudited recast comparative segment results of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, reflecting Nokia's new financial reporting structure and which can be found in the stock exchange 
release published by Nokia on 11 March 2021; 
(d)  
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer, which form part of the Issuer's 
financial report for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and which can be found at pages 17 to 38 
(inclusive) 
of 
such 
financial 
report 
(https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2021-
04/nokia_results_2021_q1.pdf); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 41 to 63 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 21 February 2017, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2018-11/Base_Prospectus_dated_21_February_2017.pdf); 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 39 to 61 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 March 2019, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2019-03/Nokia%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%2C%20dated%201%20March%202019.pdf); and
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 44 to 68 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 March 2020, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2020-
03/Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2027%20March%202020.pdf). 
The financial statements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above are prepared on the basis of International 
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and in conformity with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. The same accounting policies and 
methods of computation are followed in the financial statements referred to in paragraph (b) above as were 
followed in the financial statements referred to in paragraph (a) above other than as described within the notes to 
the financial statements and in "Certain Definitions and Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information―Changes in Accounting Standards" above. 
In addition to information on our reported IFRS results, we provide certain information on a non-IFRS, or 
underlying business performance, basis. Non-IFRS results exclude costs related to the Acquisition of Alcatel-
Lucent and related integration, goodwill impairment charges, intangible asset amortisation and other purchase 
price fair value adjustments, restructuring and associated charges, and certain other items that may not be 
indicative of Nokia's underlying business performance. We report our segment operating profit on a non-IFRS 
basis, therefore non-IFRS exclusions are reported only at the Nokia consolidated level. We believe that our non-
IFRS results provide meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors regarding Nokia's 
underlying business performance by excluding the items that may not be indicative of Nokia's business operating 
results. These non-IFRS financial measures should not be viewed in isolation or as substitutes to the equivalent 
IFRS measure(s), but should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS measure(s) in the

--- Page 51 ---
39 
reported results. See "Forward Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" for a more complete discussion of certain 
of the factors that could affect our future performance and results of operations. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Where only certain parts of the documents referred to 
above are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, those parts of the documents that are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. Other than information and documents that are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein, the above websites shall not form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
or website of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in London. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
40 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA 
C 
Rules") 
or 
United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes 
do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:   
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,  
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Notes"):   
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events 
of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 53 ---
41 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:   
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events 
of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 54 ---
42 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Bearer Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect:   
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code". 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note which is not intended to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. Each Global Registered Note which 
is intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will, on or 
about the relevant issue date, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (which is authorised to hold such 
Notes as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations) and be deposited with 
a nominee for such clearing system and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with 
its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will 
at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates:   
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Note", 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events 
of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against 
the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and 
registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against 
such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms relating to the relevant Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
43 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 56 ---
44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" 
below. 
1.
Introduction
(a) 
Programme:  Nokia Corporation (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
"Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms 
(each a "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 6 July 2021 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal 
Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar"), and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
transfer agent named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 27 March 2020 
(as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") entered into 
by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered 
office of the Issuer and of the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this 
Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of 
the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2.
Interpretation
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:   
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
45 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means:   
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:   
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means 
that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided, however, that:   
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar 
month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" means, in respect of any calculation of interest, the period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any Calculation Period, such 
day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 58 ---
46 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:   
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:   
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means (A) in respect of the 2000 ISDA Definitions, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day 
of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to 
a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and (B) in respect of the 2006 ISDA Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:   
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
X
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
X
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:   
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 59 ---
47 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means (A) in respect of the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the date of final maturity is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); and (B) in respect of the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:   
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
X
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
X
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:   
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:   
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
X
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
X
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:   
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate;

--- Page 60 ---
48 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro inter-bank offered rate; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards formulated by the International Accounting 
Standards Board; 
"Indebtedness" means (without double counting) any indebtedness in respect of:   
(i) 
moneys borrowed or raised; 
(ii) 
any debenture, bond, note, loan stock, commercial paper or similar instrument; 
(iii) 
any acceptance credit, bill discounting, note purchase or documentary credit facility; 
(iv) 
any payment obligations under any leases which would in accordance with IFRS be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(v) 
any receivables purchase, factoring or discounting arrangement under which there is recourse in 
whole or in part to any member of the Group; 
(vi) 
any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing and which would, in accordance 
with IFRS, be treated as a borrowing; or 
(vii) any guarantees or other legally binding assurance against financial loss in respect of the indebtedness 
of any person arising under an obligation falling within paragraphs (i) to (vi) above; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:   
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 61 ---
49 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"Intra-Group Debt" means any indebtedness owed by a member of the Group to another member of the 
Group; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means the London inter-bank offered rate; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
"Non-recourse Securitisation" means any securitisation, asset backed financing or similar transaction 
under which a Securitisation Entity on commercially reasonable terms:   
(i) 
acquires receivables or other assets for principally cash consideration or uses existing receivables or 
other assets; 
(ii) 
issues any notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities (whether or not listed on a 
recognised stock exchange) to fund the purchase of or otherwise backed by those receivables or 
other assets and/or any shares or other interests referred to in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
"Permitted Security Interest" and the payment obligations in respect of such notes, bonds, 
commercial paper, loans or other securities:   
(a) 
are secured directly on those receivables or other assets; and 
(b) 
are not guaranteed by any member of the Group (other than as a result of any Permitted 
Security Interest); 
"Non-recourse Securitisation Debt" means any Indebtedness incurred by a Securitisation Entity pursuant 
to a securitisation of receivables or other assets where the recourse in respect of that Indebtedness to any 
member of the Group (other than the Securitisation Entity) is limited to:   
(i) 
those receivables and/or other assets; and 
(ii) 
if those receivables or other assets comprise all or substantially all of the business of such 
Securitisation Entity, the shares or other interests of any member(s) of the Group in such 
Securitisation Entity; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination 
and Title — Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title — Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
50 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means:   
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:   
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:   
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest over:   
(i) 
the assets or revenues of a Securitisation Entity which are subject to a Non-recourse Securitisation 
as security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity in respect of 
such assets and revenues; and/or 
(ii) 
the shares or other interests owned by any member of the Group in any Securitisation Entity as 
security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity provided that the 
assets or revenues which are the subject of the relevant Non-recourse Securitisation comprise all or 
substantially all of the business of such Securitisation Entity; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:   
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net sales (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than ten per cent. of the consolidated net sales of the Group 
or the consolidated total assets of the Group, as the case may be, in each case:   
(i) 
as shown in the latest published audited or unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries; and

--- Page 63 ---
51 
(ii) 
adjusted to take account of any significant changes in circumstances resulting from any transfers 
between members of the Group or any acquisitions made by members of the Group since the date 
as at which such financial statements were prepared; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Regular Period" means:   
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the 
date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Securitisation Debt) which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) or held in a securities clearance system; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other

--- Page 64 ---
52 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal:   
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the 
amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date 
for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed 
or to be formed; 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(v) 
to amend this definition;  
"Securitisation Entity" means any special purpose vehicle created for the sole purpose of carrying out, or 
otherwise used for the purpose of carrying out, a Non-recourse Securitisation or any other member of the 
Group which is effecting Non-recourse Securitisations;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, assignment by way of security, pledge, lien or other 
security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a 
similar effect;  
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"):   
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
first Person; or 
(iii) 
which is a subsidiary of another subsidiary of the first Person;  
and, for these purposes, the second Person shall be treated as being controlled by the first Person if the first 
Person is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of directors or equivalent 
body;  
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons;  
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;

--- Page 65 ---
53 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and  
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation:  In these Conditions:   
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation — Definitions) to have the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement 
as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3.
Form, Denomination and Title
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. A certificate (each a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered 
Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means 
the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the 
case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to Conditions 3(i) (Form, Denomination and Title — Closed 
periods) and 3(j) (Form, Denomination and Title —  Regulations concerning transfers and registration) 
below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form 
of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount 
of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the 
subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Form, Denomination and Title — Transfers of Registered 
Notes), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as 
the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such 
relevant Holder. In this Condition 3(g), "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4.
Status of the Notes
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
5.
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness without 
(a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other 
security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a) 
Application:
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments — Bearer 
Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as

--- Page 67 ---
55 
well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments — Bearer 
Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7(b) 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination:  If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:   
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii)  
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of Condition 7(c)(i), such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of Condition 
7(c)(ii), fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:   
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the

--- Page 68 ---
56 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:   
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e)  
Linear Interpolation: If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest:  If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which 
any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by

--- Page 69 ---
57 
it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall publish the Interest Amount 
in relation to the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications etc.:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(k) 
Benchmark Replacement: In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the 
Issuer, in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(k); 
provided, however, that if subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
then the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 7(c); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-
paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
(as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(k); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, 
including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Day, Additional Business Centres, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If

--- Page 70 ---
58 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to this Condition 7(k). Noteholder consent shall not be required in connection 
with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if 
required); and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which 
shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and any consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(k): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(a) the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing to 
exist; or  
(b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i) above; or  
(c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate that the Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (d)(i) above;

--- Page 71 ---
59 
(e) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate that means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) above; or  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no longer 
representative or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (g)(i) above; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference 
rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
8.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of:   
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is five days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9.
Redemption and Purchase
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments — Bearer Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part:

--- Page 72 ---
60 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if:   
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:   
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option):  If the Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole):  If the Issuer Make-Whole is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:   
(i)  
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices); and  
(ii)  
not less than seven days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next sentence) and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a "Make-Whole Redemption Date")) redeem, in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior 
to their Maturity Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at 
the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or 
all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption 
may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have

--- Page 73 ---
61 
been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(d), the following expressions shall have the following meanings:   
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of:   
(i)  
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to 
maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call 
Commencement Date) (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) each such remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest 
being discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual 
basis (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-
Whole Redemption Margin; and 
 (ii)  any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the two quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer 
Quotation"). 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the two banks, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if the two 
reference dealers are not so specified, the two banks as selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. 
(CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(e) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)), as 
applicable, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) or Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-

--- Page 74 ---
62 
Whole)), as applicable, shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result 
of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option))) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem 
on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:  If the Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. Any conditions and/or circumstances that 
must be satisfied before an Investor Put can be exercised will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In 
order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(g), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(g), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(g), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 9(a) (Redemption and Purchase — Scheduled redemption) to 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase 
— Redemption at the option of Noteholders). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:   
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(k) 
Cancellation:  All Notes must be cancelled if they are redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 9(d)

--- Page 75 ---
63 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)) or purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase — Purchase) and, in each case, any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
10.
Payments — Bearer Notes
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments — Bearer Notes — Payments 
other than in respect of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) (Payments — Bearer Notes — Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:   
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:   
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant 
Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that
where this Condition 10(e)(ii)(A) would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due 
for payment.

--- Page 76 ---
64 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10(a) (Payments — 
Bearer Notes — Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Conditions 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase — 
Redemption for tax reasons),  9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Call Option)),  9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole)),  9(g) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) 
(Payments — Bearer Notes — Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and 
date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11.
Payments — Registered Notes
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
in respect of such payments.

--- Page 77 ---
65 
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due 
date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with 
this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount and date of such payment and, in the case 
of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, endorse on the relevant Note Certificate a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each of 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV is open for business. Where payment 
in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as 
the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12.
Taxation
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Note or Coupon:   
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day.  
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13.
Events of Default
If any of the following events occur:   
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days of 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 
fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof;  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 78 ---
66 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration:   
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-recourse Securitisation 
Debt or Intra-Group Debt) is not paid when due (taking into account grace periods and extensions, 
if any) or any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-recourse 
Securitisation Debt or Intra-Group Debt) is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable 
prior to its specified maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever 
described); and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Indebtedness referred to in Condition 13(c)(i) exceeds EUR 125,000,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies;  
(d) 
Security enforced:  a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or a significant part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of 
its Principal Subsidiaries;  
(e) 
Insolvency etc.:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or 
the whole or a significant part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes 
a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness;  
(f) 
Winding up etc.:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in Conditions 13(d) (Events of Default — Security enforced) to 13(f) 
(Events of Default — Winding up etc.), 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without 
further action or formality. 
14.
Prescription
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the 
relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15.
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes 
(and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular 
place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
16.
Agents
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 79 ---
67 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:   
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a registrar;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular 
place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17.
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including 
by way of conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less 
than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting 
convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, 
two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not 
less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to 
any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest 
error or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19.
Notices
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20.
Currency Indemnity

--- Page 80 ---
68 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of 
(a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other 
tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or 
in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
21.
Rounding
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (ii) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (iii) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (iv) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
22.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England:  Condition 22(b) (English courts) is for the 
benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 prevents any Noteholder from 
taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent:  Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer 
irrevocably agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be 
served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Nokia UK Limited as its 
agent at 740, Waterside Drive, Aztec West Business Park, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4UF, United 
Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom at which process may be served on it. The Issuer agrees that failure by an agent for service of 
process to notify it will not invalidate the proceedings concerned. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing 
in this Condition 22(e) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 81 ---
69 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended, the "SFA") - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
"prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as

--- Page 82 ---
70 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]1
Final Terms dated [                  ] 
NOKIA CORPORATION 
Issue of [       ][      ]  
under the EUR 5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [ ] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement[s] to it].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [21 February 2017/1 March 2019/27 March 2020] [and the supplemental 
prospectus dated [ ]] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2021 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated 
[21 February 2017/1 March 2019/27 March 2020] [and the supplement[s] to it]]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplemental prospectus] [is] [are] available on [the website of Euronext Dublin http://www.ise.ie/Market-Data-
Announcements/Debt/Individual-Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-Security-
Documents/?progID=750&uID=5437&FIELDSORT=docId] and for viewing during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer at Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland. 
1 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
1. 
(i)
Issuer:  
Nokia Corporation
2. 
(i)
Series Number:  
[              ]
(ii)
Tranche Number:  
[              ]
[(iii)  Date on which Notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single series:  ] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[
] on [          ]/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [      ]] 
3. 
Specified Currency:  
[              ]
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[(i)
Series: ]
[              ]
[(ii)
Tranche:  ]
[              ]

--- Page 83 ---
71 
5. 
Issue Price:   
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [         ]]
6. 
(i)  
Specified Denominations:   
[            ] subject to a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in 
any other currency
(ii)
Calculation Amount:  
[            ]
7. 
(i)
Issue Date:  
[            ]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:  
[[           ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8. 
Maturity Date:  
[[           ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [
]]
9. 
Interest Basis:   
[[          ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[●] month 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR]]  
+/ – [        ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:   
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at par
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:   
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer  Make-Whole] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[See paragraph [18/19/20/21] below]
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes obtained:  [               ] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:   
[       ] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date]
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):   
[       ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [adjusted in accordance with 
[
]/not adjusted]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):   
[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [       ] 
[Not Applicable]
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:   
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360(ISDA)]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Specified Period:  
[           ]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:  
[           ]
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date:  
[           ]
(iv) 
Business Day Convention:  
[FRN Convention/Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar Convention /Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/No Adjustment]
(v)
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[
]
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 84 ---
72 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent):  
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent]
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
Reference Rate:  
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR]
•
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[
]
•
Relevant Screen Page:  
[
]
•
Relevant Time:  
[
]
•
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[
]
(ix) 
ISDA Determination:   
ISDA 2006 Definitions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
•
Floating Rate Option:  
[           ]
•
Designated Maturity:  
[           ]
• 
Reset Date:   
[           ] 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time)
(x)  
Linear Interpolation:   
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(xi)
Margin(s):  
[+/–][        ] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[        ] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:   
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)]
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Accrual Yield:  
[        ] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:  
[        ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis/30E/360(ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call):  
[           ]
(ii) 
Optional Redemption  Amount(s) (Call) of 
each Note: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount  
[in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [ ]]/[in the period (the Par 
Call Period) from and including [insert date] 
(the Par Call Period Commencement Date) to 
but excluding [date]] [and [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[           ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount
[           ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:  
[ 
]
18. 
Issuer Make-Whole 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and Make-Whole 
[           ][Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
73 
Redemption Amount (if other than set out in 
Condition 9(d)):  
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:  
[           ]
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes of calculating 
sum of the present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on Redeemed Notes in the determination of 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount:  
[Annual/Semi-Annual] 
(iv) 
Reference Security:  
[           ][Not Applicable]
(v) 
Reference Dealers:  
[           ][Not Applicable]
(vi) 
Quotation Agent:  
[           ][Not Applicable]
(vii)
If redeemable in part:  
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[           ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption Amount
[           ] per Calculation Amount
19. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Notice period:
[•]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[•] per Calculation Amount
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[           ]
(ii)
Optional Redemption
[           ] per Calculation Amount
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note:  
(iii)
Notice period:  
[           ]
21.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[           ] per Calculation Amount
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early redemption:  
[Not Applicable/[           ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE 
NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes:   
Bearer Notes:  [Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[    ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [    ] days' notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [    ] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]  
[The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]."] 
Registered Notes:  [Global Registered Note 
[U.S.$/Euro [●] nominal amount registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that 
is held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS))]
24. 
New Global Note:  
[Yes]/[No]
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[           ]]

--- Page 86 ---
74 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[                         ] has been extracted from [                         ]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [                         ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable.]
Signed on behalf of Nokia Corporation:   
By:    
Duly authorised  
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):  
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 87 ---
75 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION
1. 
LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading and listing:   
[[Application has been made/Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer] (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin's regulated market with 
effect from [         ].] 
[[Application has been made/Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer] (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [         ].]
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:   
[           ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:   
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]]:   
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
[Moody's Italia S.r.l.: [•]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited:  [•]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.]
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealers/Managers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.]/[Not Applicable.] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS/REASONS FOR THE OFFER
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes]  
[Other (set out use of proceeds here)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield:   
[           ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN:  
[           ]
(ii)
Common Code:  
[           ]
(iii)
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(iv)
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National

--- Page 88 ---
76 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[           ]
(vi)
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):   
(vii)
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:   
[           ] 
[Yes] [Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No] [Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Dealers:
[Not applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer:
[Not applicable/give names]
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:    
[Reg. S Category 2]  
(In the case of Bearer Notes)  
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] (In the case of Registered Notes)  
[Not Applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where the Notes clearly do not           
constitute "packaged" products in the EEA, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.]

--- Page 89 ---
77 
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.]

--- Page 90 ---
78 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note 
is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on 
behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary 
or a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper (or its 
nominee). 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. 
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure:   
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note 
in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If:   
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of 
an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or

--- Page 91 ---
79 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above), and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.  In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a "Global Note exchangeable 
to Definitive Notes" in circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Note, such 
Notes may only be issued in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one 
Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If:   
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above), and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 92 ---
80 
Exchange of Global Registered Notes 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global 
Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note 
Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual 
Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender 
of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes 
scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed 
in connection with such exchange. 
If:   
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above), and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions:   
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective 
to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of a NGN the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of investor put:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase 
— Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global 
Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put 
notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of Issuer call or Issuer make-whole:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 
9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)) in relation to some only 
of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal

--- Page 93 ---
81 
amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.

--- Page 94 ---
82 
DESCRIPTION OF NOKIA 
Company Overview 
Nokia creates technology that helps the world act together. As a trusted partner for critical networks, we are 
committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Nokia's customers 
include communications service providers whose combined networks support approximately 6.6 billion 
subscriptions, as well as enterprises in the private and public sector that use our network portfolio to increase 
productivity and enrich lives. 
Through Nokia's research teams, including the world-renowned Nokia Bell Labs, Nokia aims to lead in adopting  
networks that are faster, more secure and capable of revolutionising lives, economies and societies. Nokia adheres 
to the highest ethical business standards as Nokia creates technology with social purpose, quality and integrity. 
We maintain listings on three major securities exchanges. The listing venues for our shares are Nasdaq Helsinki 
and Euronext Paris, in the form of shares, and the New York Stock Exchange, in the form of American Depositary 
Shares. 
We are a public limited liability company, which is incorporated under the laws of Finland with registration 
number 0112038-9. We were incorporated on 19 December 1896. Our principal executive office is located at 
Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland and our telephone number is +358 (0) 10 44 88 000.
Business Overview 
In 2020, Nokia had three reportable segments: (1) Networks, (2) Nokia Software and (3) Nokia Technologies. 
Nokia provided net sales disclosure for the following businesses within Networks reportable segment: (i) Mobile 
Access, (ii) Fixed Access, (iii) IP Routing and (iv) Optical Networks.  
On 29 October 2020, Nokia announced the first phase of its new strategy, outlining a new operating model 
designed to better position Nokia for changing markets and align with customer needs. On 1 January 2021, Nokia 
adopted the new operating model, which includes four reportable segments: (1) Mobile Networks, (2) Network 
Infrastructure, (3) Cloud and Network Services and (4) Nokia Technologies. The new operating model is 
optimised for better accountability and transparency, increased simplicity and improved cost-efficiency. In 
addition, Nokia will continue to disclose segment level information for Group Common and Other. 
Within the new Network Infrastructure reportable segment, Nokia intends to provide net sales disclosure for the 
following businesses: (i) Fixed Networks, (ii) IP Networks, (iii) Optical Networks and (iv) Submarine Networks. 
Nokia also intends to continue providing separate net sales disclosure for its different customer types: (1) 
Communication Service Providers, (2) Enterprises and (3) Licensees. Net sales by region are provided at the 
Nokia level.   
Acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent 
Combining Nokia with Alcatel-Lucent brings together the complementary capabilities of both companies with an 
end-to-end portfolio of software, services and products, which will be weighted towards next-generation 
technologies enabling Nokia to provide better solutions to customers and access new opportunities in an expanded, 
addressable market. Alcatel-Lucent provided us with the opportunity to cross-sell and upsell our expanded 
portfolio, and better leverage our global sales channel. From a geographic perspective, we gained a stronger 
position in many regions. In North America we have significantly increased our market share; in China we are 
one of the largest vendors headquartered outside the country; and in Europe, Latin America and the Middle East 
and Africa we have roughly doubled our size. 
The acquisition has given us a total of more than 40,000 research scientists and engineers focused on inventing 
and deploying technologies that are shaping the future of the connected world: 5G, Cloud-based networks, IP 
routing, optical fibre transport and data analytics. Our combined R&D spend supports near and longer term 
scientific research at Nokia Bell Labs — building a strong platform for putting us ahead of the competition.

--- Page 95 ---
83 
Sale of the HERE Business 
The HERE digital mapping and location services business, an arena we entered in 2006, was a pillar of our 
operational performance. But in 2015, the Nokia Board of Directors (the "Board") held a strategic review of the 
business in light of plans to purchase Alcatel-Lucent. The result of that meeting led us to selling the HERE 
business in a deal agreed with the Consortium valued at EUR 2.8 billion. 
The deal was announced on 3 August 2015 and closed on 4 December 2015. 
Recent developments
On the Capital Markets Day on 18 March 2021, Nokia provided deep insights into long-term key market trends, 
including detailed plans for each of its business segments and its financial outlook, as set out below in "Nokia's 
strategy". 
On 8 April 2021, Nokia's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") took place at Nokia's headquarters in Espoo under 
special arrangements due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The AGM resolved, among other things, (i) that no 
dividend is paid for the financial year 2020, (ii) to re-elect Deloitte Oy as the auditor for Nokia for the financial 
year 2022, (iii) to authorise the Board to issue a maximum of 550 million shares through issuance of shares or 
special rights entitling to shares in one or more issues, (iv) to authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase a 
maximum of 550 million Nokia shares, and (v) to elect eight members to the Board. The following members of 
the Board were re-elected for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting: Sari Baldauf, 
Bruce Brown, Thomas Dannenfeldt, Jeanette Horan, Edward Kozel, Søren Skou, Carla Smits-Nusteling and Kari 
Stadigh.  
On 8 April 2021, in an assembly meeting that took place after the AGM, the Board elected Sari Baldauf as Chair 
of the Board, and Kari Stadigh as Vice Chair of the Board. The Board also elected the members of the four Board 
committees. Carla Smits-Nusteling was elected as Chair and Thomas Dannenfeldt, Jeanette Horan and Edward 
Kozel as members of the Audit Committee. Bruce Brown was elected as Chair and Sari Baldauf, Søren Skou and 
Kari Stadigh as members of the Personnel Committee. Kari Stadigh was elected as Chair and Sari Baldauf, Bruce 
Brown and Carla Smits-Nusteling as members of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. Edward 
Kozel was elected as Chair and Bruce Brown, Thomas Dannenfeldt and Jeanette Horan as members of the 
Technology Committee. 
Nokia's strategy
2020 was the year businesses realised that the old adage of "things must change to remain the same" has never 
been more true. Companies that had done the most to modernise their operations were those best equipped to deal 
with the disruption. The pandemic accelerated the need for widespread digitalisation and automation, leading to 
the increasing importance of critical networks – networks that combine flexibility with carrier-grade performance. 
We launched a strategic analysis into these industry trends, which found that value would increasingly move away 
from monolithic systems towards software, silicon and services with the importance of virtualisation, cloud-native 
architecture, and open interfaces becoming ever greater. It was clear to us that to support our customers through 
these changes and to better position Nokia for new opportunities we would also need to change. 
On 29 October 2020, Nokia announced it was embarking on a strategic review, aimed at renewing our strategy, 
announced on Capital Markets Day on 18 March 2021. On 16 December 2020, we shared further information 
about Nokia's strategic priorities and the market trends at the heart of our strategic beliefs going forward.  
Phase 1 of strategy review: high-level strategic principles and new operating model 
On 29 October 2020, Nokia announced the first phase of its new strategy, outlining high-level strategic 
observations alongside a new operating model designed to better position Nokia for changing markets and align 
with customer needs effective from 1 January 2021. Our industry is undergoing profound changes. Industrial 
automation and digitalisation are increasing customer demand for critical networks, with a trend towards open 
interfaces, virtualisation, and cloud native software. This will revolutionise how we design, deploy, manage and 
sell our products and solutions. Our strategy renewal will ensure we are well positioned to leverage these trends, 
improve our performance and position Nokia for long-term value creation. We announced that our strategy review 
had yielded four observations to further build on: 

first, that technology leadership will be the top priority;

--- Page 96 ---
84 

second, that Nokia's current customer base, consisting of telco operators and enterprises (including 
webscale companies), provides a solid platform for value creation; 

third, that there is a longer-term opportunity to move into higher-value "network-as-a-service" business 
models; and 

fourth, that end-to-end as a core strategic idea will be replaced with a more focused approach, with each 
of Nokia's new business groups having a distinct role in the overall strategy. 
We also announced that from 1 January 2021 Nokia will have four business groups: (i) Mobile Networks; (ii) 
Network Infrastructure (previously IP and Fixed Networks); (iii) Cloud and Network Services; and (iv) Nokia 
Technologies (each, as further described in "Nokia's Business Groups") structured around unique customer 
offerings, with ownership for becoming one of the technology and market leaders in their respective sector. They 
will also need to demonstrate a clear route for delivering shareholder value with return on capital employed as a 
key metric.  
Our goal is to better align with the needs of our customers, and through that increase accountability, reduce 
complexity and improve cost-efficiency. Going forward, we will have a more rigorous approach to capital 
allocation and will invest to win in those segments where we choose to compete. 
Phase 2 of strategy review: mid-point update on strategy and operating model 
On 16 December 2020, Nokia provided a mid-point update on its strategy and operating model. We announced 
that Nokia was aligning itself to deliver critical networks to Communication Service Providers ("CSPs"), 
enterprises and webscales. 
We synthesised our strategy analysis into six strategic beliefs: 
1.
Networks are playing an increasingly important role in society. This is allowing us to extend our focus 
to serving critical networks beyond CSPs. 
2.
Critical networks are built based on a best-of-breed approach with network elements selected on a best 
performance per Total Cost of Ownership basis. 
3.
Technology leadership underpins momentum and financial returns in critical networks. 
4.
Establishing technology leadership in some segments requires us to anticipate, shape and invest in the 
next technology window – where there is no path, we will reassess segment participation. 
5.
Gradually, value in critical networks is migrating away from monolithic systems towards silicon, 
software and service, and will be captured through different business models. 
6.
Sustained investment in long-term innovation provides us with a platform to take the long view. 
We are positioning Nokia to lead in a world facing big challenges: environmental issues, resource scarcity, 
inequality and stalling productivity. Technology will be an essential part of the solution, with an increase in critical 
networks, which will extend to all corners of society. 
Critical networks are advanced networks that run mission-critical services for companies and societies. They are 
becoming increasingly important and extending to all corners of society. This means that Nokia's addressable 
market for critical networks with CSPs, webscales and enterprises is also extending. To position ourselves for 
long-term success, we have defined three focus areas: 
1.
Secure technology leadership 
Customers will take a best-of-breed approach selecting network elements from multiple individual vendors who 
are able to offer the best performance per total cost of ownership. Nokia is aiming to be the technology leader in 
the areas it chooses to play in. We have a strong position in technologies that are important for critical networks, 
such as open and virtualised radio access networks and we are on course for a 100 per cent. cloud-native software 
portfolio.

--- Page 97 ---
85 
2.
Build cloud software and network services future 
We see value in critical networks gradually shifting from monolithic systems to silicon, software and services. 
This will increase the importance of cloud-native and open solutions and lead to more revenue being captured 
through different business models. We are well-positioned to be a trusted partner in the industry transition to 
software-led solutions and as-a-service delivery models, as demand for critical networks accelerates. Based on 
our leading Common Software Foundation, Nokia is a leader in cloud-native software including 5G Core, Digital 
Operations, Monetisation, Security, and Analytics/AI. We are the first to deploy a software portfolio this broad 
on any cloud, leveraging our modular technology framework. We are experienced in creating both carrier-grade 
performance networks and working with the world's most demanding webscales. We will continue building our 
capabilities in this area to ensure technology and market leadership. 
3.
Strengthen our long-term research and patent portfolio 
Continuing to strengthen Nokia's long-term research and global patent portfolio is a key element in securing 
technology leadership. We are aiming for leadership in all domains: innovation, product, patents, and 
standardisation. Committing to long-term investment in research and innovation will allow us to anticipate and 
capitalise on industry changes and position us at the front of the pack when new technology windows open. 
With these as focus areas we will invest in a best-of-breed portfolio. Our renewed operating model is designed to 
enable the delivery of our strategic ambitions, with a lean corporate center enabling fully accountable business 
groups. 
Phase 3 of strategy review – detailed business group strategies
The third phase of the strategy update, with detailed business group strategies, took place on Capital Markets Day 
on 18 March 2021. Nokia set out a three-phased approach to deliver on its targets for sustainable growth: Reset, 
Accelerate and Scale. 
First, an ongoing reset, with focus on securing technology leadership; implementing the new operating model to 
reduce complexity and increase accountability; securing full portfolio competitiveness in Mobile Networks; 
resetting its cost base; and renewing its ways of working. From 2022 onwards, Nokia will accelerate 
competitiveness and aim to grow margins through enhanced technology leadership, digitalisation of its own 
operations, automation and capturing emerging opportunities. Nokia then plans to scale up to drive growth in new 
use cases and business models including in enterprise and private wireless in order to grow faster than the market. 
A description of the group strategies is set out below in "Nokia's Business Groups". 
Nokia strongly believes that connectivity and technology will play a key role in helping to solve many future 
challenges. Its sustainability strategy is focused on areas it believes will have the greatest impact on sustainable 
development and on its business. Nokia is focusing on climate, integrity and culture to improve people's lives: 

Climate: Nokia has announced that it is targeting to reduce emissions by 50 per cent. across both its own 
operations and products in use between 2019 and 2030. Its new recalibrated Science Based Targets fulfil 
its commitment to align with a 1.5°C global warming scenario.

Integrity: Nokia has been recognised as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere 
institute and intends to continue to strengthen its position.  

Culture: Nokia wants to prioritise greater inclusion and diversity. As an example, it is targeting an 
increase of female hires in global external recruits. 
Debt Financing 
Nokia's debt financing strategy includes a focus on extending short maturities and maintaining smooth maturity 
breakdowns. Nokia aims to maintain access to both the European and U.S. debt markets. Nokia intends for Nokia 
Corporation to be the issuer for new bond issues.
Operational Governance and Leadership 
We have a strong and experienced leadership team that brings together leaders with many years of experience in 
telecommunications and technology, finance, sales and operations and various other business disciplines.

--- Page 98 ---
86 
The diversity of business backgrounds of the Nokia Group Leadership Team (the "Group Leadership Team") 
members has been integral to the transformation of Nokia into an industry and innovation leader in next-generation 
technology and services in recent years. 
The Group Leadership Team is responsible for the operative management of Nokia, including decisions 
concerning our strategy and the overall business portfolio. The Chair and members of the Group Leadership Team 
are appointed by the Board. The Group Leadership Team is chaired by the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
At present, our Group Leadership Team consists of 11 members, including the President and CEO, representing 
seven different nationalities and 27 per cent. of the members are female.  
Name 
Position  
Gender 
 Year of 
birth    
Nationality
On 
GLT   
since    
Pekka Lundmark
President and CEO
Male
1963
Finnish
2020
Nassib Abou-Khalil
Chief Legal Officer
Male
1972
Dutch
2019
Nishant Batra
Chief Strategy and Technology Officer
Male
1978
Indian
2021
Ricky Corker
Chief Customer Experience Officer 
Male
1967
Australian
2019
Federico Guillén
President of Network Infrastructure  
Male
1963
Spanish
2016
Jenni Lukander
President of Nokia Technologies
Female
1974
Finnish
2019
Raghav Sahgal
President of Cloud and Network Services 
Male
1962
American
2020
Melissa Schoeb
Chief Corporate Affairs Officer
Female
1968
American
2021
Tommi Uitto
President of Mobile Networks
Male
1969
Finnish
2019
Stephanie Werner-Dietz Chief People Officer
Female
1972
German
2020
Marco Wirén
Chief Financial Officer
Male
1966
Finnish
2020
The members of the Group Leadership Team as at the date of this Prospectus are set forth below.  
Pekka Lundmark, b. 1963
President and Chief Executive Officer of Nokia as of 1 August 2020. 
Master of Science, Department of Technical Physics, Helsinki 
University of Technology, Finland. 
President and CEO, Fortum Corporation 2015-2020. President and 
CEO, Konecranes Plc 2005–2015 and Group Executive Vice 
President 2004–2005. President and CEO, Hackman Oyj Abp 
2002–2004. Managing Partner, Startupfactory 2000–2002. Various 
executive positions at Nokia 1990–2000.  
Commissioner, 
Broadband 
Commission 
for 
Sustainable 
Development. Member of the Board, Climate Leadership Council. 
Member of the Board,  Research Institute of the Finnish Economy 
(ETLA) and Finnish Business and Policy Forum (EVA). 
International Member of the Academy, Royal Swedish Academy of 
Engineering Sciences (IVA). Member of the Board, Finnish 
Athletics Federation.  
Chairman of the Board, Confederation of Finnish Industries, 2019–
2020. Member of the Board, East Office of Finnish Industries, 
2009–2020. Chairman of the Board, Finnish Energy, 2016–2018.  
Nassib Abou-Khalil, b. 1972 
Chief Legal Officer. Group Leadership Team member since 2019. 
Joined Nokia in 2014.
Bachelor's Degree in Political Sciences and Civil Law (LL.L.) and 
Common Law (LL.B.) and Master of Law (LL.M) degrees from the 
University of Ottawa. 
Deputy Chief Legal Officer, Business, Nokia 2019. General 
Counsel, Customer Operations, Nokia  2016–2019. Head of Legal 
& compliance, MEA, Nokia 2014–2015. Head of Public Policy, 
Europe, Middle East & Africa, and General Counsel, Middle East

--- Page 99 ---
87 
& Africa, Yahoo!, 2010–2014. Regional Counsel, Middle East & 
Africa and India, GE Oil & Gas, 2007–2010. Regulatory Counsel, 
Etisalat, 2006–2007. Various legal counsel roles, TMF Netherlands 
2002–2006. Legal articling, Fasken Martineau 1999–2001. 
Nishant Batra, b. 1978 
Chief Strategy and Technology Officer, Group Leadership Team 
member since 2021. Joined Nokia in 2021. 
Master's degree in Business Administration from INSEAD, France, 
master's degree in Telecommunications and a master's degree in 
Computer Science from Southern Methodist University, United 
States, and a bachelor's degree in Computer Applications from Devi 
Ahilya University, India. 
EVP and Chief Technology Officer, Veoneer, 2018-2021. Head of 
Product 
Area 
Networks, Ericsson, 2016–2018. 
Head of 
Engagement Practices for India region, Ericsson, 2013–2015. VP 
and General Manager (KAM) MetroPCS (now TMUS), Ericsson, 
2011–2013. VP and CTO, Mid-Tier Customer Unit, and Young 
Advisor to CEO & President, Ericsson, 2010–2011. Director, 
Wireless Customer Solutions, Ericsson, 2009–2010. Product 
Manager, Long Term Evolution, Business Unit Networks, Ericsson, 
2008–2009. Business Development and Strategy Manager, 
Multimedia, Ericsson, 2007–2008. Account Manager, AT&T 
KAM, Region US and Canada Ericsson, 2006–2007. Senior 
Consultant to Verizon – Information Technology, Corpus, 2003–
2005. Consultant to Verizon – Information Technology, Corpus, 
2002–2003. Software Lead, Controlling Factor, 2001-2002. 
Ricky Corker, b. 1967 
Chief Customer Experience Officer (CCXO). Group Leadership 
Team member since 2019. Joined Nokia in 1993.
Bachelor's degree in Communications and Electronic Engineering 
from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia. 
Previously EVP and President of North America, Nokia 2011-2018. 
Head of APAC, Nokia Siemens Networks 2009-2011. Head of 
Sales, APAC, Nokia Siemens Networks 2009. Head of Asia North 
Region, Nokia Siemens Networks 2008-2009. Head of Hutchison 
Global Customer Business Team, Nokia Siemens Networks 2007-
2008. Vice President APAC, Nokia Networks 2005-2007. Lead 
Sales Director APAC, Nokia Networks 2004-2005. Account 
Director Telstra, Nokia Networks 2002-2003. Account Director 
Vodafone Australia and New Zealand, Sales Director Vodafone 
APAC Customer Business Team, Nokia Networks 2001-2002. 
Commercial Director Global Accounts British Telecom, Nokia 
Networks 2001. Held senior sales and marketing positions at Nokia 
1993-2001. 
Federico Guillén, b. 1963
President of Network Infrastructure. Group Leadership Team 
member since 2016. Joined Nokia in 2016.
Degree in Telecommunications Engineering, ETSIT at Universidad 
Politécnica de Madrid, Spain. Master's degree in Switching & 
Communication Architectures, ETSIT at Universidad Politécnica 
de Madrid, Spain. Master's Degree in International Management, 
ESC Lyon and Alcatel, France. 
President of Customer Operations, Europe, Middle East & Africa 
and Asia Pacific, Nokia, 2018–2020. President of Fixed Networks, 
Nokia, 2016–2018. President of Fixed Networks, Alcatel-Lucent,

--- Page 100 ---
88 
2013–2016. President and Chief Senior Officer of Alcatel-Lucent 
Spain and Global Account Manager Telefónica, Alcatel-Lucent, 
2009–2013. Vice President Sales of Vertical Market Sales in 
Western Europe, Alcatel-Lucent, 2009. Head of Regional Support 
Center, Fixed Access Division for South Europe, Middle East & 
Africa, India and Caribbean & Latin America, Alcatel-Lucent, 
2007–2009. President and Chief Senior Officer, Alcatel Mexico and 
Global Account Manager, Telmex, 2003–2007. Various R&D, 
portfolio and sales management positions with Telettra in Spain, 
and then with Alcatel in Spain, Belgium and the United States 
1989–2003. 
Jenni Lukander, b. 1974 
President of Nokia Technologies. Group Leadership Team member 
since 2019. Joined Nokia in 2007. 
Master of Laws, University of Helsinki, Finland.  
Senior Vice President, head of Patent Business, Nokia 2018 – 2019. 
Vice President, head of Patent Licensing, Nokia 2018. Vice 
President, head of Litigation and Competition Law, Nokia 2016 – 
2018. Director, head of Regulatory and Competition Law, Nokia 
2015 – 2016. Director, head of Competition Law, Nokia 2011 – 
2015 Senior Legal Counsel, Nokia 2007 – 2011. Visiting lawyer, 
Nokia 2001. Lawyer, Roschier Ltd. 1999 – 2007.  
Raghav Sahgal b. 1962 
President of Cloud and Network Services. Group Leadership Team 
member since 2020. Joined Nokia 2017. 
Master of Science in Computer Systems Management, University 
of Maryland, United States. Bachelor of Science in Computer 
Engineering, Tulane University, New Orleans, United States. 
Executive Business Certificate in General Management, Harvard 
University, United States. 
President of Nokia Enterprise, 2020. Senior Vice President, Nokia 
Software, 2017–2020. President, NICE Ltd. Asia Pacific and the 
Middle East, 2010–2017. Advisory Board Member, Orga Systems, 
2010–2014. Vice President, Communications Business Unit, Asia 
Pacific & Japan, Oracle, 2008–2010. Chief Business Officer, 
Comverse, 2005–2006. Executive Vice President, Asia Pacific, 
CSG, 2002–2005. Vice President, Software Products Group Asia 
Pacific, Lucent Technologies, 2000–2002.  
Melissa Schoeb, b. 1968
Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and member of the Group 
Leadership Team, since 2021. Joined Nokia in 2021. 
Bachelor of Arts in International Relations and Spanish, 1990. 
Previously Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Occidental, 2017 -
2021. Vice President, Communications and Public Affairs, 
Occidental, 2012–2017. Senior Director, Communications and 
Public Affairs, Occidental, 2007–2012. Senior Vice President and 
Senior Partner, General Manager, Fleishman Hillard (Southern 
California, US), 2002–2007. Director of Global Communications, 
Nortel Networks (Santa Clara, US) 2000–2002. Vice President, 
Technology, Fleishman Hillard (San Francisco, US), 1998–2000. 
Business Director, The VenCom Group Inc, (Chicago, US), 1995–
1997. Consultant, Gemini Consulting, London UK, Washington 
DC, US, 1991–1995.

--- Page 101 ---
89 
Tommi Uitto, b. 1969
President of Mobile Networks. Group Leadership Team member 
since 2019. Joined Nokia in 1996.
Master's degrees from the Helsinki University of Technology, 
Finland, and Michigan Technological University, U.S. 
Previously Senior Vice President, Global Product Sales, Mobile 
Networks, 2016 – 2018. Senior Vice President, Global MB Sales, 
Customer Operations, Nokia Networks, 2015 – 2016. Senior Vice 
President, West Europe, Customer Operations, Nokia Networks, 
2013 – 2015. Head of Radio Cluster (SVP), Mobile Broadband, 
Nokia Siemens Networks, 2012 – 2013. Head of Global LTE Radio 
Access Business Line (VP), Mobile Broadband, Nokia Siemens 
Networks, 2011 – 2012. Head of Quality, Mobile Broadband, 2012. 
Head of Product Management, Network Systems, Nokia Siemens 
Networks, 2010. Head of Product Management, Radio Access, 
Nokia Siemens Networks, 2009. Head of WCDMA/HSPA and 
Radio Platforms Product Management, Nokia Siemens Networks, 
2008. Head of WCDMA/HSPA Product Line Management, Nokia 
Siemens Networks, 2007. General Manager, Radio Controller 
Product Management, Nokia Networks 2005 – 2007. Director, 
Sales & Marketing (Lead Sales Director), France Telecom/Orange 
Nokia Networks, 2002 – 2005. Operations Director, Northeast 
Europe, Central & Eastern Europe and Middle East, Nokia 
Networks, 1999 – 2002.
Stephanie Werner-Dietz, b. 1972 
Chief Human Resources Officer. Group Leadership Team member 
since 2019. Joined Nokia in 1998.
Diploma in Applied business languages (Chinese) and International 
business studies from University of Applied Sciences, Bremen. 
Vice President, Global Center of Expertise, Germany, Nokia, 2018 
– 2019. VP, Business HR Head for Nokia Corporate Functions, 
Germany, Nokia, 2016 – 2018. Managing Director, International 
Management GmbH, Germany, Nokia, 2013 – 2017. Head of 
Business 
Human 
Resources 
for 
Chief 
Finance 
Officer/Organisation, Germany, Nokia, 2012 – 2015. Head of NSN 
Business Talent, Leadership & Organisation Development, 
Germany, NSN, 2011 – 2012. Head of Business Human Resources, 
Germany, Nokia Radio Access 2007 – 2011. Head of HR Emerging 
Markets, Romania, Nokia, 2007. Senior HR Manager, Strategic 
Projects, USA, Nokia, 2004 – 2006. HR Manager Global Platforms, 
Germany, Nokia, 2001 – 2004. HR Country Manager Philippines, 
Philippines, Nokia, 1999 – 2001. HR Manager Nokia Networks for 
Switzerland, Nokia, 1998 – 1999. 
Marco Wirén, b. 1966
Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Group Leadership Team member 
since 2020. Joined Nokia in 2020.  
Master's degree in Business Administration, University of Uppsala. 
Studies in management and strategic leadership, including at Duke 
Business School, IMD, and Stockholm School of Economics. 
President, Wärtsilä Energy and Executive Vice President, Wärtsilä 
Group, 2018–2020. Executive Vice President and CFO, Wärtsilä 
Group, 2013–2018. Executive Vice President and CFO, SSAB 
Group, 2008–2013. Vice President, Business Control, SSAB 
Group, 2007–2008.  CFO, Eltel Networks, 2006–2007. Vice 
President of Business development, Eltel Networks, 2004–2005. 
Head of Service Division, Eltel Networks, 2003–2004. Vice

--- Page 102 ---
90 
President, Corporate Development, Eltel Networks, 2002–2003. 
Vice President, Strategy & Business Development, NCC Group, 
1999–2002. Head of Strategic Planning, NCC Group, 1998–1999. 
Group Controller, NCC Group, 1996–1998. 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit 
Committee, Neste Corporation.  
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland. There are no 
conflicts of interest between any duties to Nokia of the members of the current Leadership Team and their private 
interests or duties. 
Nokia believes it has a strong culture and commitment to disciplined execution. As of 31 December 2020, Nokia 
employed approximately 95,000 employees globally, representing over 160 nationalities in approximately 120 
countries. More than a third of the employees worked within our research and development department.
Nokia's Business Groups 
We announced that from 1 January 2021 Nokia will have four business groups structured around unique customer 
offerings, with ownership for becoming one of the technology and market leaders in their respective sector. They 
will also need to demonstrate a clear route for delivering shareholder value with return on capital employed as a 
key metric.  
Our goal is to better align with the needs of our customers, and through that increase accountability, reduce 
complexity and improve cost-efficiency. Going forward, we will have a more rigorous approach to capital 
allocation and will invest to win in those segments where we choose to compete. 
The new business groups are:  
Mobile Networks 
Mobile Networks is a technology leader in 5G/NR, Single RAN (2G/3G/4G/5G) and MWR (Microwave Radio) 
and our goal is to provide the best value to our customers as they evolve their networks. We continue to develop 
our 5G/NR portfolio according to the latest 3GPP specifications and have declared more than 3,500 patent families 
as essential for 5G. We are proud of the number of industry firsts that we have achieved, for example, the world's 
first automated 4G/5G network spanning RAN, transport and core domains. We are also actively driving adoption 
of open and virtualised radio access networks (O-RAN and vRAN).  
We anticipate a strong appetite for 5G across mobile markets and we are working with all of the major operators 
in the world's most advanced markets, including the US, South Korea and Japan. We are also providing 5G 
technology in China. 
We have a large global installed base in 2G/3G/4G that is providing us with the platform for success in 5G. We 
have more than 360 customers in 4G/LTE and a robust AirScale platform for Single RAN, which can be upgraded 
from 4G/LTE to 5G/NR. We built our AirScale portfolio and small cells, software and microwave transport 
solutions to work across all generations of technology and all relevant spectrum bands for efficient, simplified 
and optimised sites for our customers. In addition to RAN and MWR products, the Mobile Networks group 
provides associated network management solutions as well as network planning, network optimisation, network 
deployment and technical support services.
Network Infrastructure  
Network Infrastructure's focus is on the building blocks and essential solutions of critical networks, driving 
digitalisation across all industries. The networks we support serve consumers, enterprises and webscales, and also 
provide applications and services to established telecoms operators and new players. Over 1,500 enterprises rely 
on us for their network infrastructure.   
Combining four divisions, Network Infrastructure intends to deliver technology leadership in every part of Nokia's 
business: Fixed Networks, which provides fibre, fixed wireless access, and copper technologies; IP Networks, 
which provides IP networks and services for residential, mobile, enterprise and cloud applications; Optical

--- Page 103 ---
91 
Networks, which provides optical transport networks for metro, regional, longhaul and ultra-longhaul 
applications; and Alcatel Submarine Networks, which offers undersea cable transmission. 
Fixed Networks is a global leader in the fast-growing fibre access and the established copper segments, with over 
a hundred million passive optical network access connections shipped to date.  The team is also an emerging 
leader in the fixed wireless access segment. 
IP Networks is a global leader in IP routing networks and services and has shipped more than a million routers.  
Nokia's IP routing portfolio offers solutions to meet the latest requirements for access, aggregation, edge, and IP 
core network applications.  
Optical Networks is a leader in optical transport networks for metro, regional, longhaul and ultra-longhaul 
applications. Our optical network portfolio helps network operators build smarter, more automated transport 
networks for streamlined service delivery and lower network total cost of ownership. 
Alcatel Submarine Networks provides undersea cable transmission for service providers and the largest cloud 
providers.  Its business includes optical dry and wet equipment, power feeding, cables and installation services 
(including marine operations). Nokia is a leader in submarine networks, which is seeing strong demand driven by 
webscale customers. 
Cloud and Network Services 
The Cloud and Network Services operating segment is built around software and the cloud. It is focused on driving 
leadership in cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models as demand for critical networks accelerates. 
In addition, it has strong market positions in communications software, private wireless networks, and cognitive  
services. 
The Cloud and Network Services portfolio encompasses Business Applications covering areas such as security 
and digital operations; Core Network Solutions, including both voice and packet core; Cloud and Cognitive 
Services including managed services; and Enterprise Solutions covering private wireless and industrial 
automation. 
The Business Applications unit enables CSPs to unlock value from their network investments through multi-
vendor, multi-cloud and SaaS deployment models.  It helps CSPs to automate their operations, protect networks, 
devices and data, and monetise new, dynamic and personalised services. 
The Core Networks unit's mission is to be the market leader in providing mobile and fixed Core solutions for data, 
voice and subscriber management across all technology generations, with a focus on 5G and 5G Standalone Core. 
This unit supplies highly-automated cloud-native solutions and also pioneers Software as-a-Service, and Network 
as-a-Service delivery and business models, which will create new value for CSP and enterprise customers. 
The Cloud and Cognitive Services unit delivers transition to multi-cloud, O-RAN network operations by injecting 
automation, cognitive, security and cloud capabilities. This enables the telecom industry to transform to 
consumption-based models, it allows customers to launch new services quickly and we believe it helps to build 
the capabilities needed for a more sustainable, productive and inclusive world. 
The Enterprise Solutions unit provides private wireless networks to customers in key vertical segments including 
public sector, transportation, energy, manufacturing, supply chain and logistics. Championing their digitalisation 
needs, it offers industrial automation solutions with mission-critical industrial edge computing, Nokia Industrial 
user equipment and plug-and-play applications in an as-a-service deployment model. 
Nokia Technologies 
Nokia Technologies is responsible for managing and monetising Nokia's intellectual property, including patents, 
technologies, and the Nokia brand, building on Nokia's continued innovation and decades of R&D leadership. We 
have three focus areas: Patent Licensing which monetises our patent portfolio; Technology Licensing which helps 
device manufacturers integrate Nokia's technologies into their products; and Brand Partnerships, which licenses 
the Nokia brand.

--- Page 104 ---
92 
Nokia Technologies manages the Nokia patent portfolio, working with all other Nokia businesses, and continues 
to grow Nokia's patent licensing and monetisation activities, which drive most of Nokia Technologies' net sales. 
This includes the successful mobile devices licensing program, where we currently have licensing agreements 
with most of the major smartphone vendors.  
Nokia owns one of the broadest and strongest patent portfolios in the mobile communications sector. At the end 
of 2020, Nokia's patent portfolio included around 20,000 patent families (each family being composed of several 
individual patents), of which the vast majority will still be in force through 2030.  
We also have patent licensing programs for other markets which use our standardised technologies, including 
consumer electronics, connected cars, smart meters, payment terminals, asset tracking and other IoT devices and 
related industries.  
Nokia Technologies enables the commercialisation of selected fundamental innovations from Nokia Bell Labs 
and other Nokia business groups in new areas via close collaboration with other companies.  
We continue to license our innovative multimedia technologies, such as OZO spatial audio and video technologies, 
to smartphone and camera manufacturers through our Technology Licensing business, and drive advanced audio 
and video research and standardisation through our Media Technologies Research unit.  
Nokia is a global brand that is recognisable worldwide. We continue to work with HMD global Oy (HMD Global) 
– our exclusive licensee for Nokia-branded phones and tablets – along with new brand partners in other product 
categories, to increase the reach and strength of the Nokia brand. 
Group Common and Other  
Until 1 January 2021, Group Common and Other included Alcatel Submarine Networks and Radio Frequency 
Systems, both of which are being managed as separate entities. As of 1 January 2021, Alcatel Submarine Networks 
is part of Network Infrastructure. In addition, Group Common and Other includes Nokia Bell Labs' operating 
expenses, as well as certain corporate-level and centrally managed operating expenses.
Innovation 
Research and Development  
Our R&D efforts are led by our business groups and by Nokia Bell Labs, the world-renowned industrial research 
arm of Nokia. As one of the industry's leading investors in communication technology R&D, we drive innovation 
across a comprehensive portfolio of network equipment, software, services and licensing opportunities across the 
globe. Our continuous product development in 5G, private wireless, intelligent analytics and automation, IoT, and 
next-generation software-defined networks enables our customers to address the needs of a digitally connected 
world.  
We have a global network of R&D centers, each with individual technology and competence specialties. The main 
R&D centers are located in Belgium, Canada, China, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Italy, 
Japan, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, the UK and the US. The ecosystems around each R&D center helps 
us to connect with experts on a global scale, and our R&D network is further complemented by cooperation with 
universities and other research facilities. In Belgium, China, Finland, France, Germany and the US, we have 
significant Nokia Bell Labs research activities where we are conducting disruptive research for the next phase of 
human existence.
Nokia Bell Labs 
Nokia Bell Labs is the world-renowned industrial research and innovation arm of Nokia, and has invented many 
foundational technologies that underpin information and communications networks and all digital devices and 
systems. The Nokia Bell Labs innovation engine accelerates technology development for Nokia's core 
communication service provider and enterprise businesses while also researching the fundamental technologies 
that will shape future society. Over its more than 90-year history, Nokia Bell Labs research breakthroughs have 
produced nine Nobel Prizes, four Turing Awards and numerous other international awards.

--- Page 105 ---
93 
With Nokia Bell Labs, we search for the fundamental limits of what is possible, rather than being constrained by 
the current state of the art. 
We look to the future to understand essential human needs and the potential barriers to enabling this new human 
existence. We then use our unique diversity of research intellects, disciplines and perspectives to solve key 
problems through disruptive innovations with the power to enable new economic capabilities, societal behaviors, 
business models and types of services - in other words, we drive human and technological revolutions. 
Nokia Bell Labs focuses on three core areas of innovation: 

Patents & standards leadership: Nokia Bell Labs funnels a continuous stream of innovation into Nokia's 
intellectual property portfolio. In addition to using these innovations to create building blocks for Nokia 
products, they are also a significant source of patent licensing revenue. Equally significant is Nokia Bell 
Labs' active leadership in establishing communication technology standards through global standards-
setting bodies. Our work in this area accelerates innovation and drives interoperability, expanding the 
possibilities for communication service providers, industrials and consumers in the 5G era. 

Disruptive Research leadership: Fundamental research underpins Nokia Bell Labs' mission to innovate 
the technologies and make the discoveries that improve human existence. Our research has laid the 
foundations for the digital world we live in through the software that powers it and the communications 
networks that connect it. Today, Nokia Bell Labs research follows many diverse trajectories but with a 
common goal: devise the technologies that will have the most sustained impact on the service providers, 
enterprises and the industries Nokia serves. 

Technology Architecture Leadership: Nokia Bell Labs is creating the next technological architecture for 
the industry. This includes building and demonstrating the power of seamless network and service 
orchestration across Nokia's comprehensive product portfolio, which will be critical for the massively 
scalable networks of the future. Bell Labs Consulting leads customer engagement around future 
technology architecture, providing independent advice to service providers, enterprises and industries, 
while our Future X Labs showcase the possibilities of the evolving architectures. 
Sales and Marketing 
During 2020, customers of Networks fell mainly into two broad categories. The primary customer group consisted 
of communication service providers ("CSP"), while enterprise customers represented another, relatively fast-
growing, area. 
Enterprise customers were in focus for Nokia and continue to grow in importance. Throughout 2020, enterprise 
customers were served by a dedicated sales force with a global presence, selling to enterprise customer groups – 
including transportation, energy, manufacturing and logistics, governments and webscale businesses – both 
directly and through channel partners (including system integrators, consulting companies, distributors and value-
added resellers). 
In addition to Nokia's four business groups, there is also a Customer Experience organisation that provides a 
common interface with customers and acts as the voice of the customer across all business groups. This unit 
includes Nokia's customer teams, region and country management, as well as marketing. The Customer 
Experience organisation is designed to build on our deep customer relationships. 
Discontinued Operations 
HERE business 
We sold our HERE digital mapping and location services business to a German automotive industry consortium 
comprised of AUDI AG, BMW Group and Daimler AG, that was completed on 4 December 2015 (the "Sale of 
HERE Business"). 
The transaction, originally announced on 3 August 2015, valued HERE at an enterprise value of EUR 2.8 billion, 
subject to certain purchase price adjustments. We received net proceeds from the transaction of EUR 2.55 billion 
at the closing of the transaction. We recorded a gain on the Sale of the HERE Business, including a related release 
of cumulative foreign exchange translation differences of EUR 1.2 billion, in the year ended 31 December 2015.

--- Page 106 ---
94 
Devices & Services Business  
We sold substantially all of our Devices & Services business to Microsoft in a transaction that was completed on 
25 April 2014 (the "Sale of the D&S Business"). We granted Microsoft a ten-year non-exclusive license to our 
patents and patent applications. The announced purchase price of the transaction was EUR 5.44 billion, of which 
EUR 3.79 billion related to the purchase of substantially all of the Devices & Services business, and EUR 1.65 
billion to the ten-year mutual patent license agreement and the option to extend this agreement into perpetuity. Of 
the Devices & Services-related assets, our former CTO organisation and our patent portfolio remained within the 
Nokia Group, and are now part of the Nokia Technologies business group. 
Dividend  
The dividend to shareholders is Nokia's principal method of distributing earnings to shareholders. Beginning with 
the distribution for the financial year 2018, Nokia started paying dividends in quarterly instalments. The Board 
did not propose a dividend or dividend authorisation for the financial year 2020. Nokia's current dividend policy 
is to target recurring, stable and over time growing ordinary dividend payments, taking into account the previous 
year's earnings as well as Nokia's financial position and business outlook. 
Significant subsidiaries 
The following is a list of Nokia's significant subsidiaries at 31 December 2020. 
Continuing Nokia Group Companies
Country of
Incorporation
Nokia Corporation
Ownership 
Interest (%)
Group 
Ownership 
Interest (%)
Nokia Solutions and Networks Oy
Finland
100.0
100.0
Nokia of America Corporation
United States
–
100.0
Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd(1)
China
–
50.0
Nokia Technologies Oy 
Finland
100.0
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks India 
Private Limited
India 
 – 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks B.V.
Netherlands
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks Japan G.K.
Japan
–
100.0
Alcatel-Lucent International S.A.
France
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks Branch 
Operations Oy
Finland 
 – 
100.0 
Alcatel Submarine Networks S.A.S.
France
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks do Brasil 
Telecomunicações Ltda.
Brazil 
 – 
100.0 
Alcatel-Lucent Participations S.A.
France
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks Korea Ltd.
South Korea
–
100.0
Nokia Spain, S.A.
Spain
–
100.0
Nokia UK Limited
United Kingdom
–
100.0
Nokia Canada Inc.
Canada
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks Italia 
S.p.A.(2) 
Italy 
 – 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks GmbH & 
Co. KG
Germany 
 – 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Australia 
Pty Ltd
Australia 
 – 
100.0 
Alcatel-Lucent S.A.S.
France
–
100.0
Nokia Solutions and Networks Limited 
Liability Company
Russian Federation 
– 
100.0 
(1) 
Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd is the parent company of the Nokia Shanghai Bell Group of which the Group owns 50% plus one 
share with China Huaxin, an entity controlled by the Chinese government, holding the remaining ownership interests. Refer to Note 33

--- Page 107 ---
95 
"Significant partly-owned subsidiaries" in Nokia's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the twelve months ended 31 
December 2020 which are incorporated by reference. See "Information Incorporated by Reference". 
(2) 
Alcatel-Lucent Italia S.p.A. merged into Nokia Solutions and Networks Italia S.p.A. effective 1 January 2019. 
Shareholders 
To our knowledge, Nokia is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other corporation or any 
government, and there are no arrangements that may result in a change of control of Nokia.
Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act and Nokia's Articles of Association, 
the control and management of Nokia are divided among the shareholders at a general meeting, the Board, the 
President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
Board of Directors 
The operations of Nokia are managed under the direction of the Board, within the framework set by the Finnish 
Companies Act and Nokia's Articles of Association as well as any complementary rules of procedure as defined 
by the Board, such as the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of the Board's Committees. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of Nokia Corporation, we have a Board that is composed of a minimum of 
seven and a maximum of 12 members. The Board is elected at least annually at each Annual General Meeting 
with a simple majority of the shareholders' votes cast at the Annual General Meeting. The term of a Board member 
begins at the close of the general meeting at which he or she was elected, or later as resolved by the general 
meeting, and expires at the close of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting 
convenes by 30 June annually. 
Our Board's leadership structure consists of a Chair and Vice Chair elected annually by the Board, and confirmed 
by the independent directors of the Board from among the Board members upon the recommendation of the 
Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. The Chair of the Board has certain specific duties as stipulated 
by Finnish law and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Vice Chair of the Board assumes the duties of the 
Chair of the Board in the event he or she is prevented from performing his or her duties. 
The independent directors of the new Board also confirm the election of the members and chairs for the Board's 
Committees from among the Board's independent directors upon the recommendation of the Corporate 
Governance and Nomination Committee and based on each Committee's member qualification standards. These 
elections take place at the Board's assembly meeting following the general meeting.  
Proposals of the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting 2021 were published on 4 February 2021. 
Elizabeth Nelson informed Nokia that she would no longer be available to serve on the Nokia Board of Directors 
after the 2021 Annual General Meeting. Consequently, at the Annual General Meeting on 8 April 2021 the Board 
proposed, on the recommendation of the Board's Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee, that the 
following eight current Board members be re-elected as members of the Nokia Board of Directors for a term 
ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting: Sari Baldauf, Bruce Brown, Thomas Dannenfeldt, 
Jeanette Horan, Edward Kozel, Søren Skou, Carla Smits-Nusteling, and Kari Stadigh. Shareholders approved the 
re-election of these Directors at the AGM. In an assembly meeting that took place after the AGM, the Board 
elected Sari Baldauf as Chair of the Board and Kari Stadigh as Vice Chair of the Board.  
The current members of the Board and its committees are set forth below.  
Chair - Sari Baldauf, b. 1955 
Chair of the Board. Board member since 2018. Chair since 2020. 
Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee.
Member of the Technology Committee.
Master of Business Administration, Helsinki School of Economics 
and Business Administration. Bachelor of Science, Helsinki School 
of Economics and Business Administration. Honorary doctorates in 
Technology (Helsinki University of Technology) and Business

--- Page 108 ---
96 
Administration (Turku School of Economics and Business 
Administration and Aalto University School of Business). 
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Networks Business 
Group, Nokia, 1998–2005. Various executive positions at Nokia in 
Finland and the United States 1983-1998. 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Member of the Nomination 
Committee of Daimler AG. Member of the Board of Directors of 
Aalto University. Chair of the Board of Directors of Vexve 
Armatury Oy. Senior Advisor of DevCo Partners Oy. Member of 
the Board of Directors of Demos Helsinki. Member of the 
Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG 2012 until 17 May 
2018. Chair of the Board of Directors of Fortum Oyj 2011-2018. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Akzo Nobel 2012–2017. 
Member of the Board of Directors of F-Secure Oyj 2005-2014. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Hewlett-Packard Corporation 
2006-2012. 
Vice Chair - Kari Stadigh, b. 1955 
Vice Chair of the Board. Board Member since 2011. Vice Chair 
since 2020. Member of the Personnel Committee and the Corporate 
Governance and Nomination Committee.
Master of Science (Eng.), Helsinki University of Technology, 
Finland. Bachelor of Business Administration, Hanken School of 
Economics, Helsinki, Finland.
Group CEO and President of Sampo plc 2009–2019. Deputy CEO 
of Sampo plc 2001–2009. President of Sampo Life Insurance 
Company Limited 1999–2000. President of Nova Life Insurance 
Company Ltd 1996–1998. President and COO of Jaakko Pöyry 
Group 1991–1996. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Metso Outotec Corporation. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Mandatum Life Insurance 
Company Limited 2001–2019. Chair of the Board of Directors of If 
P&C Insurance Holding Ltd 2002–2019. Member of the Board of 
Directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) 2010–2018. Chair of the Board 
Risk Committee (BRIC) of Nordea Bank AB (publ) 2011–2018.  
Bruce Brown, b. 1958  
Member of the Board since 2012. Chair of the Personnel 
Committee. Member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination 
Committee and the Technology Committee. 
M.B.A. (Marketing and Finance), Xavier University, the United 
States. B.S. (Chemical Engineering), Polytechnic Institute of New 
York University, the United States.  
Retired from The Procter & Gamble Company in 2014. Chief 
Technology Officer of The Procter & Gamble Company 2008–
2014. Various executive and managerial positions in Baby Care, 
Feminine Care, and Beauty Care units of The Procter & Gamble 
Company since 1980 in the United States, Germany and Japan.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Agency for Science, 
Technology & Research (A*STAR) in Singapore 2011-2018. 
Member of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of P.H.

--- Page 109 ---
97 
Glatfelter Company. Member of the Board of Directors, the Audit 
Committee and the Compensation Committee of Medpace, Inc. 
Thomas Dannenfeldt, b. 1966
Member of the Board since 2020. Member of the Audit Committee 
and Technology Committee. 
Degree in Mathematics, University of Trier, Germany. 
Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Telekom AG 2014–2018. 
Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Telekom's German operations 
2010–2014. Various operational positions (sales, marketing, 
customer care, finance and procurement in fixed and mobile 
business, national and international positions) in Deutsche Telekom 
1992–2010.  
Chair of the Supervisory Board of CECONOMY AG and member 
of the Board of Advisors at axxessio GmbH. 
Member of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile US 2013–2018 and 
Buy-In 2013–2018. Chair of the Board of Directors of T-Systems 
International 2013–2018 and EE 2014–2016. 
Jeanette Horan, b. 1955 
Member of the Board since 2017. Member of the Audit Committee 
and Technology Committee. 
MBA, Business Administration and Management, Boston 
University, the United States. BSc, Mathematics, University of 
London, United Kingdom.   
Various executive and managerial positions in IBM 1998-2015. 
Vice President of Digital Equipment Corporation 1994-1998. Vice 
President, Development, of Open Software Foundation 1989-1994.  
Member of the Supervisory Board at Wolters Kluwer, and the Chair 
of the Remuneration Committee. Member of the Board of Advisors 
at Jane Doe No More, a non-profit organisation.  
Member of the Board of Advisors of Cyberreason 2017-2018. 
Member of the Board of Directors of West Corporation 2016-2017. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Microvision 2006-2017. 
Søren Skou, b. 1964 
Member of the Board since 2019. Member of the Personnel 
Committee.
CEO of A.P. Møller Mærsk A/S. 
MBA (honours), IMD, Switzerland, Business Administration, 
Copenhagen Business School, Denmark. Maersk International 
Shipping Education (M.I.S.E.). 
Maersk Line Copenhagen CEO 2012–2016. Maersk Tankers 
Copenhagen CEO 2001–2011. Maersk Tankers Copenhagen Head 
of Crude and Product 1999–2001. Maersk Line Copenhagen Head 
of Department 1997–1998. Maersk Line Beijing Operations 
Manager 1994–1996. Maersk Line Copenhagen and New Jersey, 
Charterer and other roles 1983–1994. 
Member of International Council of Containership Operators 
(ICCO).

--- Page 110 ---
98 
Edward Kozel, b. 1955 
Member of the Board since 2017. Chair of the Technology 
Committee. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University 
of California, the United States. 
President and CEO of Range Networks 2013-2014, Owner of Open 
Range 2000-2013, Chief Technology and Innovation Officer and 
member of the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom 2010-
2012, CEO of Skyrider 2006-2008, Managing Director of 
Integrated Finance 2005-2006, Senior Vice President, Business 
development and Chief Technology Officer and Board Member of 
Cisco 1989-2001. 
Various Board Memberships in 1999–2009. 
Carla Smits-Nusteling. b.1966 
Member of the Board since 2016. Chair of the Audit Committee and 
member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. 
Master's Degree in Business Economics, Erasmus University 
Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Executive Master of Finance and 
Control, Vrije University Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer of 
KPN 2009-2012. Various financial positions in KPN 2000-2009. 
Various financial and operational positions in TNT/PTT Post 1990-
2000. 
Member of the Supervisory Board since 2013 and Chair of the Audit 
Committee of ASML. Member of the Board of Directors since 2013 
and Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Remuneration 
Committee of TELE2 AB. Lay Judge in the Enterprise Court of the 
Amsterdam Court of Appeal since 2015. 
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland. 
The current members of the Board are all non-executive. For the term that began at the Annual General Meeting 
2021, all Board member candidates were determined to be independent from Nokia and significant shareholders 
under the Finnish corporate governance rules and the rules of the NYSE, as applicable. Any possible changes 
impacting the independence assessment would be assessed as of the date of the next Annual General Meeting. 
We do not have a policy concerning the combination or separation of the roles of the Chair of the Board and the 
President and CEO. Our leadership structure is dependent on our needs, shareholder value and other relevant 
factors applicable from time to time, while respecting the highest corporate governance standards. In 2020, the 
roles of the Chair of the Board and the President and CEO were separate.   
COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic changed the world in ways we did not anticipate or expect. Together, we faced a once-
in-a-generation struggle that called governments, regulators, businesses, NGOs, groups and individuals to do 
everything they could to keep themselves and communities safe, and economies resilient and connected. 
As a global business, many aspects of our operations have been impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
Telecommunications is an essential service and one that became even more so as countries progressively locked 
down in 2020 to reduce the spread of the virus. We have had to adapt our ways of working to ensure that our 
people remain safe while our operations continue. This has been led centrally by a global crisis and continuity 
management team with regional and country crisis management teams ensuring local implementation.

--- Page 111 ---
99 
Health and safety 
Naturally, Nokia's first focus during the COVID-19 crisis is to our employees. In the very early phases of the 
pandemic we transferred all our employees to a temporary work from home policy regardless of whether they 
were able to conduct their work remotely or not. Other actions included restricting travel, imposing self-quarantine 
requirements on return for employees who have been traveling, prohibiting visitors from accessing Nokia sites, 
eventually closing virtually all Nokia sites, and only allowing access to Nokia sites to a small number of people 
involved in critical work that could not be conducted offsite.  
In order to facilitate operations where remote work is not possible, including field teams and factory operations, 
guidelines and mitigating controls were implemented. As countries have eased restrictions, we have made changes 
both to the physical working environments and our procedures for their use, ensuring that physical distancing is 
maintained and hygiene levels remain high, and that processes are in place for both infection management and 
contact tracing. We continually update our guidance as the situation develops. 
We recognise that the pandemic impacts our employees' work and personal lives in diverse ways. We offer flexible 
working hours so people can also fulfil their personal responsibilities during these challenging times. We 
conducted our 2020 annual salary review cycle and continued to pay incentives to our employees where 
applicable. We have continued to pay salary and benefits for employees who cannot work from home and whose 
work site is closed and ensured additional paid leave and sick leave for employees who are in self-quarantine and 
cannot work remotely. We have also kept frequent contact with our colleagues who were on an international 
assignment and supported them with accommodation, medical coverage and registration to local embassies.  
As most of our employees continue working remotely, we are providing guidance on how staff can maintain a 
healthy work-life balance and look after their physical and mental well-being. For example, our Personal Support 
Service provides our employees with the opportunity of attending virtual learning events on a broad range of 
health and well-being related topics, as well as professional, confidential support. We introduced separate people 
management guidelines during the crisis, and we ensure our employees, line managers and senior leaders are 
updated on the pandemic guidelines via multiple channels: webcasts, newsletters, line manager and human 
resources calls, and a dedicated COVID-19 information hub. We also ran several employee surveys to track how 
our employees were coping with the pandemic, share experiences and provide an additional channel for feedback 
and to request guidance and support. 
Supporting the essential services our customers provide 
The unwavering commitment of Nokia team members and the extraordinary efforts of all our customers – service 
providers, webscales and large digital enterprises – were key for keeping networks running and people online.  
Almost all business decisions in 2020 were affected by the pandemic to some degree, but some deployments were 
more directly COVID-19 influenced. In the earliest days of 2020, our team assisted in opening the first 5G base 
station at one of the key epidemic hospitals in Wuhan in just two days. In rural California, we met a customer's 
goal of providing a wireless solution that can deliver high-speed broadband to people who did not have access 
previously and address traffic needs driven by COVID-19. In Pennsylvania, we enabled a large medical center to 
connect ventilators and inpatient beds for real-time patient monitoring. In India, we completed the world's largest 
dynamic spectrum refarming deployment to improve network coverage and enhance connectivity to meet growing 
data demand driven by COVID-19. In Algeria, we implemented ultra-high network capacity technology to meet 
growing mobile traffic demand. In Sri Lanka and the Philippines, we deployed next generation fiber networks to 
bring ultra-fast broadband access to homes during the unprecedented events of 2020. In Chile, the pandemic has 
increased the value of our IMPACT Connected Device Platform, which enables remote management of networks 
and IoT devices. 
Beyond our existing portfolio, we applied our technical expertise to create new ways of connecting and working 
to ease the strain of the pandemic. We created a camera that takes the temperature of 20 people every 30 
milliseconds and incorporated it into a solution that allows real-time health monitoring and tracking, providing 
organisations with an automated, simple and scalable approach to identify COVID-19 symptoms and monitor 
mask compliance for facilities with thousands of people.  
We introduced artificial intelligence technology to optimise our supply chain. This enabled our customers to 
receive their orders in the shortest amount of time and keep local households online and connected.

--- Page 112 ---
100 
By September, traffic levels settled down to 20 to 30 per cent. above the pre-pandemic level, albeit with expected 
seasonal growth. We believe that these elevated traffic levels could be the "new normal" for the near future. Many 
believe that the level of usage seen in 2020 was an acceleration of trends already underway before the pandemic. 
Doing our part to fight the pandemic 
We also feel another sense of duty – to the societies where Nokia operates. As a global company, we have a duty 
to be part of the global fight against this pandemic. Nokia team members came together in myriad ways to provide 
support to those directly affected by the pandemic:  

we launched our COVID-19 donation fund in March 2020 and engaged with local organisations such as 
hospitals, community groups and non-governmental organisations in 48 countries, helping them fight the 
pandemic and mitigate its impacts.  

In Finland, we participated in the "lunch for children" campaign and donated goods to local organisations 
to ensure quality food was available to underprivileged families. 

Across India, we worked to provide food to those most in need in local communities. 

In Belgium and Greece, we 3-D printed special touch-free door handles for the office doors to help fight 
the virus' spread. 

In Hungary, we donated laptops to foundations and developed a help-desk to support local schools and 
remote education. We also organised training for parents working from home with children. 

In Ireland, we 3-D printed and donated mask strips.  

In Romania, we 3-D printed and donated face shields. 

In Singapore, we helped improve internet connectivity for dormitories and community care facilities to 
ensure that they stay connected with robust and stable internet access. 
These actions demonstrate our strong commitment to supporting global efforts to end the pandemic and 
overcoming the disruption and challenges we currently face.   
Environment, Social and Corporate Governance 
At the core of our sustainability approach is the belief that the purpose of technology is to improve people's lives. 
During 2020, we launched our new sustainability strategic approach, which is focused on the areas we believe 
will have the greatest impact on sustainable development and our business. Although we need to be agile with our 
sustainability approach, we have identified three main cornerstones through which we can truly improve people's 
lives with technology and on which we need to focus to maintain our leading position in industry sustainability: 
climate, integrity and culture. Climate will have an impact on business due to impacts on society and communities, 
mitigation and adaptation solution development and market reactions. Integrity reflects the level of respect we 
have on security and ethics. High performance culture includes talent attraction and high performing teams to 
enable things to happen. We aim to ensure we continuously develop our existing sustainability-related 
housekeeping practices as these are important necessities in order to comply with stakeholder requests and 
increased demand for efficiency and transparency. 
In terms of the fundamental necessities of responsible business, we also need to ensure we continuously develop 
our existing sustainability-related housekeeping practices to create value and comply with stakeholder requests, 
legal requirements, customer expectations and increased demand for efficiency and transparency. The 
housekeeping practices provide a solid foundation to our sustainable development as a company, including areas 
such as: operational environmental management and circularity; health and safety; labor practices in our own 
operations; responsible sourcing; and preventing the misuse of technology. 
In 2020, we had 20 short- and long-term sustainability targets. The key sustainability targets are listed in the table 
below:

--- Page 113 ---
101 
Focus area 
Target 
Target status 
Improving lives 
with technology 
Helping our customers connect the next billion subscriptions between 2016 and 2022 
Achieved 
Climate 
Science Based Target (Scope 1 and 2):
Reduce GHG emissions from our own operations by 50% between 2019 and 2030*
On track 
Science Based Target (Scope 3):
Reduce GHG emissions from our products by 50% between 2019 and 2030*
On track 
Integrity 
Achieve 95% completion rate for Ethical Business Training in 2020 
Achieved 
Culture 
Increase the share of women in leadership by 25% between 2016 and 2020  
Not achieved
* New recalibrated Science Based Targets announced on 4 March 2021 to fulfil Nokia's commitment to align with 
a 1.5°C global warming scenario. 
Improving Lives with technology 
Our technology connects people to the services, places, opportunities and other people that matter to them. One 
of our key targets includes helping our customers to connect the next billion subscribers by 2022, compared to 
approximately 5.5 billion at the end of 2016. The target is measured by number of subscriptions in Nokia radio 
customers' networks. In 2020, the radio networks we supplied to our customers served around 6.6 billion 
subscriptions worldwide, meaning we reached the target ahead of the targeted timeline. In addition, our approach 
has been validated in the market with 1 545 mission-critical customers and our private wireless solutions are used 
by 260 customers globally. 
During 2020, we announced several new deals that will bring connectivity to the most rural and underserved areas, 
making sure small businesses, farms and schools are connected. We also continued our shared value project with 
UNICEF in Kenya. The aim of the project is to bring together all relevant parties in collaboration to demonstrate 
the best solutions to connect the unconnected schools to digital learning in Kenya, and to enable accessible, quality 
and inclusive education through digital connectivity particularly for girls and disabled children. The project started 
in 2018 and the first schools were connected in September using our Fixed Wireless Access solution.
Combating Climate Change 
Climate change remains a significant risk to society. We recognise that we provide products and services globally 
that may affect the environment as manufacturing, distributing, and operating these products require energy and 
other resources. The most material climate-related opportunities and risks are related to our ability to help other 
industries to reduce their emissions and the energy efficiency of our products. We believe that the opportunities 
our technology provides to our customers, industry and society, and the measures we have taken in our operations 
can positively contribute to the fight against climate change. Our own operations are not very sensitive to the 
changes in energy pricing or natural catastrophes. However, climate change can impact our customers and supply 
chain, as well as the global economy, political and social stability.  
We have utilised climate-related scenarios to support the review of our climate-related risks, opportunities, and 
related implications to our business. In our analysis, we applied global warming scenarios of 1.5ºC and 2.0ºC, 
based on 2DS scenario by the lnternational Energy Association's and RCP2.6 (Representative Concentration 
Pathway) scenario by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The results of this analysis have provided 
information for our risks and opportunity analysis, stressed the need for greater and more urgent greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emission reduction activities and served as a basis for our Science Based Target setting. We have also 
aligned our climate-related disclosures in our CDP report according to the guidance of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures. CDP is a global organisation that runs a bespoke global disclosure system for 
investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their environmental impacts. We publish our detailed 
GHG emissions also in our People & Planet report.  
We constantly strive to drive down the energy required by our products in use in our customers' communications 
networks, helping them to reduce their carbon footprint as this is by far the greater part of our own carbon footprint. 
We have delivered zero emission products to over 150 customers around the world. Modernisation of legacy 
networks drives improved energy efficiency. The customer base station sites we modernised in 2020 used on

--- Page 114 ---
102 
average 54 per cent less energy than those where our customers did not modernise. Not only does this reduce 
environmental impacts, it also provides an improved financial upside for our customers. 
During 2020, we worked hard to recalibrate our existing long-term science-based targets in line with the goal to 
limit rises in global average temperatures to 1.5°C. This is a commitment we made in 2019, and on 4 March 2021 
we announced our updated targets to reduce emissions by 50 per cent. across both our own operations and products 
in use by 2030. At the end of 2020, we were on track to reach the targets by 2030. The progress of these targets is 
linked to the pricing mechanism of our Revolving Credit Facility loan announced in 2019. 
We have in place a robust environmental management system and environmental policy, supported by 
documented processes and procedures globally to ensure implementation. The system helps us to monitor our 
progress and identify needed improvements. Our own operational footprint is certified under the ISO 14001 
environmental management system standard and in 2020 the coverage of employees within the scope of that 
certification was 90 per cent. Circular economy and waste reduction are also key in our work and we offer 
refurbishment, reuse, and recycling of older equipment as an integral component of the product lifecycle 
management. In 2020, we sent around 4, 700 metric tons of old telecommunications equipment for materials 
recovery and we refurbished or reused approximately 79,400 units with a combined total weight of 570 metric 
tons. 
Conducting our business with integrity
Our long-standing reputation for integrity is our most important asset. At Nokia, every employee is responsible 
and accountable for upholding our high ethical values. Trust has never been more important, and we strive every 
day to earn and to keep the trust of our customers, governments, employees and other stakeholders with whom 
we interact. In these challenging times, our unwavering commitment to integrity remains steadfast. 
Our Code of Conduct is the foundation upon which this commitment rests. Our Code sets out four straightforward 
defining principles: we follow the laws where we do business; we set an example for one another by being honest 
and fair; we promote a culture of integrity through mutual respect and trust; and we hold each other accountable 
to adhere to the Code and report potential violations.   
These guiding principles are supplemented by 14 key business policy statements covering critical issues and risks 
we face: Improper Payments/Anti-Corruption, Conflicts of Interests, Fair Competition, Privacy, Dealing with 
Government Officials, Intellectual Property & Confidential Information, Working with Third Parties, Trade 
Compliance, Insider Trading, Health, Safety & Labor Conditions, Controllership, Fair Employment Practices, 
Human Rights, and Environment. An additional Code of Ethics sets out further expectations of our CEO and 
senior executive financial officers. Our Third-Party Code of Conduct applies to the various third parties with 
whom we work and clearly states our expectations of them on ethical conduct. Our codes are further supplemented 
by policies, procedures and guidance documents covering a range of topics such as third-party screening 
procedures, corporate hospitality, and more. 
In 2020, we continued our longstanding practice of providing annual training to our employees on ethical business 
practices, as well as other important topics such as quality, health, safety, and well-being. Our Ethical Business 
Training was completed by 96.2 per cent. of our employees, surpassing the target of 95 per cent. In response to 
COVID-19, we redoubled our efforts to stay connected with employees worldwide, leveraged the use of internal 
social media channels, increased our communications on our global Ombuds programme, and conducted various 
other virtual activities. Throughout 2020, we closely monitored and responded to the impact of the pandemic on 
our compliance programme, shifting our resources and priorities as circumstances dictated, and planning for 
continued monitoring and action as required. 
Our Culture – respecting people 
We believe our people are our greatest asset and we aim to enable a culture that encourages high-performance, 
integrity, and inclusion. The market for skilled employees in our business is extremely competitive. Our workforce 
has fluctuated over recent years as we have introduced changes in our strategy to respond to our business targets 
and our activities. These changes may in the future cause disruption and fatigue among employees. It is imperative 
that we work to create and sustain a corporate culture that is motivational, inclusive, and encourages creativity 
and continuous learning to meet challenges.

--- Page 115 ---
103 
In 2020, the average number of employees was 92,039 (98,322 in 2019 and 103,083 in 2018). The table below 
shows the average number of employees in 2020 by geographical location:  
Region
Average number of employees
Finland
6,098
Other European countries
32,686
Middle East & Africa
3,319
China 
 13,749
Asia Pacific
20,511
North America
12,002
Latin America
3,674
Total
92,039
With a change in our leadership in 2020, we took the opportunity to refresh our view on the employee experience. 
For Day 1 of Pekka Lundmark's tenure, we launched a global survey that asked whether employees felt pride in 
working for Nokia, and whether they felt the working atmosphere enabled them to give their best. The survey 
garnered over 50,000 responses in July. 88.7 per cent. of employees responded that they feel pride in working for 
Nokia, while 75.1 per cent. agreed that the working atmosphere enabled them to give their best.    
We are committed to employee development and career growth. In 2020, many of our instructor-led programmes 
were impacted by COVID-19 and repurposed to be delivered virtually. We delivered our corporate leadership 
programmes targeting new line managers to senior leaders virtually for over 1,100 participants. We also continued 
to train our senior managers on coaching skills by delivering virtual Coaching for Success programmes. In 2020, 
over 7,000 employees studied leadership related online solutions and videos. We have nearly 300 internal coaches 
who are made available to all employees. We also focused on supporting line managers and employees during the 
pandemic with five quick guides, including topics such as resilience and well-being, leading virtual teams and 
working from home. 
Our systematic work to address sustainability has been recognised to be in leader-level by several stakeholders, 
including investors, customers and peers. In January 2020, we were once again ranked at leadership level by CDP 
for our work on and disclosure of climate change data in 2019. In February 2020, we were named for the third 
consecutive year (2018-2020), and the fourth time overall as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by 
Ethisphere and one of only six honourees in the telecommunications industry. We have again been recognised as 
a global leader for engaging with our suppliers on climate change, being awarded a position on the Supplier 
Engagement Leaderboard by CDP for supply chain. In 2019, we received a rating of AA (on a scale of AAA-
CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment. Bloomberg has given Nokia a strong score in its Gender Equality 
Index for 2020 – the second time in a row that we are included in this index. In January 2020, FTSE Russell (the 
trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) confirmed that Nokia has been 
independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria, and has satisfied the requirements to become a 
constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series. In October 2019, we were reconfirmed as a constituent of both the 
Ethibel Sustainability Indices (ESI) for Excellence Europe and Excellence Global for our corporate sustainability 
efforts. In September 2019, we were again in the top 1 per cent. of suppliers assessed by EcoVadis, achieving 
particularly high scores in environment and sustainable procurement.  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or 
any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the valuation methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 116 ---
104 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. If in respect of any particular issue of Notes there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 117 ---
105 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description addressing only the Finnish and Irish withholding tax treatment of income 
arising from the Notes and Coupons. This description does not deal with any other matters and in particular does 
not describe the taxation consequences for Irish resident or ordinarily resident holders of Notes and Coupons in 
respect of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon. This 
description is (i) based on the laws, regulations and published case law in full force and effect in Finland and 
Ireland and the interpretation thereof as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in 
the future, potentially with retroactive effect, and (ii) prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is resident in 
Finland for tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency. Investors should 
be aware that the comments below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should 
not be understood as such. The following description is based on an interpretation of general provisions of tax 
law. Prospective investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the 
light of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, exercise, redemption, sale or 
other disposition of the Notes and Coupons. 
Certain Finnish Tax Considerations  
Non-Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not 
engage in trade or business through a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business in 
Finland may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  
When the Issuer effects payments through a paying agent or intermediary, the Issuer should not have an obligation 
to ensure whether the recipient of the payment is non-resident for Finnish tax purposes provided that the paying 
agent or intermediary is a Reporting Financial Institution under Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"), Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") or Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 ("DAC2"). 
When the paying agent or other intermediary (such as a financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder 
of Notes and Coupons is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent 
establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary, the entity effecting the payment should ensure 
whether the recipient of the payment is non-resident for Finnish tax purposes. When payments are effected through 
a non-Finnish tax resident paying agent or intermediary, no Finnish withholding or related liabilities should relate 
to the payments. 
Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Corporates  
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes may be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality 
or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Individuals and Estates 
Interest and any similar payments (e.g. interest compensation FI: "jälkimarkkinahyvitys" and index compensation 
FI: "indeksihyvitys") made to individuals or estates resident in Finland are generally subject to advance 
withholding of income tax. Payments classified as capital gain for Finnish income tax purposes are not subject to 
advance withholding of income tax.  
The withholding liability should primarily lie with a possible paying agent or other intermediary (such as a 
financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes and Coupons, if the paying agent or intermediary 
is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a 
non-resident paying agent or intermediary. When payments are effected through a non-Finnish tax resident paying 
agent or intermediary, no withholding or related liabilities should relate to the payments.

--- Page 118 ---
106 
Certain Irish Tax Considerations 
Irish Withholding Tax  
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on payments of interest on 
the Notes except where the interest has an Irish source and is annual in nature. The interest could be considered 
to have an Irish source, where, for example, interest is paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Notes 
are secured on Irish situate assets. The mere offering of the Notes to Irish investors or the listing of the Notes on 
Euronext Dublin will not cause the interest to have an Irish source.  
In certain circumstances, collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Notes in Ireland on behalf 
of a Noteholder will be obliged to operate a withholding tax.  
Provision of Information  
Noteholders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Notes is paid to them by or through an 
Irish paying agent or collection agent then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating to the Noteholder. Where the Noteholder 
is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by 
them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident for taxation purposes.

--- Page 119 ---
107 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International and J.P. Morgan AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 6 July 2021 (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the 
Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or

--- Page 120 ---
108 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State:   
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 121 ---
109 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:   
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:   
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year:   
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:   
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 122 ---
110 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a reference 
to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or amended 
from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 123 ---
111 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus, 
any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only 
to a particular Tranche of Notes), in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 124 ---
112 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board passed on 25 and 
26 October 2007. The updating of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board passed on 30 
April 2014. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
Nokia. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Nokia taken as 
a whole since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Nokia since 31 December 2020. 
Independent Auditors 
4. 
The auditors of Nokia are Deloitte Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant 
(KHT) Marika Nevalainen as the auditor with principal responsibility who is a member of the Finnish 
Association of Auditors. Deloitte Oy has audited Nokia's financial statements, without qualification, in 
accordance with good auditing practice in Finland, for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy audited Nokia's financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with 
good auditing practice in Finland for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019. Neither Deloitte Oy 
nor PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has any material interest in Nokia.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
5. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected in physical form during normal business hours at the 
registered offices of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent for 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus and on our website.

--- Page 125 ---
113 
Our website is located at https://www.nokia.com (and further debt information can be found at 
https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads). We have included our 
website address as an inactive textual reference only. The contents of the website are not incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.   
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (with an accurate/direct translation thereof); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent 
Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form); and 
(e) 
any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as 
to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes 
of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
8. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Post-issuance information 
9. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nokia Corporation 
Karakaari 7 
FI-02610 
Espoo,  
Finland  
DEALERS 
 Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
J&E Davy 
Davy House  
49 Dawson Street  
Dublin 2  
Ireland 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law:
To the Dealers as to English law:
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP 
40 Bank Street 
London E14 5DS 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law:
Roschier, Attorneys Ltd. 
Kasarmikatu 21A  
FI-00130  
Helsinki 
Finland 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Oy
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
00180 Helsinki 
Finland