--- Page 1 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 7 October 2021 
 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE LTD. 
USD13,000,000,000 
NOTE, WARRANT AND CERTIFICATE PROGRAMME 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a base prospectus in respect of the Programme (as defined 
below) for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below).  Any Securities (as defined 
below) issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. 
Under the terms of the Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme (the Programme), Nomura International 
Funding Pte. Ltd. (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (Notes) and redeemable certificates 
(redeemable Certificates and, together with Notes, N&C Securities) or warrants (Warrants) and exercisable 
certificates (exercisable Certificates and, together with the Warrants, W&C Securities, and W&C Securities 
together with N&C Securities, Securities). 
Securities issued under the Programme may be (i) admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA) or offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (a Non-Exempt N&C Security or a Non-Exempt W&C 
Security, as applicable, and together Non-Exempt Securities) or (ii) neither admitted to trading on (a) a 
regulated market in the EEA or (b) a United Kingdom (UK) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA) nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case 
may be (an Exempt N&C Security or an Exempt W&C Security as applicable, and together Exempt 
Securities).  In the case of Exempt Securities, the terms of each issue of Exempt Securities will be completed, 
modified or supplemented in a pricing supplement document (a Pricing Supplement).  The forms of Pricing 
Supplement for Exempt Securities are as set out in Schedule 1 to this Base Prospectus.  For the purposes 
of any Exempt Securities, references herein to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"Pricing Supplement". 
Securities of any kind may be issued as Exempt Securities, including but not limited to Securities relating to a 
specified index or a basket of indices (Index Linked Securities), a specified share or a basket of shares, a 
specified American depositary receipt or global depositary receipt or a basket thereof (Equity Linked 
Securities), a specified currency or a basket of currencies (FX Linked Securities), a specified commodity or 
commodity index or a basket of commodities and/or commodity indices (Commodity Linked Securities), a 
specified fund or basket of funds (Fund Linked Securities), a specified inflation index or a basket of inflation 
indices (Inflation Linked Securities), the credit of a specified entity or entities (Credit Linked Securities), 
Index Linked Securities or Equity Linked Securities which are short price payout N&C Securities (Short Price 
Payout N&C Securities) and excluded index securities linked to a series of preference shares (Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) or any combination of the foregoing.  Securities may also bear interest (in 
the case of N&C Securities) or additional amounts (in the case of W&C Securities).  Only Securities of a type 
specifically contemplated by this Base Prospectus may be issued as Non-Exempt Securities.  Each issue of 
N&C Securities will be issued on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such N&C Securities under 
"Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities" (the N&C Securities Conditions) on pages 201 to 328 and any 
applicable Additional Terms and Conditions on pages 413 to 723 (together with the N&C Securities 
Conditions, the Conditions) and each issue of W&C Securities will be issued on the terms set out herein which 
are relevant to such W&C Securities under "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities" (the W&C 
Securities Conditions) on pages 350 to 411 and any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions on pages 
413 to 723 (together with the W&C Securities Conditions, the Conditions) in each case, as such Conditions are 
completed by, and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, as such Conditions may be modified or supplemented 
by, the applicable Final Terms (the Final Terms). 
Where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a series of N&C Securities issued 
under the Programme, such series of N&C Securities will be issued with the benefit of a guarantee either from

--- Page 2 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
2 
 
 
(a) Nomura Holdings, Inc. (the NHI Guarantor) or, (b) Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (the NSC Guarantor 
and, together with the NHI Guarantor, the Guarantors) pursuant to a deed of guarantee executed by the 
relevant Guarantor on or about 7 October 2021 (each a Guarantee).  The relevant Guarantee (if applicable) 
will irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the payment and delivery obligations in respect of the N&C 
Securities of such series (see "Form of NHI Guarantee" and "Form of NSC Guarantee" respectively on pages 
724 to 736).  In relation to each series of N&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether 
such Securities are to be guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor or by the NSC Guarantor.  All references in the 
N&C Securities Conditions to the Guarantor will be construed to mean the NHI Guarantor (where the relevant 
Final Terms specifies the NHI Guarantor as guarantor in respect of the relevant series of N&C Securities) or 
the NSC Guarantor (where the relevant Final Terms specifies the NSC Guarantor as guarantor in respect of 
the relevant series of N&C Securities). 
Where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a series of W&C Securities issued 
under the Programme, such series of W&C Securities will be issued with the benefit of a guarantee from the 
NHI Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Guarantee and pursuant to authorisation, on a case by case basis, by 
an executive officer of the NHI Guarantor authorised by the NHI Guarantor's Executive Management Board 
(an NHI Approval).  The relevant Guarantee (if applicable) will irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee 
the payment and delivery obligations in respect of the W&C Securities of such series (see "Form of NHI 
Guarantee" on pages 724 to 730).  In relation to each series of W&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify whether such Securities are to be guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor and the date that the relevant 
authorisation was granted.  W&C Securities will not be guaranteed by the NSC Guarantor. 
Each series of Securities issued with the benefit of a guarantee pursuant to a Guarantee are referred to herein 
as Guaranteed Securities.  The Guarantee will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law.  The Securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Prospective purchasers should note that a Guarantee will not be applicable in respect of a series of Securities 
unless expressly specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of W&C Securities, unless the date 
of the relevant NHI Approval is specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any series of Securities do not state that a Guarantee is applicable to the Securities of such series 
and, in the case of W&C Securities, the date of the relevant NHI Approval is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then such Securities will not have the benefit of a Guarantee or any other guarantee or similar 
arrangements from the Guarantors or any other party. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors has a right of substitution as set out in N&C Securities Condition 18 or 
W&C Securities Condition 13, as applicable. 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of Nomura International plc, Nomura Singapore 
Limited, Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer will, in the case of an issue of 
Securities being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Securities. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities issued by the Issuer and from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed USD13,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement and in the "General Description of the Programme" 
section below) unless such limit is varied in accordance with the procedures specified under the Programme 
Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, for Non-Exempt Securities only, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors or the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
3 
 
 
By approving the prospectus in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 
relating to prospectuses for securities, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LuxSE) for Non-Exempt Securities issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the LuxSE. Application has also been made to the LuxSE for Exempt Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the LuxSE and to be listed on the Official 
List of the LuxSE for a period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.   
The applicable Final Terms relating to the Securities will specify whether such Securities are to be admitted 
to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market, the Euro MTF market of the LuxSE, any other market or no market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Securities have been (i) admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market or the Euro MTF market of the 
LuxSE and admitted to the Official List of the LuxSE, and/or (ii) admitted to trading on any other market and 
admitted to any other official list, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The LuxSE's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU).  The Euro MTF market of the LuxSE is not a regulated market within the meaning of 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a "listing particulars" where required for the purposes of the listing of any 
Exempt Securities (including, without limitation, any Exempt Securities listed on the Official List and Euro 
MTF Market of the LuxSE) and, for such purposes, does not constitute a "prospectus" for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus also constitutes a base prospectus for purpose of Part IV of the 
Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. This listing particulars has been 
approved by the LuxSE only for purposes of Exempt Securities which are listed on the Official List and Euro 
MTF Market. References in the Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" will be deemed to be references to "pricing 
supplement" for the purposes of all Exempt Securities (whether those Securities are listed on the Regulated 
Market of the LuxSE or Euro MTF Market or otherwise). This Base Prospectus constitutes an "offering 
circular" for the purposes of any offers that are not Non-Exempt Offers (as defined below) and for which listing 
particulars are not required. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount or issue size of Securities, interest or other interim amounts (if any) 
payable in respect of Securities, the issue price of Securities, and certain other information which is applicable 
to each series of Securities will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which, with respect to all Securities 
other than Exempt Securities will be where publicly offered or listed on a regulated market in Luxembourg, 
will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Securities to be listed on the LuxSE will also 
be published on the website of the LuxSE ( www.bourse.lu ). 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the relevant Dealer and specified in the Final Terms.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Securities and/or 
Securities not admitted to trading on any market.   
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities 
and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  Certain issues of Securities involve 
a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their 
investment. 
Where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a series of N&C Securities issued 
under the Programme, (i) Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited (the NIHK Guarantor) will, pursuant 
to a deed of guarantee dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus (the NIHK Guarantee), irrevocably 
and unconditionally guarantee the payment and delivery obligations in respect of the N&C Securities of such 
series or (ii) the NIHK Guarantor and the NHI Guarantor will, pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated on or 
about the date of this Base Prospectus (the NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee), jointly and severally, irrevocably 
and unconditionally guarantee the payment and delivery obligations in respect of the N&C Securities of such 
series.

--- Page 4 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
4 
 
 
The NIHK Guarantor may only guarantee Securities that are Exempt Securities under this Base Prospectus.  
Any Securities that are guaranteed by (i) the NIHK Guarantor shall be NIHK Guaranteed Securities or (ii) 
the NIHK Guarantor and NHI Guarantor shall be NIHK/NHI Joint Guaranteed Securities. The form and 
nature of the NIHK Guarantee or NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee, as applicable, will be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.   
If the Issuer wishes to issue Non-Exempt Securities under this Base Prospectus that are guaranteed by (i) the 
NIHK Guarantor or (ii) the NIHK Guarantor and NHI Guarantor, the Issuer must, prior to the commencement 
of the offer of a Series of Securities, have submitted, and had approved a relevant prospectus for purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation or had approved by the CSSF, a supplement to this Base Prospectus providing all 
disclosure relating to the NIHK Guarantor and the NIHK Guarantee or the NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee, as 
applicable. 
This Base Prospectus may be filed in Switzerland with a review body (Prüfstelle) approved by the Swiss 
Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA) as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved 
according to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) for entry on the list of approved 
prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA, deposited with this review body and published according to 
Article 64 FinSA. Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may make offers of 
Securities to the public in Switzerland (Swiss Non-exempt Offers), in respect of which the Issuer shall 
complete Final Terms. References to Securities which are Swiss Non-Exempt Securities shall be to Securities 
which are the subject of such Swiss Non-exempt Offers. The Issuer may also make offers of Securities in 
Switzerland pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offers do not qualify as a 
public offer in Switzerland (Swiss Exempt Offers), in respect of which the Issuer shall complete (i) if the 
relevant Securities are Non-Exempt Securities, Final Terms, or (ii) otherwise, a Pricing Supplement. 
The long-term debt of the NHI Guarantor has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Japan Inc. (S&P 
Japan), Baa1 by Moody's Japan K.K. (Moody's Japan), A- by Fitch Ratings Japan Limited (Fitch Japan), A 
by Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I Japan) and AA- by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR). 
The long-term debt of the NSC Guarantor has been rated A- by S&P Japan, A3 by Moody's Japan, A- by Fitch 
Japan, A+ by R&I Japan and AA- by JCR. 
Each of Moody's Japan, S&P Japan and Fitch Japan is not established in the EEA and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  The ratings have, 
however, been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's Deutschland), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (SPGRE) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch Ratings) respectively, in each case, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Each of Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE and Fitch Ratings are 
established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE 
and Fitch Ratings are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  ESMA has indicated that 
ratings issued in Japan which have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE and/or Fitch Ratings 
(respectively) may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. 
Each of Moody's Japan, S&P Japan and Fitch Japan is not established in the United Kingdom and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). The ratings have, however, been endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Ltd (Moody's UK), S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (SPGRUK) and Fitch 
Ratings Ltd (Fitch UK) respectively, in each case, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Each of 
Moody's UK, SPGRUK and Fitch UK Ratings are established in the United Kingdom and are registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
R&I Japan is not established in the EEA and is not registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  R&I 
Japan is therefore not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
JCR is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation, but it is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
5 
 
 
Each of R&I Japan and JCR is not established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as any rating that may be assigned to the Programme. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Please also refer to "Ratings of the Securities" in the 
Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8th June, 2016 
(the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case and in respect of Non-Exempt Securities only, a statement will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as to whether or not the 
relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and €STR interest rate 
benchmarks are all provided by administrators that are either included in ESMA's register of administrators or 
are exempt from registration pursuant to the central bank exemption in Article 2.2(a) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation: The European Money Markets Institute as the administrator of the EURIBOR benchmark is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators and The Bank of England as administrator of the SONIA 
benchmark, The Federal Reserve Bank of New York as administrator of the SOFR benchmark and The 
European Central Bank as administrator of the €STR benchmark are not included in ESMA's register of 
administrators as no such registration is required pursuant to the central bank exemption in Article 2.2(a) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited as the administrator of the LIBOR benchmark is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union (the EU), recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
The Securities, the Guarantees and, in certain cases, the Entitlement (as defined herein) have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or under 
any state securities laws, and the Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, exercised 
or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
or by, a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  The 
Issuer has not registered and does not intend to register as an investment company pursuant to the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act) and the rules thereunder in reliance on an 
exclusion from the definition of "investment company" pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act.  The Issuer 
may offer and sell Securities of certain issues within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, exclusively to persons reasonably believed by the Issuer to be "qualified institutional buyers" 
(each a QIB) as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) who are also each a "qualified 
purchaser" (QP) within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder and who have executed an Investor Representation Letter (as defined herein) prior to acquiring any 
interest in the Securities.  Each purchaser of Securities being offered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Securities is being made 
in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the 1940 Act and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the CEA).  Securities may also be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S.  Investors in the Securities will be deemed to have 
made or be required to make certain representations and warranties in connection with purchasing the 
Securities.  See "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions" on pages 742 to 
750.  In certain circumstances, redemption or exercise of Securities will be conditional upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership or, in the case of certain Series of Securities, that the holder (and any person on

--- Page 6 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
6 
 
 
whose behalf the holder is acting) is a QIB and a QP.  See "Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities" on 
pages 201 to 324, "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities" on pages 350 to 411 and "Notice to 
Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions" on pages 742 to 750.  Securities sold in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons who are QIBs and also QPs will, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be sold through a registered broker dealer in the United 
States or otherwise in compliance with the provisions of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
In addition, certain Securities (including, but not limited to, Permanent Global W&C Securities) may not at 
any time be offered, sold or delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person 
who is (a) a "U.S. person", as defined in Regulation S, (b) a person other than a "Non-United States person" 
as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA, (c) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application 
of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap 
Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, 
pursuant to the CEA, (d) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations 
or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (e) a "United States person" as defined in the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in 
each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (each such person, 
a U.S. Person), nor may any U.S. Persons at any time trade or maintain a position in such Securities. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC), any State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have 
any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or the 
accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus.  The Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed 
as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA and trading in 
the Securities has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA.  Any representation to the contrary is 
a criminal offence in the United States. 
All payments in respect of the N&C Securities will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in N&C Securities unless any such 
deduction is required by law. In the event that (i) any such deduction is required and (ii) the relevant 
N&C Securities are specified as being "Reference Item Linked N&C Securities" in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless the provisions of Condition 9.1.2 are specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable 
Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if applicable) will be required to pay any additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
A holder of a W&C Security must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses arising from the exercise and 
settlement of such W&C Security and/or delivery of the Entitlement, if applicable. The Issuer shall not 
be liable for tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, 
transfer, exercise or enforcement of any W&C Security and all payments will be made subject to any 
such tax, duty, withholding or other payment. 
For a description of certain further restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities and on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Offering and Sale" on pages 794 to 814. 
Each issue of Securities will be issued in the form set out in "Form of the Securities" on pages 142 to 147. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant 
Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant 
Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  Securities 
involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the 
purchase price of their Securities.  See "Risk Factors" on pages 20 to 88. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NOMURA SINGAPORE LIMITED

--- Page 7 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
7 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt 
Securities issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When 
used in this Base Prospectus, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors (the Responsible Persons) accepts responsibility for (i) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and, (ii) in the case of the Issuer and the Guarantor of a 
particular Tranche of Non-Exempt Securities issued under the Programme, for the Final Terms for that 
Tranche of Securities.  To the best of the knowledge of the Responsible Persons (each having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
in any relevant Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus which is sourced from a third party (including the 
information under the heading "Book Entry Clearance Systems" below which has been extracted from 
information from the relevant clearing systems) has been accurately reproduced and, as far as each of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors has also identified the source(s) of such 
information. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NIHK Guarantor or any Dealer 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the NIHK Guarantor or any Dealer of an issue of Securities.  This document does not 
constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such 
offer or solicitation and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Securities or the distribution 
of this document in any jurisdiction where any such action is required. 
This document is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on pages 103 to 109).  This 
document shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date of approval until 7 October 2022 in relation to Securities that are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Exempt Securities that are to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of 
the LuxSE. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to Securities for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Securities of each issue may be sold by the Issuer and/or any Dealer at such time and at such prices 
as the Issuer and/or the Dealer(s) may select.  There is no obligation upon the Issuer or any Dealer to

--- Page 8 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
8 
 
 
sell all of the Securities of any issue.  The Securities of any issue may be offered or sold from time to time 
in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at prevailing market prices or 
in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer. 
Subject as provided in the N&C Securities Conditions and the W&C Securities Conditions, as 
applicable, the Issuer shall have complete discretion as to what type of Securities it issues and when. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantors in relation to the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantors in 
connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Securities (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NIHK Guarantor or any Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities.  Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and 
its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the NIHK Guarantor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme nor 
any issue of Securities constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
the NIHK Guarantor or any Dealer or any other person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer, the Guarantors or the NIHK Guarantor makes any representation to 
any investor in the Securities regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any 
investor in the Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities for 
an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer and the Guarantors 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. No Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Securities issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Non-Exempt Securities, 
or Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Securities, includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA other than (i) during any 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period and (ii) in any PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.   
Consequently, other than in any PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction and during any PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
9 
 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Non-Exempt Securities, 
or Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Securities, includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) other than 
during any UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.   
Consequently, other than during any UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – For any issuance of Securities in respect of which the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules) 
apply, the relevant manufacturer(s) will separately provide details of its/their target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration 
this target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining this target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject, where relevant, to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
Any target market assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual or legal selling 
restrictions in relation to the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any target market assessment would not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability 
or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any specific investor or group of 
investors to invest in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Securities. 
For any issuance of Securities in respect of which the MiFID Product Governance rules apply, a determination 
will also be made as to whether any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – For any issuance of Securities in respect of which the 
Product Governance rules contained in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) apply, the relevant manufacturer(s) will separately 
provide details of its/their target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for 
distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration this target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining this target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels, subject, where relevant, to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, as applicable. 
Any target market assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual or legal selling 
restrictions in relation to the Securities.

--- Page 10 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
10 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any target market assessment would not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability 
or appropriateness for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules; or (b) a recommendation to 
any specific investor or group of investors to invest in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with 
respect to the Securities. 
For any issuance of Securities in respect of which the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules rules apply, a 
determination will also be made as to whether any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NIHK Guarantor or 
any Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offer.  In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in 
the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NIHK Guarantor 
or any Dealer which is intended to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Securities may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities.  In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Securities in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and certain 
South American jurisdictions and Asian jurisdictions (see "Offering and Sale" on pages 794 to 814).  In 
particular, the Securities, the Guarantee and, in certain cases, the Entitlement to be delivered upon 
exercise of the Securities, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any 
applicable state securities laws. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any Non-Exempt Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
THIS PROGRAMME PROVIDES FOR THE ISSUANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM LINKED 
SECURITIES.  THE PURCHASE OF SUCH SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS 
NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL DEBT OR EQUITY SECURITY 
AND MAY BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND 
EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO 
EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES.  PRIOR 
TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER 
THE SUITABILITY OF THAT INVESTMENT CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN 
FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES 
AND 
INVESTMENT 
OBJECTIVES, 
INCLUDING 
A 
CONSIDERATION OF (I) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW AND (II) ALL THE 
INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS.  PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONSULTING WITH SUCH FINANCIAL, LEGAL OR OTHER 
ADVISERS AS THEY DEEM APPROPRIATE) WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE 
GUARANTOR (IF APPLICABLE) OR ANY DEALER.

--- Page 11 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
11 
 
 
Each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to evaluate the Securities, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all the information contained in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Securities (including an inability to sell the Securities), including Securities with amounts 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the Settlement Currency or Specified Currency of 
the Securities is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
An investment in Index Linked Securities, Equity Linked Securities, FX Linked Securities, Commodity 
Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Inflation Linked Securities, Credit Linked Securities or 
other Securities linked to other Reference Item(s) (Reference Item Linked Securities) will include, but 
will not be limited to, the risks set out in "Risks relating to particular Reference Items" below. 
Some Securities are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in 
Securities which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how such Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of those Securities and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) in respect of the 
Securities, all Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs that are also QPs for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Securities being offered 
hereby.  Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised.  It may not be copied or reproduced 
in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective 
investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Securities may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons only to QIBs that are also QPs in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws and which will not require the Issuer to register under 
the 1940 Act.  Each U.S. purchaser of Securities is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Securities to

--- Page 12 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
12 
 
 
it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security (which term shall include 
both N&C Securities and/or W&C Securities, as the context permits) or any Securities issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Securities) will be required to make or, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Securities, be deemed to have made, certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Securities as set out in "Offering and Sale".  
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the 
Securities". 
In addition, the offer, sale, resale, transfer, pledge or delivery of certain Securities, or any interest therein, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons may constitute a 
violation of the CEA.  Accordingly, the relevant Final Terms for any Security determined to be subject to such 
prohibitions will specify that such Security may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged 
or delivered in the United States or to U.S. Persons, nor may any U.S. Persons at any time trade or maintain a 
position in such Securities. 
Securities in bearer form that are treated as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United 
States persons, except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Securities (and interests therein) may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the assets of, any 
employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended (ERISA), any plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, an entity whose underlying assets 
include plan assets by reason of an employee benefit plan's or a plan's investment in such entity (collectively, 
Benefit Plan Investors), or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to any federal, state, local or non-
U.S. laws or regulations substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar 
Law), unless the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Securities (or any interest therein) does not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code or violate the applicable provisions of any Similar Law. Purchasers of Securities (or any interest therein) 
on behalf of Benefit Plan Investors have exclusive responsibility for ensuring that their acquisition, holding 
and disposition of the Securities (or any interest therein) does not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and by the purchase of 
Securities (or any interest therein) they will be deemed to have represented and warranted that the foregoing 
condition has been and will be met. The applicable Final Terms relating to a particular Tranche of Securities 
may contain more information and reflect more particular limitations respecting Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Securities (or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) none of the Issuer, the Principal Agent, 
the Guarantors, the Dealer(s) or any other party to the transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus, or other 
persons that provide marketing services, or any of their respective affiliates, has provided, and none of them 
will provide, any investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other 
person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (Plan Fiduciary), has relied as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in the Securities, and they are not otherwise undertaking to act as a 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan Investor 
or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor’s acquisition of the Securities; and (ii) the 
Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Securities. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the "Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities", "Terms and Conditions 
of the W&C Securities" or any other section of this Base Prospectus (in each case as applicable).  In addition

--- Page 13 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
13 
 
 
the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(i) 
US$, $, USD and U.S. dollars are to United States Dollars; 
(ii) 
GBP and £ are to Pounds Sterling; 
(iii) 
euro, EUR and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
(iv) 
Yen, JPY and ¥ are to Japanese Yen; and 
(v) 
Renminbi, RMB or CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC) 
which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series of Securities.  Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 14 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 16 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 20 
Investment Considerations ............................................................................................................................... 89 
Important Information Relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Securities ............................................................ 100 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .......................................................................................................... 103 
Available Information .................................................................................................................................... 110 
Credit Ratings ................................................................................................................................................. 111 
Commonly asked Questions about the Programme ........................................................................................ 113 
Form of the Securities .................................................................................................................................... 142 
Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt N&C Securities ................................................................................. 148 
Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities ................................................................................................ 201 
Use of Proceeds of the N&C Securities ......................................................................................................... 329 
Form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt W&C Securities ................................................................................ 330 
Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities ............................................................................................... 350 
Use of Proceeds of the W&C Securities ......................................................................................................... 412 
Annex 
 
1. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities ......................................................... 413 
2. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities ....................................................... 436 
3. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for FX Linked Securities ............................................................. 461 
4. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Securities ............................................... 466 
5. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities .......................................................... 493 
6. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities .................................................... 526 
7. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) .......................................................................................................................... 545 
8. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C Securities ........................................ 605 
9. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Swedish Securities ................................................................. 613 
10. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss Securities ..................................................................... 623 
11. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Short Price Payout N&C Securities....................................... 631 
12. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked N&C Securities ............................. 636 
13. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for MOT N&C Securities ............................................................ 640 
14. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for SeDeX W&C Securities ........................................................ 643 
15. 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) .......................................................................................................................... 648 
 
Form of NHI Guarantee.................................................................................................................................. 724 
Form of NSC Guarantee ................................................................................................................................. 731 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ...................................................................................................................... 737 
Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions .................................................... 742 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 751 
Description of the NHI Guarantor .................................................................................................................. 760 
Description of the NSC Guarantor ................................................................................................................. 769 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 773 
Offering and Sale ............................................................................................................................................ 794 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 815

--- Page 15 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
15 
Schedule 1 
1.
Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt N&C Securities ................................................................ 819 
2.
Form of Pricing Supplement for Preference Share Linked Exempt N&C Securities ........................ 870 
3.
Form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt W&C Securities ............................................................... 889

--- Page 16 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
16 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
Issuer: 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
LEI of Issuer: 
5493006YXUX4IZ8XXW98 
Arranger: 
Nomura Singapore Limited 
NHI Guarantor: 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
NSC Guarantor: 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. 
Description: 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
Guarantee: 
N&C Securities may be guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor or the NSC 
Guarantor or unguaranteed.  W&C Securities may be guaranteed by the 
NHI Guarantor or unguaranteed. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant N&C Securities are 
guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor, such series of N&C Securities will be 
guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor only.  If the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the relevant N&C Securities are guaranteed by the NSC 
Guarantor, such series of N&C Securities will be guaranteed by the NSC 
Guarantor only. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant W&C Securities are 
guaranteed and the application of the relevant Guarantee to such W&C 
Securities is specifically authorised by an executive officer of the NHI 
Guarantor authorised by the NHI Guarantor's Executive Management 
Board and the date of such authorisation is included in the applicable Final 
Terms, such W&C Securities will be guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor 
only. Prospective purchasers should note that the Guarantee will not be 
applicable in respect of a series of Securities unless expressly specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any series of Securities does not 
state that the Securities of such series are guaranteed, or, in the case of 
W&C Securities, where the application of the relevant Guarantee to any 
Series of W&C Securities is not specifically authorised by an executive 
officer of the NHI Guarantor authorised by the NHI Guarantor's Executive 
Management Board and no date of such authorisation is included in the 
applicable Final Terms, then such Securities will not have the benefit of a 
guarantee from the NHI Guarantor, the NSC Guarantor or any other 
guarantee or similar arrangements from the NHI Guarantor, the NSC 
Guarantor or any other party. 
Calculation Agent: 
Nomura International plc or such other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Principal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Types of Securities: 
Securities issued under the Programme may be (i) admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (a Non-Exempt N&C Security or a Non-Exempt W&C 
Security as applicable, and together Non-Exempt Securities) or (ii) 
neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market in the EEA or (b) a 
United Kingdom (UK) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) in the

--- Page 17 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
17 
 
 
UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as the case may be (an Exempt N&C Security or an Exempt W&C 
Security as applicable, and together Exempt Securities).   
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF) to approve this document as a base prospectus in 
respect of Non-Exempt Securities only. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to 
approve this document as a base prospectus in respect of Exempt Securities 
only. 
Securities of any kind may be issued, including, but not limited to Index 
Linked Securities, Equity Linked Securities, FX Linked Securities, 
Commodity Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Inflation Linked 
Securities, Credit Linked Securities and Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities.  Only those Securities specifically contemplated within this 
Base Prospectus may be issued as Non-Exempt Securities. 
In the case of N&C Securities, unless the relevant N&C Securities are 
Exempt Securities, the N&C Securities may only be FX Redemption N&C 
Securities, Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities, Equity 
Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities, Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, Index 
Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities, Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, Equity 
Basket Autocall N&C Securities, Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities, 
Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities, Zero 
Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities, Auction to Cash Settled 
Credit Linked Securities, Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C 
Securities, Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities, Reverse 
Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities, Geared Put Swap 
Rate Redemption N&C Securities or Zero Coupon Securities and, if the 
N&C Securities are interest bearing, Fixed Rate N&C Securities, Floating 
Rate N&C Securities, Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities, Equity Basket 
Conditional Interest N&C Securities, Index Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities, Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities, Range Accrual 
Interest N&C Securities, Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities, 
Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities or Swap Rate Linked Interest 
N&C Securities or, as applicable, and only where specifically 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus, a combination of the foregoing. 
In the case of W&C Securities, unless the relevant W&C Securities are 
Exempt Securities, the W&C Securities may be FX Basket Knock-Out 
W&C Securities, FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities or Equity Delta 
One W&C Securities. 
 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, securities may be 
settled in various currencies, including without limitation, Argentine 
Pesos, Australian Dollars, Brazilian Real, Canadian Dollars, Chinese 
Renminbi, Czech Koruna, Euros, Hong Kong Dollars, Indian Rupees, 
Indonesian Rupiah, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit, 
Mexican Pesos, Norwegian Krone, Philippine Pesos, Polish Zloty, Pounds 
Sterling, Romanian Leu, Russian Rubles, Singapore Dollars, Swedish 
Krona, Swiss Francs, Taiwanese Dollars, Thai Baht, Turkish Lira, United 
States Dollars and Vietnamese Dong.

--- Page 18 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
18 
 
 
Swedish Securities: 
Securities issued pursuant to the Programme may include Swedish 
Securities. 
Swiss Securities: 
Securities issued pursuant to the Programme may include Swiss Securities. 
Status of the Securities: 
Securities are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject, in the 
case of N&C Securities only, to the provisions of a negative pledge) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without 
prejudice among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation) at least equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Status of each Guarantee: 
The obligations of the relevant Guarantor under a Guarantee will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject, in the case of N&C 
Securities only, to the provisions of a negative pledge) unsecured 
obligations of that Guarantor and shall (subject as aforesaid and save for 
obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory 
exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of that Guarantor. 
Programme Limit: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities issued by the 
Issuer and from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed USD13,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement and in this "General 
Description of the Programme" section).  However, this limit may be varied 
in accordance with the procedures specified in the Programme Agreement.  
Calculation 
of 
N&C 
Securities outstanding: 
This Base Prospectus and any supplements hereto will, in relation to N&C 
Securities, only be valid for the issuance of Securities in an aggregate 
nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then 
outstanding of all N&C Securities previously or simultaneously issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme, does not exceed the then applicable 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities limit or its 
equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the U.S. 
dollar nominal amount of the then applicable N&C Securities issued under 
the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of N&C Securities denominated in 
another Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall be determined, at the discretion of the 
Issuer, either as of the date of agreement to issue such N&C 
Securities (the Agreement Date) or on the preceding day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, in each 
case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of U.S. dollars 
against the purchase of the relevant Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading bank 
selected by the Issuer on such date; or 
(b) 
the U.S. dollar amount of any N&C Securities or, where 
applicable, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount (other than 
as provided below) shall be determined by reference to (i) the 
original Aggregate Nominal Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such amount is specified 
the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue;

--- Page 19 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
19 
 
 
(c) 
the U.S. dollar amount (or, where applicable, the U.S. dollar 
equivalent of the amount) of Zero Coupon N&C Securities (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall be calculated 
(where applicable, in the manner specified above) by reference 
to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue; 
or 
(d) 
the U.S. dollar amount (or, where applicable, the U.S. dollar 
equivalent of the amount) of Deeply Discounted N&C 
Securities shall be calculated (where applicable, in the manner 
specified above) by reference to the net proceeds received by 
the Issuer for the relevant issue. For these purposes, Deeply 
Discounted N&C Securities means N&C Securities with an 
Issue Price of equal to or less than 80% of the original 
aggregate nominal amount of such N&C Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus in respect of Non-Exempt Securities only. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document 
as a base prospectus in respect of Exempt Securities only. 
Application has been made to the LuxSE for Non-Exempt Securities issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the LuxSE. Application has 
also been made to the LuxSE for Exempt Securities issued under the 
Programme to be listed admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the 
LuxSE and to be listed on the Official List of the LuxSE. 
 
Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as determined by the Issuer.  
Securities which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchange(s) and/or market(s). 
Governing law: 
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
Each Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it will also be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law.

--- Page 20 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
20 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Unless otherwise stated, the following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt 
Securities. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, their industry and an 
individual issue of Securities summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms for that particular issue 
of Securities are the risks that each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the most essential to an 
assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in such Securities. Prospective 
investors should consider both the information on the key risks summarised in the summary annexed to the 
Final Terms and the risks and uncertainties described below. 
In purchasing Securities, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Securities or under the Guarantee.  There 
is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming 
unable to make all payments due.  Certain factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor currently deem not to 
be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's control.  The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors 
which could materially adversely affect their businesses and the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
any cash amounts in connection with any Cash Settled Securities (Cash Settled Securities) or to deliver the 
Entitlement in connection with any Physical Delivery Securities (Physical Delivery Securities).  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the N&C Securities" or the "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities", as applicable 
(together the "Conditions" and references herein to "relevant Conditions" shall be construed accordingly).

--- Page 21 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
21 
 
 
 
Table of Contents for Risk Factors. 
 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Nomura Group 
Page 21 
1. Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Securities issued 
under the Programme 
Page 21 
2. Factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee Page 21 
3. Risks relating to the Issuer's business 
Page 22 
4. Risks relating to the Nomura Group 
Page 24 
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
Page 38 
5. Risks relating to key features, terms and conditions of the Securities affecting the value 
and liquidity of and return on the Securities 
Page 38 
6. Risks relating to conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Nomura Group and the Calculation 
Agent and certain discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
Page 43 
7. Risks relating to Securities linked to or that reference a financial benchmark 
Page 44 
8. Risks relating to particular Reference Items 
Page 51 
9. Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the Programme 
Page 73 
10. Risks relating to regulation of the Securities and the financial markets 
Page 83 
 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Nomura Group 
1. Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Securities issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the NHI Guarantor, which together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries shall be referred to in this "Risk Factors" section as the Nomura Group.  
There are substantial inter-relationships between the Issuer and other Nomura Group companies. These may 
include the provision of funding, capital services and logistical support by one or more group companies to 
another group company(ies), as well as having common or shared business or operational platforms or systems, 
including employees. 
If the financial condition of the Nomura Group were to deteriorate, the Issuer and investors in the Securities may 
suffer direct and materially adverse consequences. Accordingly, prospective investors in Securities should 
review, inter alia, the risk factors set out in the section entitled "Risks relating to the Nomura Group" below. 
2. Factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
The NHI Guarantor 
Guaranteed Securities issued under the Programme may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) be 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by the NHI Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. Therefore, in the case 
of Securities guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor, if the NHI Guarantor's financial condition were to deteriorate, 
the Issuer and investors in the Securities may suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including 
reductions to the size of expected payments, delays to the timing of such payments, or no payments at all.

--- Page 22 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
22 
 
 
Accordingly, prospective investors in Securities guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor should review, inter alia, 
the factors below in respect of the NHI Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
The NHI Guarantor (referred to in this "Risk Factors" sections as NHI) is a holding company for the Nomura 
Group. The NHI Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee may therefore be affected by 
certain factors as set out in the section entitled "Risks relating to the Nomura Group" below, which may affect 
the NHI Guarantor directly or other entities within the Nomura Group. 
The NSC Guarantor 
Guaranteed Securities issued under the Programme which are N&C Securities may (if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) be guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by the NSC Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee. Therefore, in the case of N&C Securities guaranteed by the NSC Guarantor, if the NSC Guarantor's 
financial condition were to deteriorate, the Issuer and investors in the Securities may suffer direct and 
materially adverse consequences, including reductions to the size of expected payments, delays to the timing 
of such payments, or no payments at all. Accordingly, prospective investors in N&C Securities guaranteed by 
the NSC Guarantor should review, inter alia, the factors below in respect of the NSC Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
The NSC Guarantor (referred to in this "Risk Factors" sections as NSC) is part of the Nomura Group. The 
NSC Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee may therefore be affected by certain 
factors as set out in the section entitled "Risks relating to the Nomura Group" below, which may affect the 
NSC Guarantor directly or other entities within the Nomura Group. 
3. Risks relating to the Issuer's business 
Market Risk 
The Issuer itself may hold positions in assets. Changes in market prices (for instance share prices, bond prices 
or loan prices) or in other factors affecting asset values (such as the general situation of the global economy or 
economic and political conditions in relevant countries) may adversely affect the performance of any assets 
that the Issuer may hold. A negative performance of any relevant asset held by the Issuer would adversely 
affect the Issuer's financial situation and its profits. 
Reference Item Price Risk and Issuer Credit Risk 
The Issuer may issue instruments with returns linked to the performance of certain underlying reference assets or 
bases (each such asset and/or basis, a Reference Item). The Issuer may enter into hedging transactions in order 
to hedge its position in respect of such instruments. Fluctuations in the relevant exchange or other relevant 
markets may result in the proceeds of the hedging transactions being less than the liabilities under the 
instruments. This may adversely affect the Issuer's financial situation and its profits. 
Interest Rate Risk 
It is anticipated that the Issuer will generate part of its financial results through interest yields. Fluctuations in 
the relevant applicable interest rate (including the ratio between short and long term interest rates among one 
another) may influence the profits of the Issuer. The composition of financial assets and liabilities as well as 
the mismatches resulting from such composition may cause a change in the profits of the Issuer as a result of 
fluctuations in interest rates. Changes in interest rate levels have a particular impact on differing maturity dates 
and currencies. A mismatch between the maturity of interest bearing financial assets and interest bearing 
liabilities within a certain time may have a considerable adverse effect on the financial situation and results of 
the Issuer. 
Currency Risk 
The Issuer may enter into transactions in currencies other than its functional currency (U.S. Dollars). Changes in 
exchange rates may result in foreign exchange gains and losses. 
Liquidity Risk 
The Issuer may hold various financial assets. Besides market risk, such assets are also subject to the risk that as a 
result of insufficient market liquidity the relevant assets cannot be sold or hedged on short notice or can only be 
sold for a lower price. Such risk especially exists in relation to assets for which there are no markets with

--- Page 23 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
23 
 
 
sufficient liquidity from the beginning. Limited liquidity in respect of such assets may also adversely affect the 
liquidity of the Issuer. 
Regulatory Risk 
The Issuer's business activities in each jurisdiction in which it operates or has business dealings, either now or in 
the future, are, or may in the future be, subject to extensive supervision and regulation. Changes in laws or 
regulation may require the Issuer to change its business or certain products and cause significant costs to the 
Issuer. Furthermore, as a result of changes in the relevant regulatory authority's code of practice the Issuer may 
have to change part of its business or products or increase its administrative expenses to comply with the changed 
regulatory requirements which again will involve an increase of cost for the Issuer. Such possible increase in 
costs would adversely affect the Issuer's financial situation and profits. 
The business of the Issuer and other members of the Nomura Group may be affected by global financial 
regulatory reforms, including but not limited to the regulatory changes brought about by the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in the United States (Financial Reform Legislation). These 
reforms are ongoing and it is difficult precisely to predict how proposals and other draft regulations may impact 
the business strategy, operations and costs of the Issuer and other members of the Nomura Group until such 
reforms are fully implemented. However, by way of illustration only, and without attempting to be exhaustive, 
Financial Reform Legislation may impose limits on the maximum position that could be held by a single trader 
in certain of the Reference Items and may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could 
create barriers to some types of hedging activity by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. Other provisions of 
Financial Reform Legislation could require certain Reference Items or hedging transactions to be cleared, 
traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in some cases, the 
public. Financial Reform Legislation may also expand entity licensing or registration requirements and impose 
business conduct requirements on persons active in the swaps market (including new capital and margin 
requirements), which may affect the value of the Reference Items or value and/or cost of hedging transactions.  
The regulations, requirements or obligations described above may adversely affect the value, trading price and 
viability of the Securities and could potentially limit or completely restrict the ability of the Issuer to hedge its 
exposure on the Securities, increase the costs of hedging or make hedging strategies less effective.  
The Issuer may also be indirectly affected by any impact that the comprehensive changes to the capital 
adequacy framework proposed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) may 
have on the Nomura Group (such changes commonly referred to as Basel III).  Such potential impact is 
discussed in more detail in the section entitled "Risks relating to the Nomura Group" below. 
Reputational Risk 
The Issuer constantly depends on generating new business. Therefore, the Issuer is continuously in discussion 
with business partners and clients in order to generate new business. A deterioration of the Issuer's business 
reputation (or the reputation of the Nomura Group generally), particularly in form of negative media publicity, 
may have the effect that potential clients and business partners decide against entering into business 
transactions with the Issuer. This may have an adverse effect on the profitability and, therefore, the perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
Operational Risk / Business Risk 
For its business operations the Issuer depends on access to human resources and infrastructure to ensure its 
profitability and credit rating in the long term. Such operations are primarily supported by other group 
affiliates. Operational incidents (e.g. natural disasters, pandemics, accidents and terrorist action) and disruption 
in the support from group affiliates, which are not reasonably foreseeable and which prevent the normal course 
of business are likely to lead to adverse economic consequences for the Issuer. This similarly applies to a loss 
of personnel which cannot be compensated by usual counteractive measures, such as new hiring or transfer of 
personnel. Such events may have a negative effect on the financial situation (including creditworthiness) and 
the business performance of the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
24 
 
 
Risks relating to Singapore taxation 
The Securities are complex structured financial instruments, and the Singapore taxation section in the Base 
Prospectus does not purport to discuss all of the potential Singapore tax issues which may arise under all 
circumstances. The tax treatment for the purposes of goods and service tax on transactions in complex warrants 
is not entirely certain in Singapore. In addition, the Issuer is not a tax exempt entity in Singapore, and while 
the Issuer will seek to minimise its tax liabilities, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will never be subject 
to Singapore income tax on its income which may adversely affect its ability to make payment on Securities. 
Prospective holders of Securities, whether subject to tax in Singapore or any other jurisdiction, should consult 
their own tax advisers in all relevant jurisdictions to obtain advice about their particular tax treatment.  
4. Risks relating to the Nomura Group 
In this Document, the term "Nomura Group" describes the NHI Guarantor (or "NHI") and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, including the Issuer and the NSC Guarantor (or "NSC"), each of which is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the NHI Guarantor. Any factors which affect the financial condition and/or 
creditworthiness of the NHI Guarantor may have a direct or indirect impact upon the financial 
condition and/or creditworthiness of other entities within the Nomura Group, including the Issuer and 
the NSC Guarantor. Accordingly, risks identified in this "Risks relating to the Nomura Group" section 
relating to the NHI Guarantor should, unless the context requires otherwise, be construed as potentially 
applying also to all other entities within the Nomura Group including, in particular, the Issuer and the 
NSC Guarantor. 
The Nomura Group's business may be materially affected by financial markets, economic conditions 
and market fluctuations in Japan and elsewhere around the world  
The Nomura Group's business and revenues may be affected by any adverse changes or volatility in the 
Japanese and global economic environments and financial markets. In addition, not only purely economic 
factors but also wars, acts of terrorism, economic or political sanctions, pandemics, forecasts of geopolitical 
risks and geopolitical events which have actually occurred, natural disasters or other similar events could have 
an effect on the financial markets and economies of each country. If any adverse events including those 
discussed above were to occur, a market or economic downturn may last for a long period of time, which could 
adversely affect the Nomura Group's business and can result in it incurring substantial losses. In addition to 
conditions in financial markets, social conditions such as the long-term trends of population ageing and 
population decline faced by Japan are expected to continue to put downward pressure on demand in the 
businesses in which the Nomura Group operates, including, in particular, its retail business. The following are 
certain risks related to the financial markets and economic conditions for the Nomura Group's specific 
businesses.  
Governmental fiscal and monetary policy changes in Japan, or in any other country or region where the 
Nomura Group conducts business may affect its business, financial condition and results of operations  
The Nomura Group engages in its business globally through domestic and international offices. Governmental 
fiscal, monetary and other policy changes in Japan, or in any other country or region where the Nomura Group 
conducts business may affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any 
changes to the monetary policy of the Bank of Japan or central banks in major economies worldwide, which 
could potentially be followed by volatility of interest rate or yields may negatively affect the Nomura Group's 
ability to provide asset management products to its clients as well as the Nomura Group's and its clients’ 
trading and investment activities, for example by decreased returns for fixed income products in the prolonged 
low interest rate environment in Japan.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected the Nomura Group’s business, clients and employees and this may 
continue in the future 
The COVID-19 pandemic that began in 2020, and governmental measures to prevent its spread, have 
significantly affected the operating environment, for example causing volatility in global equity prices, interest 
rates and elsewhere and a widening of credit spreads. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to, in many affected 
areas, successive widespread lockdowns and similar government action worldwide, including Japan, Europe, 
America and elsewhere, and continues in many of these places. In response to the pandemic and subsequent

--- Page 25 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
25 
 
 
lockdowns, the Nomura Group has activated contingency plans, and has implemented robust arrangements for 
its employees to work remotely. However, these measures may not be successful or sufficient, and may cause 
additional risks, such as challenges in supervision over employees working remotely or increased risk of 
cyberattacks. The continuation of such measures, even if limited to certain regions, will continue to impact 
societal and economic functions, which has and is expected to continue to adversely affect the Nomura Group's 
business and results of operations. Even while the spread of the disease may gradually subside as vaccination 
efforts progress, ongoing negative effects on markets, economic activity or the operating environment could 
further adversely affect the Nomura Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Brexit may adversely affect the Nomura Group’s business on various fronts 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (UK) withdrew from the European Union (EU) under the 
Withdrawal Agreement between the UK and the EU (Brexit). On 31 December 2020, a transition period during 
which the rules and regulations of the EU continued to apply to the UK expired. Although the UK and EU 
entered a trade and cooperation agreement governing their relationship prior to the expiration of the transition 
period, such agreement does not comprehensively address the financial industry, and there continues to be 
uncertainty as to the longer term consequences that Brexit may have on the Nomura Group’s business.  
Prior to Brexit, the Nomura Group conducted business in Europe primarily through Nomura International plc 
(NIP), its broker-dealer arm established in London, as its regional hub; but following the end of the transition 
period, the Nomura Group moved to a structure that provides client-facing services and other services centered 
on Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH (NFPE), its licensed broker-dealer in Germany. Although the 
Nomura Group is taking various measures to manage the risks associated with Brexit and to mitigate the 
impacts of uncertainty in the market as a whole, delays or other issues in its transition of business to NFPE as 
well as the risks to the broader financial system associated with the transition may adversely affect the Nomura 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Nomura Group's brokerage and asset management revenues may decline  
A market downturn could result in a decline in the revenues generated by the Nomura Group's brokerage 
business because of a decline in the volume and value of securities that the Nomura Group brokers for its 
clients. Also, within the Nomura Group's asset management and investment management business, in most 
cases, the Nomura Group charges fees and commissions for managing its clients' portfolios that are based on 
the market value of their portfolios. A market downturn that reduces the market value of the Nomura Group's 
clients' portfolios may increase the amount of withdrawals or reduce the amount of new investments in these 
portfolios, and would reduce the revenue the Nomura Group receives from these businesses. Also, any changes 
in the Nomura Group's clients' investment preferences on their asset portfolios, including shifting investment 
assets to stable assets such as deposits and/or passive funds, which bring relatively low commission rates, may 
reduce the Nomura Group's revenue as well. A market downturn or a change in investor preferences as 
described above may adversely affect the financial performance of the Nomura Group and the market 
perception thereof. In turn, this could have an adverse impact on the demand (if any) for the Securities in the 
secondary market. 
The Nomura Group's investment banking revenues may decline  
Changes in financial or economic conditions would likely affect the number and size of transactions for which 
the Nomura Group provides securities underwriting, financial advisory and other investment banking services. 
The Nomura Group's investment banking revenues, which include fees from these services, are directly related 
to the number and size of the transactions in which the Nomura Group participates and would therefore 
decrease if there are financial and market changes unfavourable to its investment banking business and its 
clients.  
For example, net revenue from the Nomura Group's investment banking activities declined during the year 
ended 31 March 2020 compared to the year ended 31 March 2019 primarily due to a market downturn from 
February 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the Nomura Group's investment banking net 
revenues have increased during the year ended 31 March 2021 compared to the year ended 31 March 2020, 
M&A activities and other investment banking activities are expected to continue to be negatively impacted by 
the pandemic for the foreseeable future.

--- Page 26 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
26 
 
 
Any such decrease in the Nomura Group's investment banking revenues may have an adverse impact on the 
Nomura Group's financial performance, which could in turn adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Ultimately, a sustained decrease in investment banking revenues caused by severe and continuing changes in 
financial or economic conditions may adversely affect the creditworthiness of the Issuer and as a result, 
increase the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities.  
The Nomura Group's electronic trading business revenues may decline  
Electronic trading is essential for the Nomura Group's business in order to execute trades faster with fewer 
resources. Utilising these systems allows the Nomura Group to provide an efficient execution platform and 
on-line content and tools to its clients via exchanges or other automated trading facilities. Revenue from the 
Nomura Group's electronic trading, which includes trading commissions and bid-offer spreads, is directly 
correlated with the number and size of the transactions in which the Nomura Group participates. Competition 
in electronic trading is intense and the introduction of highly discounted or no-commission trades at 
competitors has and will continue to exert pressure on the Nomura Group's electronic and traditional trading 
revenue. Moreover, such revenue would decrease if there are financial market or economic changes that would 
cause its clients to trade less frequently or in a smaller amounts. Even if trade volumes increase due to the 
convenience of electronic trading, this may not be sufficient to offset margin erosion in the Nomura Group's 
execution business, leading to a potential decline in revenue generated from this business. The Nomura Group 
continues to invest in developing technologies to provide an efficient trading platform; however, the Nomura 
Group may fail to maximise returns on these investments due to this increased pressure on lowering margins. 
Increased competition and/or reduced demand for electronic trading services as described above may adversely 
affect those areas of the Nomura Group's business that rely on such services to generate sales and revenue. 
Over time this could have a negative impact on the Nomura Group's financial performance more broadly, 
which may adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The Nomura Group may incur significant losses from its trading and investment activities  
The Nomura Group maintains trading and investment positions in fixed income, equity and other markets, 
both for proprietary purposes and for the purpose of facilitating its clients' trades. The Nomura Group's 
positions consist of various types of assets, including securities, derivatives transactions with equity, interest 
rate, currency, credit and other underliers, as well as loans and reverse repurchase agreements. Fluctuations in 
the markets where these assets are traded can adversely affect the value of the Nomura Group's positions, in 
these assets, with downturns potentially negatively affecting long positions and upturns potentially negatively 
affecting short positions. Although the Nomura Group continues to mitigate these position risks with a variety 
of hedging techniques, it may also incur losses if the value of these assets fluctuate or if the financial system 
is overly stressed and the markets move in a way it has not anticipated.  
The Nomura Group's businesses have been, and may continue to be, affected by changes in market volatility 
levels. Certain of the Nomura Group's trading businesses such as those engaged in trading and arbitrage 
opportunities depend on market volatility to generate revenues. Lower volatility may lead to a decrease in 
business opportunities which may affect the results of operations of these businesses. On the other hand, while 
higher volatility can increase trading volumes and spreads, it also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk 
(VaR) and may expose the Nomura Group to higher risks in connection with its market-making and proprietary 
businesses. Higher volatility can also cause the Nomura Group to reduce the outstanding positions or size of 
these businesses in order to avoid increasing its VaR.  
For example, in March 2021, following the default of a U.S. prime brokerage client in respect of a margin call 
(the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event), the Nomura Group issued a close-out event notice to such client, and 
proceeded to wind down positions held as hedges for transactions with the client. Despite the Nomura Group's 
efforts to wind down the relevant positions in a way that would limit losses to the Nomura Group and impacts 
on the market, volatility in the underlying securities led it to recognise a trading loss of ¥204.2 billion during 
the year ended 31 March 2021. The Nomura Group also recognises a provision for current expected credit 
losses of ¥41.6 billion during the same period to reflect a shortfall in the value of securities pledged as collateral 
by the client against financing provided to the client, caused by a decrease in the value of such securities before 
the Nomura Group were able to liquidate them. The unwinding of the underlying positions was completed in 
the first quarter of the fiscal year ending 31 March 2022 and the Nomura Group recognised additional losses 
of ¥65.4 billion in the three months ending 30 June 2021 as a result. Despite the Nomura Group's actions in

--- Page 27 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
27 
 
 
response to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event, including to improve its risk management activities, its business 
model necessarily involves significant trading activity, and it may record significant losses as a result of such 
trading activity again in the future. 
Furthermore, the Nomura Group commits capital to take relatively large positions for underwriting or 
warehousing assets to facilitate certain capital market transactions. The Nomura Group also structures and 
takes positions in pilot funds for developing financial investment products and invests seed money to set up 
and support financial investment products. The Nomura Group may incur significant losses from these 
positions in the event of significant market fluctuations.  
In addition, if the Nomura Group is the party providing collateral in a transaction, significant declines in the 
value of the collateral or a requirement to provide additional collateral due to a decline in its creditworthiness 
(by way of a lowered credit rating or otherwise) can increase its costs and reduce its profitability. On the other 
hand, if the Nomura Group is the party receiving collateral from its clients and counterparties, such declines 
may also affect its profitability due to a decrease in client transactions. Following the U.S. Prime Brokerage 
Event, multiple ratings agencies downgraded their outlook with regards to the Nomura Group's ratings, which, 
if not resolved positively, may lead to downgrades in its ratings.  
Transition from LIBOR to alternative rate indices may adversely affect the Nomura Group’s business 
The Nomura Group trades derivatives including interest rate swaps and underwrites bonds and loans which 
refer to Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs) such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). Following 
the LIBOR manipulation scandal in 2012, the FCA confirmed on 5 March 2021 the cessation effective dates 
of all LIBOR currencies and tenors.  Regulators of each country including Japan have expressed their intention 
to request that financial transactions that refer to LIBOR be converted to alternative rate indices and that 
measures be taken in preparation for the permanent cessation of LIBOR. All the transaction agreements which 
refer to LIBOR and remain after LIBOR cessation are expected to be revised or to be amended adding a clause 
of “fallback” rate that is agreed between the contracting parties in advance of the cessation of LIBOR. 
However, the details of calculation methodologies of alternative rate indices are under discussion in each 
country currently, and such transfers will involve the development of new calculation methods for alternative 
rates, revisions to relevant contracts and modifications to the application of accounting principles to the 
relevant transactions. These changes could require the Nomura Group to incur additional costs and subject it 
to risks associated with systematic reform, operational application and client disclosure, or adversely impact 
the pricing, volatility and liquidity of financial products including derivatives, bonds and loans which refer 
IBORs as floating rate. Therefore, the Nomura Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
could be materially and adversely affected and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or other actions 
with counterparties or relative participants.  
The Nomura Group has established a firmwide LIBOR transition programme to manage the transition away 
from these IBORs which includes transitions to alternative reference rates i.e. risk-free rates (RFRs) (please 
see the "Investment Considerations" section). However, the transactions referring to the alternative rate indices 
are not yet widely familiar in the market, there is significant uncertainty regarding their application and 
acceptance, and the Nomura Group may not be successful in managing this transition without potentially 
serious disruption to its business. 
Holding large and concentrated positions of securities and other assets may expose the Nomura Group to 
large losses  
Holding large and concentrated positions of certain securities can expose the Nomura Group to large losses in 
its businesses such as market-making, block trading, underwriting, asset securitisation, prime brokerage, 
acquiring newly-issued convertible debt securities through third-party allotment or providing business 
solutions to meet clients' needs. The Nomura Group has committed substantial amounts of capital to these 
businesses. This often requires the Nomura Group to take large positions in the securities of a particular issuer 
or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. Fluctuations in the prices of these securities can 
significantly affect the prices at which the Nomura Group is able to liquidate them when needed, resulting in 
the recording of significant trading losses, such as occurred in connection with the U.S. Prime Brokerage 
Event. The Nomura Group generally has higher exposure to those issuers engaged in financial services 
businesses, including commercial banks, broker-dealers, clearing houses, exchanges and investment

--- Page 28 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
28 
 
 
companies. There may also be cases where the Nomura Group holds relatively large amounts of securities by 
issuers in particular countries or regions due to the business it conducts with its clients or its counterparties. In 
addition, the Nomura Group may incur losses due to market fluctuations on asset-backed securities such as 
residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) and commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS).  
Extended market declines and decreases in market participants can reduce liquidity and lead to material losses  
Extended market declines can reduce the level of market activity and the liquidity of the assets traded in those 
markets in which the Nomura Group operates. Market liquidity may also be affected by decreases in market 
participants that could occur, for example, if financial institutions scale back market-related businesses due to 
increasing regulation or other reasons. As a result, it may be difficult for the Nomura Group to sell, hedge or 
value such assets which the Nomura Group holds. Also, in the event that a market fails in pricing such assets, 
it will be difficult to estimate their value. If the Nomura Group cannot properly close out or hedge its associated 
positions in a timely manner or in full, particularly with respect to Over-The-Counter (OTC) derivatives, it 
may incur substantial losses. Further, if the liquidity of a market significantly decreases and the market may 
become unable to price financial instruments held by the Nomura Group, this could lead to unanticipated 
losses.  
The Nomura Group's hedging strategies may not prevent losses  
The Nomura Group uses a variety of financial instruments and strategies to hedge its exposure to financial 
risks arising from the financial instruments it enters into for proprietary purposes or for its clients. If the 
Nomura Group's hedging strategies are not effective, the Nomura Group may incur losses. The Nomura Group 
bases many of its hedging strategies on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if the Nomura 
Group holds an asset, it may hedge this position by taking a position in another asset which has, historically, 
moved in a direction that would offset a change in value of the former asset. However, historical trading 
patterns and correlations may not continue, as seen in the case of past financial crises, and these hedging 
strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating the Nomura Group's risk exposure because it is exposed to 
all types of risk in a variety of market environments. Moreover, not all hedging strategies are effective against 
all kinds of risk, and certain strategies may, if the risk is not otherwise appropriately managed, increase the 
Nomura Group's risk. For example, many of the transactions leading to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event 
entailed providing the client with "total return swap" derivative exposure to certain equities. In order to hedge 
the "total return" payments the Nomura Group was obligated to make to the client, it held cash positions in the 
underlying equities. However, this specific hedging strategy was not intended to hedge the risk of a default by 
the client and the potential need to liquidate the underlying positions in a volatile market environment. When 
such risk was realised, the Nomura Group's hedging strategy of holding the underlying securities meant that it 
was exposed to such market fluctuations, contributing to the losses it recognised. 
The Nomura Group's risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in managing market 
risk  
The Nomura Group's policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. 
Although some of the Nomura Group's methods of managing risk are based upon observed historical market 
data, the future movements in the financial markets may not be the same as was observed in the past. As a 
result, the Nomura Group may suffer large losses through unexpected future risk exposures. Other risk 
management methods that the Nomura Group uses also rely on its evaluation of information regarding markets, 
clients or other matters, which is publicly available or otherwise accessible by the Nomura Group. This 
information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated, and the Nomura Group may be 
unable to properly assess its risks, and thereby suffer large losses. Furthermore, certain factors, such as market 
volatility, may render the Nomura Group's risk evaluation model unsuitable for a new market environment. In 
such event, the Nomura Group may become unable to evaluate or otherwise manage its risks adequately. 
Moreover, regardless of how well policies and procedures are designed, they must be properly implemented 
and followed in order to be effective, which may not always occur despite the Nomura Group's diligent efforts. 
Further, potential weaknesses in the Nomura Group's organisation structures and governance frameworks may 
lead to misunderstanding over roles and responsibilities.

--- Page 29 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
29 
 
 
For example, with respect to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event, the Nomura Group suffered significant losses 
through exposures to the client’s counterparty risk and market risks relating to the securities underlying the 
prime brokerage transactions with the client. The Nomura Group has reviewed and are in the process of 
completing a number of actions to comprehensively review, revise and strengthen its risk management policies 
and procedures and the implementation thereof. Such actions remain ongoing, however, and when completed, 
may not be sufficient to prevent similar exposure to such risks in the future, including to identify and rectify 
potential shortcomings, whether within the same business or among the Nomura Group's many other business 
units, impairing the ability of such policies and procedures to prevent future losses. 
Market risk may increase other risks that the Nomura Group faces  
In addition to the potentially adverse effects on the Nomura Group's businesses described above, market risk 
could exacerbate other risks that the Nomura Group faces. For example, the risks inherent in financial 
instruments developed through financial engineering and innovation may be increased by market risk.  
Also, if the Nomura Group incurs substantial trading losses caused by its exposure to market risk, its need for 
liquidity could rise sharply while its access to cash may be impaired as a result of market perception of its 
credit risk.  
Furthermore, in a downturn in the market overall or for specific securities, the Nomura Group's clients and 
counterparties could incur substantial losses or experience other adverse events of their own, thereby 
weakening their financial condition and, as a result, increasing the credit risk they pose to the Nomura Group, 
such as occurred as part of the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event.  
The Nomura Group may have to recognise impairment charges with regard to the amount of goodwill, 
tangible and intangible assets recognised on its consolidated balance sheets  
The Nomura Group has purchased all or a part of the equity interests in, or operations from, certain other 
companies in order to pursue its business expansion, and expect to continue to do so when and as it deems 
appropriate. The Nomura Group accounts for certain of those and similar purchases and acquisitions as a 
business combination under U.S. GAAP by allocating the Nomura Group's acquisition costs to the assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed and recognising the remaining amount as goodwill. The Nomura Group also 
possesses tangible and intangible assets other than those stated above.  
The Nomura Group may have to recognise impairment losses, as well as other losses associated with 
subsequent transactions, with regard to the amount of goodwill, tangible and intangible assets and, recognised 
on the NHI Guarantor's consolidated group balance sheet which may adversely affect its financial condition 
and results of operations.  
Liquidity risk could impair the Nomura Group's ability to fund operations and jeopardise its financial 
condition  
Liquidity, or having ready access to cash, is essential to the Nomura Group's business. The Nomura Group 
defines liquidity risk as the risk of loss arising from difficulty in securing the necessary funding or from a 
significantly higher cost of funding than normal levels due to deterioration of its creditworthiness or 
deterioration in market conditions. In addition to maintaining a readily available cash position, the Nomura 
Group seeks to secure ample liquidity through repurchase agreements and securities lending transactions, long-
term borrowings and the issuance of long-term debt securities, diversification of its short-term funding sources 
such as commercial paper, and by holding a portfolio of highly liquid assets. The Nomura Group bears the risk 
that it may lose liquidity under certain circumstances, including the following:  
The Nomura Group may be unable to access unsecured or secured funding  
The Nomura Group continuously accesses unsecured funding from issuance of securities in the short-term 
credit markets and debt capital markets as well as bank borrowings to finance its day-to-day operations, 
including refinancing. The Nomura Group also enters into repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions to raise secured funding for its trading businesses. An inability to access unsecured or secured 
funding or funding at significantly higher cost than normal levels could have a substantial negative effect on 
its liquidity. For example, lenders could refuse to extend the credit necessary for the Nomura Group to conduct 
its business based on their assessment of the Nomura Group's long-term or short-term financial prospects if:

--- Page 30 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
30 
 
 
 
the Nomura Group incurs large trading losses,  
 
the level of its business activity decreases due to a market downturn, 
 
regulatory authorities take significant action against it, or  
 
its credit rating is downgraded.  
In addition to the above, the Nomura Group's ability to borrow in the debt capital markets could also be 
adversely impacted by factors that are not specific to the Nomura Group, such as reductions in banks' lending 
capacity, a severe disruption of the financial and credit markets, negative views about the general prospects 
for the investment banking, brokerage or financial services industries, or negative market perceptions of 
Japan's financial soundness.  
The Nomura Group may be unable to sell assets  
If the Nomura Group is unable to raise funds or if its liquidity declines significantly, it will need to liquidate 
assets or take other actions in order to meet its maturing liabilities. In volatile or uncertain market 
environments, overall market liquidity may decline. In a time of reduced market liquidity, the Nomura Group 
may be unable to sell some of its assets, or it may have to sell at depressed prices, which could adversely affect 
its results of operations and financial condition. The Nomura Group's ability to sell assets may also be 
adversely impacted by other market participants seeking to sell similar assets into the market at the same time.  
Lowering of the Nomura Group's credit ratings could impact its funding  
The Nomura Group's funding depends significantly on its credit ratings. Rating agencies may reduce or 
withdraw their ratings or place the Nomura Group on "credit watch" with negative implications. For example, 
following the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event, in March 2021, Fitch Ratings, Inc. placed the Nomura Group's 
credit ratings on negative watch and Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. changed the outlook on the Nomura 
Group's credit ratings to negative, which may lead either agency to downgrade its credit ratings in the future. 
Future downgrades could increase the Nomura Group's funding costs and limit its funding. This, in turn, could 
adversely affect its result of operations and its financial condition. In addition, other factors which are not 
specific to the Nomura Group may impact its funding, such as negative market perceptions of Japan's financial 
soundness.  
Event risk may cause losses in the Nomura Group's trading and investment assets as well as market and 
liquidity risk  
Event risk refers to potential losses the Nomura Group may suffer through unpredictable events that cause 
large unexpected market price movements such as natural or man-made disasters, epidemics, acts of terrorism, 
armed conflicts or political instability, as well as adverse events specifically affecting the Nomura Group's 
business activities or counterparties. These events include not only significant events such as the Great East 
Japan Earthquake in March 2011, the increasing tensions on the Korean Peninsula following North Korean 
nuclear tests in 2017, sudden and unexpected developments in global trade or security policies such as tensions 
between the United States and China since 2018, and the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 but also more 
specifically the following types of events that could cause losses in the Nomura Group's trading and investment 
assets:  
 
sudden and significant reductions in credit ratings with regard to financial instruments held by the 
Nomura Group's trading and investment businesses by major rating agencies;  
 
sudden changes in trading, tax, accounting, regulatory requirements, laws and other related rules which 
may make the Nomura Group's trading strategy obsolete, less competitive or no longer viable; or  
 
an unexpected failure in a corporate transaction in which the Nomura Group participates resulting in 
its not receiving the consideration the Nomura Group should have received, as well as bankruptcy, 
deliberate acts of fraud, and administrative penalty with respect to the issuers of its trading and 
investment assets.

--- Page 31 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
31 
 
 
The Nomura Group may be exposed to losses when third parties that are indebted to it do not perform 
their obligations to the Nomura Group 
The Nomura Group's counterparties are from time to time indebted or otherwise owe certain obligations (such 
as with regards to the posting of collateral) to the Nomura Group as a result of transactions or contracts, 
including loans, commitments to lend, other contingent liabilities and derivative transactions. The Nomura 
Group may incur material losses when its counterparties default or fail to perform on their obligations to it due 
to their filing for bankruptcy, a deterioration in their creditworthiness, lack of liquidity, operational failure, an 
economic or political event, repudiation of the transaction or for other reasons. Although the Nomura Group 
establishes and maintains allowances for credit losses, such allowances reflect management judgments and 
assumptions based on information available to them, which may be incorrect or incomplete, meaning these 
judgments and assumptions may prove to be incorrect, potentially significantly so. 
Credit risk may also arise from:  
 
holding securities issued by third parties; or  
 
the execution of securities, futures, currency or derivative transactions that fail to settle at the required 
time due to non-delivery by the counterparty, such as financial institutions and hedge funds which are 
counterparties to credit default swaps or systems failure by clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses 
or other financial infrastructure.  
Issues related to third party credit risk may include the following:  
Defaults by a large financial institution could adversely affect the financial markets generally and the Nomura 
Group specifically  
The commercial soundness of many financial institutions is closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships among the institutions. As a result, concern about the creditworthiness of or a 
default by, a certain financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems or losses in, or defaults 
by, other financial institutions. This may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, 
clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which the Nomura Group interacts on a daily 
basis. Actual defaults, increases in perceived default risk and other similar events could arise in the future and 
could have an adverse effect on the financial markets and on the Nomura Group. The Nomura Group's funding 
operations may be adversely affected if major financial institutions, Japanese or otherwise, fail or experience 
severe liquidity or solvency problems.  
There can be no assurance as to the accuracy of the information about, or the sufficiency of the collateral the 
Nomura Group uses in managing, its credit risk  
The Nomura Group regularly reviews its credit exposure to specific clients or counterparties and to specific 
countries and regions that it believes may present credit concerns. Default risk, however, may arise from events 
or circumstances that the Nomura Group does not detect, such as account-rigging and fraud. The Nomura 
Group may also fail to receive full information with respect to the risks of a counterparty, or to accurately 
manage and assess such information internally. For example, the Nomura Group's credit risk assessments with 
respect to the client whose default led to the U.S. Prime Brokerage Event did not reflect the full extent of the 
client's relevant trading activity. In addition, in cases where the Nomura Group has extended credit against 
collateral, it may fall into a deficiency in value in the collateral if sudden declines in market values reduce the 
value of its collateral, as was the case with loans extended to the prime brokerage client leading in part to the 
U.S. Prime Brokerage Event.  
The Nomura Group's clients and counterparties may be unable to perform their obligations to the Nomura 
Group as a result of political or economic conditions  
Country, regional and political risks are components of credit risk, as well as market risk. Political or economic 
pressures in a country or region, including those arising from local market disruptions or currency crises, may 
adversely affect the ability of clients or counterparties located in that country or region to obtain credit or 
foreign exchange, and therefore to perform their obligations owed to the Nomura Group.

--- Page 32 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
32 
 
 
Environmental, Social and Governance factors including climate change and broader associated policy 
changes in each jurisdiction could adversely affect the Nomura Group's business 
Increasing attention on the management of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors in the 
business makes it imperative that the Nomura Group continues to develop its policies in these areas, and 
positions itself in a positive light to interested stakeholders including its shareholders, clients and society at 
large. Lack of sufficient focus on ESG considerations may not only impede the Nomura Group’s ability to 
build a sustainable business model, but may also increase the Nomura Group’s vulnerability to ESG related 
risks such as risks associated with climate change in the medium to long-term.  
The Nomura Group considers climate change one of the most important  global challenges facing society. The 
direct impact of climate change, and the resulting changes in the business environment could cause losses to 
the Nomura Group. The climate change related risk is broadly divided into two parts; namely Physical Risks 
and Transition Risks, either of which may materially and adversely affect the Nomura Group. 
 
Physical Risk: The risk of physical damage or the impairment of the operating capability of the assets 
of the Nomura Group, clients and business partners due to climate change. This includes the potential 
impact of extreme weather events, fire and sea level flooding. 
 
Transition Risk: The risks associated with accelerated policy and external changes associated with the 
move towards addressing climate risk. This includes changes in government policies, industrial policy 
or carbon based taxes, changes in social or other preferences and rapid changes in technologies which 
have the potential to leave stranded assets that are no longer viable. 
The financial services industry faces intense competition  
The Nomura Group's businesses are intensely competitive, and are expected to remain so. The Nomura Group 
competes on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution capability, its products and 
services, innovation, reputation and price. The Nomura Group has experienced intense price competition, 
particularly in brokerage, investment banking and other businesses.  
Competition with commercial banks, commercial bank-owned securities subsidiaries,non-Japanese firms and 
online securities firms in the Japanese market is increasing  
Since the late 1990s, the financial services sector in Japan has undergone deregulation. Banks and certain other 
financial institutions became able to enter into the securities brokerage business in 2004 and firewalls between 
commercial banks and securities firms were deregulated in 2009, increasing the ability of securities firms with 
affiliated commercial banks to cooperate more closely with them. As a result, securities subsidiaries of 
commercial banks and non-Japanese firms with increased competitiveness have been affecting the Nomura 
Group's market shares in the sales and trading, investment banking and retail businesses. In recent years, 
competition is intensifying beyond the traditional financial sector based on the increasing digitalisation of the 
industry, not only with the rise of online securities firms  but also FinTech companies and the entry of non-
financial companies into the financial services sector. In order to address such changes in the competitive 
landscape, the Nomura Group has already begun various efforts to implement these changes in the competitive 
environment. However, these measures may not be successful in growing or maintaining the Nomura Group’s 
market share in this increasingly fierce competitive environment, and the Nomura Group may lose business or 
transactions to its competitors, harming its business and results of operations. 
Increased consolidation, business alliance and cooperation in the financial services groups industry mean 
increased competition for the Nomura Group  
There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. 
In particular, a number of large commercial banks and other broad-based large financial services groups have 
established or acquired broker-dealers or have consolidated with other financial institutions. These large 
financial services groups continue to develop business linkage within their respective groups in order to 
provide comprehensive financial services to clients, offering a wide range of products, including loans, 
deposit-taking, insurance, brokerage, asset management and investment banking services within their group, 
which may enhance their competitive position compared with the Nomura Group. They also have the ability 
to supplement their investment banking and brokerage businesses with commercial banking and other financial 
services revenues in an effort to gain market share. In addition, the financial services industry has seen

--- Page 33 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
33 
 
 
collaboration beyond the borders of businesses and industries, such as alliances between commercial banks 
and securities companies outside of the framework of existing corporate groups and recent alliances with non-
financial companies including emerging companies. The Nomura Group's competitiveness may be adversely 
affected if its competitors are able to expand their businesses and improve their profitability through such 
business alliances.  
The Nomura Group’s global business strategies have not resulted in the anticipated outcome to date, and the 
Nomura Group may not be able to successfully rebuild them  
The Nomura Group continues to believe there are significant opportunities in the international markets, but 
there is also significant competition associated with such opportunities. In order to take advantage of these 
opportunities, the Nomura Group will have to compete successfully with financial services firms based in 
important non-Japanese markets, including the U.S., Europe and Asia. For example, as a means to bolster the 
Nomura Group's international operations, the Nomura Group acquired certain Lehman Brothers operations in 
Europe, the Middle East and Asia in 2008. After the acquisition, however, market structures have changed 
drastically due to the scaling back of market-related businesses by European financial institutions and the 
monetary easing policies by European central banks, resulting in a decline in whole-market liquidity and 
despite the Nomura Group's efforts, it recognised an impairment loss of ¥81,372 million in the fiscal year 
ended 31 March 2019 in respect of these businesses. 
Since April 2019, the Nomura Group has been working to rebuild its global business platform, under which it 
aims to simplify its operating model, transform its business portfolio and pivot towards client businesses and 
growth areas, which it believes has been successful. In order to support further development of its international 
operations, the Nomura Group continues to grow its business organically and inorganically such as the 
acquisition of Greentech Capital Advisors in 2020. The Nomura Group will continue to review its entire 
business portfolio while looking at the competitive environment, and intends to implement its strategies in 
consideration of potential risks. However, the risk remains that it may be required to incur greater expenses 
than expected, or to commit greater financial, management and other resources to the strategies than expected, 
which could adversely affect its business and results of operations. Moreover, the assumptions and 
expectations upon which the strategies are based may not be correct, which could lead to it realising fewer 
benefits than expected or could even harm its business and results of operations overall. Furthermore, to the 
extent it reduces compensation or headcount as part of this strategy, its ability to attract and retain the 
employees needed to successfully run its businesses could be adversely affected. It may also be unsuccessful 
in designing a streamlined management structure, which could harm its ability to properly control or supervise 
its many businesses across the world. 
Misconduct or fraud by an employee, director or officer, or any third party, could occur, and the 
Nomura Group's reputation in the market and its relationships with clients could be harmed  
The Nomura Group faces the risk that its employees, directors or officers, or any third party, could engage in 
misconduct that may adversely affect its business. Misconduct by an employee, director or officer includes 
conduct such as entering into transactions in excess of authorised limits, acceptance of risks that exceed the 
Nomura Group's limits, or concealment of unauthorised or unsuccessful activities. The misconduct could also 
involve the improper use or disclosure of non-public information relating to the Nomura Group or its clients, 
such as insider trading and the recommendation of trades based on such information, as well as other crimes, 
which could result in regulatory sanctions, legal liability and serious reputational or financial damage to the 
Nomura Group. 
For example, on 5 March 2019, a researcher at Nomura Research Institute, Ltd. (NRI), NHI’s equity-method 
affiliate, revealed information that there was a high possibility that the standard for designating the top market 
of the Tokyo Stock Exchange (the TSE) would fall to ¥25 billion, which had been under review at the TSE, 
to a chief strategist (the NSC Strategist) in the research division of NSC. The researcher at NRI was a member 
of the Advisory Group to Review the TSE Equity Market Structure and received this information in such 
capacity. On the same day and the next day, the NSC Strategist communicated the information to certain 
people including members of Japanese stock sales team of NSC and Nomura International (Hong Kong) 
Limited (NIHK), some of whom provided the information to their institutional investor clients. Although the 
provision of the information did not represent a violation of law, it was an inappropriate conduct and impaired 
the implicit trust placed in the Nomura Group and its employees by other market participants. Following a

--- Page 34 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
34 
 
 
special internal investigation conducted by external experts, on 24 May 2019, NHI announced a remediation 
plan and the reduction of compensation of certain of its executives and those of NSC. On 28 May 2019, the 
Financial Services Agency of Japan (the Japanese FSA) issued a business improvement order to NHI and to 
NSC, requiring NHI to clarify responsibility for this incident, develop and submit a detailed improvement plan, 
and report periodically on the implementation and effectiveness of measures for improvement, and on 28 
August 2019, a fine of ¥10 million was imposed by Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. as a penalty.  
Third parties may also engage in fraudulent activities, including devising a fraudulent scheme to induce the 
Nomura Group's investment, loans, guarantee or any other form of financial commitment, both direct and 
indirect. Because of the broad range of businesses that the Nomura Group engages in and the large number of 
third parties with whom the Nomura Group deals in its day-to-day business operations, such fraud or any other 
misconduct may be difficult to prevent or detect and its future reputation and financial condition could 
adversely affected, which could result in serious reputational or financial damage to the Nomura Group in the 
future. 
Measures which the Nomura Group has implemented or additional measures that may be implemented in the 
future may not be effective in preventing or managing the risk of misconduct or fraud in all cases, and the 
Nomura Group may not always be able to detect or deter misconduct or fraud by an employee, director, 
officers, or third parties. If any administrative or judicial sanction is issued against the Nomura Group as a 
result of such fraud or misconduct, it may lose business opportunities, and its future revenue and results of 
operations may be materially and adversely affected, even after the sanction is lifted, if and to the extent that 
its clients, especially public institutions, decide not to engage the Nomura Group for their financial 
transactions.  
A failure to identify and appropriately address conflicts of interest could adversely affect the Nomura 
Group's business  
The Nomura Group is a global financial institution that provides a wide range of products and services to a 
diverse group of clients, including individuals, corporations, other financial institutions and governmental 
institutions. As such, the Nomura Group faces potential conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of its 
business. Conflicts of interests can arise when the Nomura Group's services to a particular client conflict or 
compete, or are perceived to conflict or compete, with its own interests. In addition, where non-public 
information is not appropriately restricted or shared within the firm, conflicts of interest can also arise where 
a transaction within the Nomura Group and/or a transaction with another client conflicts or competes, or is 
perceived to conflict or compete, with a transaction with a particular client. While the Nomura Group has 
extensive internal procedures and controls designed to identify and address conflicts of interest on the basis of 
the Nomura Group Conflicts of Interest Management Policy, a failure, or a perceived failure, to identify, 
disclose and appropriately address such conflicts could adversely affect its reputation and the willingness of 
current or potential clients to do business with it and its revenues and results of operations. In addition, conflicts 
of interest could give rise to regulatory actions or litigation.  
The Nomura Group's business is subject to substantial legal, regulatory and reputational risks  
Substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against the Nomura Group could have a material 
adverse effect on the Nomura Group's business, financial condition or results of operations or cause 
reputational harm to it. Also, material changes in regulations applicable to the Nomura Group or to the markets 
in which the Nomura Group operates could adversely affect its business.  
The Nomura Group's exposure to legal liability is significant  
The Nomura Group faces significant legal risks in its businesses. These risks include liability under securities 
or other laws in connection with securities underwriting and offering transactions, liability arising from the 
purchase or sale of any securities or other financial products, disputes over the terms and conditions of complex 
trading arrangements or the validity of contracts for the Nomura Group's transactions, disputes with its 
business alliance partners and legal claims concerning its other businesses.  
During a prolonged market downturn or upon the occurrence of an event that adversely affects the market, the 
Nomura Group would expect claims against it to increase. The Nomura Group may also face significant 
litigation. The cost of defending such litigation may be substantial and the Nomura Group's involvement in

--- Page 35 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
35 
 
 
litigation may damage its reputation. In addition, even legal transactions might be subject to adverse public 
reaction according to the particular details of such transactions. These risks may be difficult to assess or 
quantify and their existence and magnitude may remain unknown for substantial periods of time.  
Extensive regulation of the Nomura Group's businesses limits its activities and may subject the Nomura Group 
to significant penalties and losses  
The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation. The Nomura Group is subject to increasing 
regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organisations in Japan and in virtually all other jurisdictions 
in which it operates, and such governmental and regulatory scrutiny may increase as its operations expand or 
as laws change. In addition, while regulatory complexities increase, possibilities of extra-territorial application 
of a regulation in one jurisdiction to business activities outside of such jurisdiction may also increase. These 
regulations are broadly designed to ensure the stability of financial systems and the integrity of the financial 
markets and financial institutions, and to protect clients and other third parties who deal with the Nomura 
Group, and often limit its activities and/or affect its profitability, through net capital, client protection and 
market conduct requirements. In addition, on top of traditional finance-related legislation, the scope of laws 
and regulations applying to, and/or impacting on, the Nomura Group's operations may become wider 
depending on the situation of the wider international political and economic environment or policy approaches 
taken by governmental authorities in respect of regulatory application or law enforcement. In particular, the 
number of investigations and proceedings against the financial services industry by governmental and self-
regulatory organisations has increased substantially and the consequences of such investigations and 
proceedings have become more severe in recent years, and the Nomura Group is subject to face the risk of 
such investigations and proceedings. For example, the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ) conducted an 
investigation regarding residential mortgage-backed securities securitised by some of the Nomura Group’s 
U.S. subsidiaries prior to 2009. On 15 October 2018, the U.S. subsidiaries settled the investigation with the 
DOJ and agreed to pay USD 480 million. Although the Nomura Group takes measures such as timely 
monitoring and establishing internal governance procedures in order to prevent violations of laws and 
regulations, it may not always be able to prevent such violations, and it could be fined, prohibited from 
engaging in some of its business activities, ordered to improve its internal governance procedures or be subject 
to revocation of its license to conduct business. The Nomura Group's reputation could also suffer from the 
adverse publicity that any administrative or judicial sanction against it may create, which may negatively affect 
the Nomura Group's business opportunities and ability to secure human resources. As a result of any such 
sanction, the Nomura Group may lose business opportunities for a period of time, even after the sanction is 
lifted, if and to the extent that its clients, especially public institutions, decide not to engage it for their financial 
transactions. In addition, certain market participants may refrain from investing in or entering into transactions 
with the Nomura Group if the Nomura Group engages in business activities in regions subject to international 
sanctions, even if the Nomura Group's activities do not constitute violations of sanctions laws and regulations.  
Tightening of regulations applicable to the financial system and financial industry could adversely affect the 
Nomura Group's business, financial condition and results of operations  
If regulations that apply to the Nomura Group's businesses are introduced, modified or removed, the Nomura 
Group could be adversely affected directly or through resulting changes in market conditions. The impact of 
such developments could make it economically unreasonable for the Nomura Group to continue to conduct all 
or certain of its businesses, or could cause it to incur significant costs to adjust to such changes.  
Furthermore, the exact details of the implementation of proposals for regulatory change and its impact on the 
Nomura Group will depend on the final regulations as they become ultimately adopted by various 
governmental agencies and oversight boards.  
New regulations or revisions to existing regulations relating to accounting standards, regulatory capital 
adequacy ratios, liquidity ratios and leverage ratios applicable to the Nomura Group could also have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Such new regulations or revisions 
to existing regulations include the so-called Basel III package formulated by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the Basel Committee) and the finalised Basel III reforms published in December 2017. 
Furthermore, in October 2012, the Basel Committee developed and published a set of principles on the 
assessment methodology and higher loss absorbency requirements for domestic systemically important banks 
(D-SIBs), and, in December 2015, the Japanese FSA identified the Nomura Group as a D-SIB and imposed a

--- Page 36 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
36 
 
 
surcharge of 0.5 per cent. on its required capital ratio after March 2016 with a 3-year transitional arrangement. 
In addition, the Financial Stability Board published the final standard requiring global systemically important 
banks (G-SIBs) to maintain a certain level of total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) upon their failure in 
November 2015. Under the Japanese FSA’s policy implementing the TLAC framework in Japan as updated 
in April 2018, the TLAC requirements in Japan apply not only to Japanese G-SIBs but also to Japanese D-
SIBs that are deemed (i) of particular need for a cross-border resolution arrangement and (ii) of particular 
systemic significance to the Japanese financial system if they fail. Based on the revised policy, in March 2019, 
the Japanese FSA published the notices and guidelines of TLAC regulations in Japan. According to these 
notices and guidelines, the Nomura Group is subject to the TLAC requirements in Japan from 31 March 2021 
although the Nomura Group is not identified as a G-SIB as of the date of publication on NHI's Form 20-F. 
These changes in regulations may increase the Nomura Group's funding costs or require it to liquidate financial 
instruments and other assets, raise additional capital or otherwise restrict its business activities in a manner 
that could adversely affect its operating or financing activities or the interests of its shareholders.  
Deferred tax assets may be impacted due to a change in business condition or in laws and regulations, 
resulting in an adverse effect on the Nomura Group's operating results and financial condition  
The Nomura Group recognises deferred tax assets in its consolidated balance sheets as a possible benefit of 
tax relief in the future. If the Nomura Group experiences or forecasts future operating losses, if tax laws or 
enacted tax rates in the relevant tax jurisdictions in which it operates change, or if there is a change in 
accounting standards in the future, it may reduce the deferred tax assets recognised in its consolidated balance 
sheets. As a result, it could adversely affect the Nomura Group's financial condition and results of operations.  
Unauthorised disclosure or misuse of personal information held by the Nomura Group may adversely 
affect its business  
The Nomura Group keeps and manages personal information obtained from clients in connection with its 
business. In recent years, there have been many reported cases of personal information and records in the 
possession of corporations and institutions being improperly accessed, disclosed or misused.  
Although the Nomura Group exercises care to protect the confidentiality of personal information and have in 
place policies and procedures designed to safeguard such information and ensure that it is used in compliance 
with applicable laws, rules and regulations, were any unauthorised disclosure or misuse of personal 
information to occur, its business could be adversely affected. For example, the Nomura Group could be 
subject to government actions such as administrative actions or penalties in case there is any violation of 
applicable personal data protection laws, rules and regulations or be subject to complaints and lawsuits for 
damages from clients if they are adversely affected due to the unauthorised disclosure or misuse of their 
personal information (including leakage of such information by an external service provider). In addition, the 
Nomura Group could incur additional expenses associated with changing its security systems, either 
voluntarily or in response to administrative guidance or other regulatory initiatives. Moreover, restrictions on 
the Nomura Group's ability to use personal information collected from clients may adversely affect its existing 
businesses or to develop new ones. Furthermore, any damage to the Nomura Group's reputation caused by 
such unauthorised disclosure or misuse could lead to a decline in new clients and/or a loss of existing clients, 
as well as to increased costs and expenses incurred for public relations campaigns designed to prevent or 
mitigate damage to its corporate or brand image or reputation.  
System failure, information leakage and the cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely 
affect the Nomura Group's business  
The Nomura Group's businesses rely on secure processing, storage, transmission and reception of personal, 
confidential and proprietary information on its systems. The Nomura Group has been in the past and may again 
become the target of attempted unauthorised access, computer viruses or malware, and other cyber-attacks 
designed to access and obtain information on its systems or to disrupt and cause other damage to its services. 
For example, in June 2018, one of the Nomura Group's foreign subsidiaries experienced a spear phishing 
incident that resulted in the unauthorised access to the firm’s desktop network, requiring the Nomura Group 
to immediately launch an internal investigation to assess and remediate the incident, notify the appropriate 
authorities of its occurrence and communicate with clients and other individuals whose data may have been 
impacted. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many of the Nomura Group's employees now work

--- Page 37 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
37 
 
 
remotely using networking or other technologies, and these technologies have become even more critical to 
its business. The implementation of remote work arrangements may also increase the possibility that the 
Nomura Group will be subject to cyber-attacks and other information security breaches. Although these threats 
may originate from human error or technological failure, they may also originate from the malice or fraud of 
internal parties, such as employees, or third parties, including foreign non-state actors and extremist parties. 
Additionally, the Nomura Group could also be adversely impacted if any of the third-party vendors, exchanges, 
clearing houses or other financial institutions to whom the Nomura Group is interconnected are subject to 
cyber-attacks or other informational security breaches. Such events could cause interruptions to the Nomura 
Group's systems, reputational damage, client dissatisfaction, legal liability, enforcement actions or additional 
costs, any and all of which could adversely affect its financial condition and operations.   
While the Nomura Group continues to devote significant resources to monitor and update its systems and 
implement information security measures to protect its systems, there can be no assurance that any controls 
and procedures the Nomura Group has in place will be sufficient to protect it from future security breaches. 
As cyber threats are continually evolving, the Nomura Group's controls and procedures may become 
inadequate and it may be required to devote additional resources to modify or enhance its systems in the future. 
Natural disaster, terrorism, military dispute and infectious disease other than COVID-19 could 
adversely affect the Nomura Group's business  
The Nomura Group has developed a contingency plan for addressing unexpected situations. However, disaster, 
terrorism, military disputes or widespread infectious diseases afflicting the Nomura Group's management and 
employees could exceed the assumptions of its plan, and could adversely affect its business. In addition, there 
is a possibility that unknown infectious diseases other than COVID-19 pandemic may hinder the operational 
duties by its management and employees. 
NHI is a holding company and depends on payments from its subsidiaries  
NHI heavily depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to make payments 
on NHI's obligations. Regulatory and other legal restrictions, such as those under the Companies Act of Japan 
(the Companies Act), may limit NHI's ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from NHI's subsidiaries. In 
particular, many of NHI's subsidiaries, including NHI's broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws and 
regulations, including regulatory capital requirements, that authorise regulatory bodies to block or reduce the 
flow of funds to the parent holding company, or that prohibit such transfers altogether in certain circumstances. 
For example, NSC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Nomura International plc and NIHK, the Nomura 
Group's main broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to regulatory capital requirements and changes in such 
regulatory capital requirements and the required level could limit the transfer of funds to NHI. While NHI 
monitors and manages the transfer of funds among Nomura Group on the basis of the relevant laws and 
regulations on a daily basis, these laws and regulations may hinder NHI's ability to access funds needed to 
make payments on NHI's obligations.  
The Nomura Group may not be able to realise gains it expects, and may even suffer losses, on its 
investments in equity securities and non-trading debt securities  
The Nomura Group holds substantial investments in equity securities including private equity investments and 
non-trading debt securities. Under U.S. GAAP, depending on market conditions, the Nomura Group may 
recognise significant unrealised gains or losses on its investments in equity securities and debt securities, which 
could have an adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operations. For example, in the fiscal 
year ended 31 March 2020, the Nomura Group recognised a loss of ¥ 16.4 billion related to its investment in 
American Century Investments and ¥ 16.6 billion on its investments in equity securities resulting from market 
declines arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Depending on the market conditions, the Nomura Group may 
also not be able to dispose of these equity securities and debt securities when it would like to do so, as quickly 
as it may wish or at the desired price.

--- Page 38 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
38 
 
 
Equity investments in affiliates and other investees accounted for under the equity method in the 
Nomura Group's consolidated financial statements may decline significantly over a period of time and 
result in it incurring impairment losses  
The Nomura Group has affiliates and investees accounted for under the equity method in its consolidated 
financial statements and whose shares are publicly traded. If there is a decline in the market price of the shares 
the Nomura Group holds in such affiliates over a period of time, and it determines that the decline is other-
than-temporary, then it recognises an impairment loss for the applicable fiscal period which may have an 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. For example, the Nomura Group recognised 
an impairment loss of ¥47,661 million against its investment in Nomura Real Estate Holdings, Inc. during the 
year ended 31 March 2021. 
The Nomura Group may face an outflow of clients' assets due to losses of cash reserve funds or debt 
securities it offers  
Cash reserve funds, such as money market funds and money reserve funds are categorised as low risk financial 
products. As a result of a sudden rise in interest rates, such cash reserve funds may fall below par value due to 
losses resulting from price decreases of debt securities in the portfolio, defaults of debt securities in the 
portfolio or charges of negative interest. If the Nomura Group determines that a stable return cannot be 
achieved from the investment performance of cash reserve funds, the Nomura Group may accelerate the 
redemption of, or impose a deposit limit on, such cash reserve funds. For example, Nomura Asset Management 
Co., Ltd., NHI's subsidiary, ended its operation of money market funds in late August 2016 and executed an 
accelerated redemption of such funds in September 2016. In addition, debt securities that the Nomura Group 
offers may default or experience delays in the payment of interest and/or principal. Such losses, early 
redemption or deposit limit for the products the Nomura Group offers may result in the loss of client confidence 
and lead to an outflow of client assets from its custody or preclude it from increasing such client assets.  
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
5. Risks relating to key features, terms and conditions of the Securities affecting the value and liquidity 
of and return on the Securities  
Securities are Unsecured Obligations 
The Securities are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject, in the case of N&C Securities only, to 
the provisions of the applicable negative pledge provisions) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu and without prejudice among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for such exceptions as may 
be provided by applicable legislation) at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. The ability of Securityholders to value, sell and recover their 
investment in the Securities is therefore subject to the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
In the case of Guaranteed Securities, the Issuer's payment and/or delivery obligations will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the NHI Guarantor (in the case of N&C Securities or W&C Securities) or the 
NSC Guarantor (in the case of N&C Securities only) (in each case, only where such entity is specified as the 
applicable Guarantor) in each case under the relevant Guarantee.  The obligations of the relevant Guarantor 
under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject, in the case of N&C 
Securities only, to the applicable negative pledge provisions) unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and 
shall (subject as aforesaid and save for obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other 
statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt of such Guarantor. The ability of Securityholders to value, sell and recover their 
investment in the Guaranteed Securities is therefore subject to the creditworthiness of the Guarantor. 
Market Disruption Event and Disrupted Day 
If an issue of Securities includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a market disruption event or a 
failure to open of an exchange or related exchange on a Valuation Date, an Averaging Date or a Pricing Date 
and the Calculation Agent determines that a market disruption event or such failure has occurred or exists on 
a Valuation Date, an Averaging Date or a Pricing Date, any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or a Pricing Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any Securities may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities.

--- Page 39 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
39 
 
 
Settlement Disruption Event and Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities (other than Credit Linked Securities), if a Settlement Disruption 
Event occurs or exists on the Maturity Delivery Date (in the case of N&C Securities) or Settlement Date (in 
the case of W&C Securities), settlement will be postponed until the next date on which no Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs. The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Price in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. Such a determination may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the relevant Securities. In addition if "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver some or all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement when due as a result of illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets, the Issuer has the right to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price in lieu of 
delivering those Relevant Assets. 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities which are Credit Linked Securities, if all or some of the Deliverable 
Obligations included in the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, 
then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, on or before the final delivery date (being the 30th Business Day 
following the Credit Settlement Date or such earlier date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any relevant date of settlement in respect of the Hedging Arrangements (if any)), failing which the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Securityholders and shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement 
Date. 
Adjustments and Early Redemption or Cancellation 
The Calculation Agent may be entitled to make adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities following the 
occurrence of certain events, as described in the Conditions and/or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, the 
applicable Final Terms.  Such adjustment may have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities. Any such 
discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest error) 
shall be binding. 
The Issuer may also be entitled to early redeem or cancel the Securities before the scheduled maturity or 
settlement.  It is possible that the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Securities at a time which causes the 
Securityholder to suffer a loss. The Issuer may be entitled to redeem or cancel the Securities early for reasons 
related to the Issuer's hedging positions relating to the Securities or on account of certain tax-related, regulatory 
or other events. In addition, the Final Terms or applicable Annex to the Conditions may provide that the Issuer 
may redeem the Securities early if certain specified events occur (for example if the closing values of the 
Reference Item during the term of the Securities is below, at or above a certain level) (all as specified in the 
Final Terms or applicable Annex to the Conditions).  In any such case, the investor may obtain a lower return 
on the Securities than it would have had the Securities not been early redeemed or cancelled, and such return 
could be as low as zero. 
Expenses 
Securityholders of Physical Delivery Securities must pay all Expenses (in the case of Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities) or Exercise Expenses (in the case of Physical Delivery W&C Securities) relating to such Physical 
Delivery Securities. As used in the Terms and Conditions, "Expenses" includes all taxes, duties and/or 
expenses including any depositary charges, transaction charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with any interest, additions to tax or 
penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties) which may be or would 
be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection with the redemption of the N&C Securities and or the 
delivery or transfer of any Entitlement in respect thereof, and (ii) by the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity 
unwound or varied any underlying related hedging arrangements in respect of the N&C Securities; and 
"Exercise Expenses" includes all taxes, duties and/or expenses including any depositary charges, transaction 
or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and or other 
taxes and duties (together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in 
respect of such additions or penalties) which may be or would be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection 
with the exercise of the W&C Securities and/or any payment and/or delivery or transfer of the Entitlement in

--- Page 40 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
40 
 
 
respect thereof, and (ii) by the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying 
hedging arrangements in respect of the W&C Securities. 
No claim against any Reference Item 
A Security is not equivalent to a direct investment in the Reference Item or any component thereof and will 
not represent a claim against any Reference Item or any such component and, in the event of any loss, a 
Securityholder will not have recourse under a Security to any Reference Item. 
Illegality of Securities 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of either its obligations under the Securities or, in the case of 
Guaranteed Securities, the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantee has or will become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or the interpretation thereof, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Securities, as 
applicable. 
If, in the case of illegality and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer redeems or cancels the 
Securities, then the Issuer will, in the case of N&C Securities, redeem each N&C Security at the Early 
Redemption Amount or, in the case of W&C Securities, cancel each W&C Security at the Early Cancellation 
Amount.  On any such early redemption or cancellation of the Securities, the amounts payable to a 
Securityholder may be significantly less than the amounts a Securityholder might otherwise have been entitled 
to receive had such early redemption or cancellation not occurred and may be zero. 
Issuer Call in respect of the Securities 
If the Final Terms specifies that Issuer Call is applicable, the Securities will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer, subject to the occurrence of any events specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or Annex to the Terms 
and Conditions. Following the exercise by the Issuer of the Issuer Call, the investor may no longer be able to 
realise a gain in the value of such Securities and, if applicable, will no longer participate in the performance 
of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
N&C Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of N&C Securities is likely to limit their market value.  During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem N&C Securities, the market value of those N&C Securities generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem N&C Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the N&C Securities.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the N&C Securities being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Settlement Risk 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect 
of the Securities.  If exercised by the Issuer, this option will lead to Physical Delivery Securities being cash 
settled or Cash Settled Securities being physically settled.  Exercise of such option may adversely affect the 
value of the Securities. Please refer to the "Investment Considerations" section for an overview of the 
requirements relating to physical delivery. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
There may be an intention (which, if applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms) for certain 
N&C Securities to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility.  This simply means that such 
N&C Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the N&C Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. None

--- Page 41 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
41 
 
 
of the Issuer, any Dealer or any agent makes any representation or warrants as to the eligibility of any Security 
for the Eurosystem. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their N&C Securities 
and may be adversely affected if definitive N&C Securities are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer N&C Securities which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such N&C Securities may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a Securityholder who, as 
a result of such trading, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of N&C Securities at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not be able to transfer such amount of the N&C Security or 
may not receive a definitive Bearer N&C Security in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of N&C Securities at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer N&C Securities are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer N&C Securities 
which have a denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Payout on Short Price Payout N&C Securities 
In the case of Short Price Payout N&C Securities, the positive performance of any Reference Item (resulting 
in a rise in its level or price) may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. The return 
on the Securities may also be subject to deduction of any costs to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or 
nominees of funding any payment required to be made by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or nominees.  
Investors may therefore suffer substantial losses up to and including a total loss of the purchase price paid. 
Partly-paid N&C Securities 
The Issuer may issue N&C Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Failure to 
pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of their investment. 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The relevant Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Securityholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a 
decision is adopted by a defined majority of Securityolders and such decision impairs or limits the rights of 
the Securityholders, this may negatively affect the market value of the Securities. 
The conditions of the Securities or the terms of the Guarantee may be modified by the operation of UK 
insolvency law without the consent of Securityholders 
Where the Issuer or the applicable Guarantor encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that 
are affecting, or will or may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a 
Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the 
Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of 
those financial difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor 
classes and can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having 
no genuine economic interest in the Issuer or the applicable Guarantor). Providing that one class of creditors 
(who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer or the applicable Guarantor) 
has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the

--- Page 42 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
42 
 
 
Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the "relevant alternative" (such as, 
broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper 
exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of whether 
they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer or the applicable Guarantor may, therefore, 
adversely affect the rights of Securityholders and the price or value of their investment in the Securities, as it 
may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Securities (by, for example, writing down 
the principal amount of the Securities, modifying the interest payable on the Securities, the maturity date or 
dates on which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer) or modifying or disapplying certain terms of 
the Guarantee or substituting the Guarantor 
Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of W&C Securities 
Either (1) the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled W&C Securities) or (2) the value of the 
Entitlement less (in the case of Warrants) the Exercise Price (the Physical Settlement Value) (in the case of 
Physical Delivery W&C Securities) at any time prior to expiration or exercise, as applicable, is typically 
expected to be less than the trading price of such W&C Securities at that time. The difference between the 
trading price and the Cash Settlement Amount or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will 
reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the W&C Securities. The "time value" of the W&C Securities 
will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration or exercise, as applicable, and 
expectations concerning the price or level of the Reference Item(s). W&C Securities offer hedging and 
investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The 
interim value of the W&C Securities varies with the price or level of the Reference Item(s), as well as by a 
number of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
Before exercising W&C Securities, Securityholders should carefully consider, among other things, (i) the 
trading price of the W&C Securities, (ii) the price or level and volatility of the Reference Item(s), (iii) the time 
remaining to expiration or exercise, as applicable, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled W&C Securities, the probable 
range of Cash Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, 
(vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates and (vii) any related transaction costs. 
An optional exercise feature in W&C Securities is likely to limit their market value.  In the case of an optional 
exercise feature, during any period when the Issuer may elect to exercise W&C Securities, the market value 
of those W&C Securities generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be exercised.  
This also may be true prior to any exercise period.  Potential investors should be aware that in certain 
circumstances, an optional exercise of the W&C Securities by the Issuer may result in a loss of all or a 
substantial portion of their investment. 
Time Lag after Exercise 
In the case of any exercise of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants, there will be a time lag 
between the time a Securityholder gives instructions to exercise and the time the applicable Cash Settlement 
Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to such exercise is determined. Any such delay between 
the time of exercise and the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount will be specified in the Conditions 
of the W&C Securities. However, such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay 
in exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation, the occurrence of a market 
disruption event or failure to open of an exchange or related exchange (if applicable) or following the 
imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any 
relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of FX Linked W&C Securities. The applicable Cash 
Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such movement or movements could 
decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised and may result in such Cash Settlement 
Amount being zero. 
Minimum Exercise Amount 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, a Securityholder must tender or hold a specified number of W&C 
Securities at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Securityholders with fewer than the specified minimum 
number of W&C Securities will either have to sell their W&C Securities or purchase additional W&C 
Securities, incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, 
Securityholders of such W&C Securities incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price

--- Page 43 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
43 
 
 
of such W&C Securities and the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled W&C Securities) or the 
Physical Settlement Value (in the case of Physical Delivery W&C Securities) of such W&C Securities. 
Limitations on Exercise 
In the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants, if so indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will have the option to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the 
Expiration Date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in conjunction with 
such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not 
acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on any date 
(other than the Expiration Date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of 
Warrants exercisable on such date, a Securityholder may not be able to exercise on such date all Warrants that 
such holder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be exercised on such date will be 
reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds such maximum, such 
Warrants being selected at the discretion of the Issuer or (in the case of Exempt W&C Securities only) in any 
other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of Exempt W&C Securities only), the Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised on such 
date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which such Warrants may be exercised, subject to the 
same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
6. Risks relating to conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Nomura Group and the Calculation Agent and 
certain discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
Hedging and other Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer, the Guarantors and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents may engage in activities or 
arrangements that may result in conflicts of interests between their and their respective Affiliates' or agents' 
financial interests on the one hand and the interests of the Securityholders on the other hand. For example, 
they may: 
 
engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to the Reference Item(s) underlying 
any Securities and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Reference Item(s) 
underlying any Security for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management.  
 
issue other derivative instruments in respect of the Reference Item(s) underlying Securities.  
 
act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities related to an issue 
of Securities  
 
act as financial adviser to certain companies, companies whose shares are included in a basket of 
shares, a company which is a reference entity, or in a commercial banking capacity for any such 
companies; 
 
at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty for their 
own account for business reasons or in connection with their hedging arrangements; and 
 
enter into arrangements with Affiliates or agents to hedge market risks associated with its obligations 
under the Securities, whereby any such Affiliate or agent would expect to make a profit in connection 
with such arrangements and the Issuer might not seek competitive bids for such arrangements from 
unaffiliated parties. 
Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other 
securities and could adversely affect the value of such Securities. 
Where the Securities are offered through a distributor(s) or via an introducing broker, such distributor(s) or 
introducing broker may act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer or Dealer and may receive fees on the 
basis of the services performed and the outcome of the placement of the Securities. In this case, potential 
conflicts of interest could arise. 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, additional risk factors relating to additional conflicts of interest with 
respect to such Securities may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
44 
 
 
In addition, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities), the 
Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the Issuer and the Guarantors and in such capacity may make certain 
determinations and calculate amounts payable or deliverable to Securityholders. Under certain circumstances, 
the Calculation Agent as an Affiliate of the Issuer or the Guarantors and its responsibilities as Calculation 
Agent for the Securities could give rise to potential conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders. In performing its services in relation to the Securities, the Calculation Agent may in certain 
circumstances have a wide discretion and does not, in any case, act on behalf of, or accept any duty of care or 
fiduciary duty to any Securityholder or, except as required by law, any other person. Subject to regulatory 
obligations, the Calculation Agent will pursue actions and take steps that it deems necessary or appropriate in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities without regard to the consequences for 
Securityholders. The Calculation Agent may at any time be in possession of information in relation to the 
Securities which may not be available to Securityholders. There is no obligation on the Calculation Agent to 
disclose such information to Securityholders. 
Modification and Waivers 
The relevant Conditions provide that the relevant Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Securityholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Securities or the 
Agency Agreement which is not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders or (ii) any modification of the Securities or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law. The Conditions also provide that, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, the Calculation Agent 
shall be free to modify the methodology described in the Conditions from time to time as it deems appropriate 
in response to any market, regulatory, juridical, fiscal or other circumstances which may arise which, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, necessitates a modification or change of such methodology, or for the 
purposes of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting or supplementing any provision of the Conditions, (ii) 
accounting for any change in the basis on which any relevant values, levels or information is calculated or 
provided which would materially change the commercial effect of any provision or provisions of the 
Conditions or (iii) replacing any information provider or source. Such modifications may adversely affect the 
value of the Securities. 
Sanctions risk 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, if at any time the Issuer determines that a Non-
Permitted Holder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities) holds any legal or beneficial 
interest in an N&C Security, the Issuer may, from the date of such determination and without notice to the 
Non-Permitted Holder, suspend deliveries and payments to the Non-Permitted Holder in accordance with 
Condition 7.6. The suspension may last indefinitely, and may after a period of two years or if earlier, the 
scheduled maturity of the N&C Securities, result in the Issuer having no further obligations under the N&C 
Securities held by the Non-Permitted Holder and any rights or claims of the Non-Permitted Holder in respect 
of such N&C Securities being extinguished, without further recourse to the Issuer.   
7. Risks relating to Securities linked to or that reference a financial benchmark 
National and international initiatives relating to the reform of the regulation of indices and other forms of 
financial benchmarks may impact the value of the Securities and may force the Issuer to cease using a 
particular benchmark as the underlying reference basis for the Securities which may result in adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities, a replacement of a benchmark or termination of the Securities 
Published levels or figures used as benchmarks have come under increasing regulatory scrutiny in recent years, 
and are now the subject of a number of national and international regulatory initiatives and investigations.  
Such levels include high profile market rates, (e.g. LIBOR and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)) 
but also many other rates, levels, indices and strategies that are determined to be used as benchmarks (including 
many interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange and other types of indices). Some of these regulatory 
initiatives are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. Such regulatory initiatives could 
include, among other things, reforms to other "benchmarks" similar to those reforms announced in relation to 
LIBOR. As described in more detail below, such regulatory initiatives may cause affected "benchmarks" to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be

--- Page 45 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
45 
 
 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Securities which reference a benchmark. 
Please refer to the "Investment Considerations" section for an overview of key international regulatory 
initiatives relating to the reform of benchmarks, including Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directive 2008/48/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation). The Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on any Securities traded on a trading venue or via a ″systematic internaliser″ that are linked to 
a benchmark, or hedging arrangements for any Securities, including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
subject to any applicable transitional provisions, an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used 
by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator, or the benchmark is not entered in or is 
removed from ESMA's register of Benchmarks Regulation approved benchmarks (i.e. in 
circumstances where (i) an EU-based administrator does not obtain or retain authorisation or 
registration or (ii) a non-EU-based administrator does not obtain or retain recognition or endorsement 
or benefit from equivalence (whether as an administrator or in respect of the relevant benchmark), in 
each case under the Benchmarks Regulation); or 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
In addition, whether or not a benchmark is directly affected by the Benchmarks Regulation, modifications or 
cancellations of any benchmark may occur and this may have an adverse effect on Securities referencing or 
deriving their value from such benchmarks.   
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark, including as a result of 
international, national or other reforms or investigations, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks may adversely affect Securities using an affected benchmark.  Risks for investors of any change 
or other event in relation to a benchmark used for the purposes of Securities are that the relevant event may:   
 
lead to the Securities being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early, subject to discretionary valuation by 
the Calculation Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the particular benchmark and the 
applicable terms of the Securities; 
 
lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks (or certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks);  
 
affect the level of the published rate or the level of the benchmark, including causing it to be lower or 
more volatile than in the past; 
 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks"; or 
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a 
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates 
on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will 
occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, 
Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD 
LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US 
Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using 
its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after 
end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, 
these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended 
to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings 
and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022.

--- Page 46 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
46 
 
 
For any Securities where the benchmark is any of GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR, CHF LIBOR, JPY LIBOR or 
EUR LIBOR, the IBA Announcement and/or the FCA Announcement may constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, which in either case would entitle the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in 
respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with an Administrator/Benchmark Event or a 
Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, irrespective of the fact that such announcements have occurred 
prior to the Issue Date. Whilst fallback provisions in respect of such Securities have been triggered prior to the 
Issue Date, the effective date and consequences of such fallbacks as applied by the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent may not take effect until significantly after the date of such announcements (please also see "Benchmark 
Transition Event" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" below). 
Further risks for investors in relation to changes in benchmarks and the use of benchmarks in the Securities. 
The Terms and Conditions contain a number of provisions allowing the Issuer or Calculation Agent to adjust 
or terminate Securities to take account of relevant events in relation to benchmarks or their sponsor or 
administrator.  In particular under the Terms and Conditions, a Benchmark Transition Event (as described in 
the Terms and Conditions) may occur in relation to Floating Rate Securities linked to USD-LIBOR, GBP-
LIBOR, EURIBOR, Euro-LIBOR, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) or Euro short-term rate (€STR) (each a Relevant Interest Rate Benchmark) or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as described in the Terms and Conditions) may occur in relation to either a 
Relevant Interest Rate Benchmark or any other benchmark in a wide range of circumstances.  
Benchmark Transition Event 
In relation only to certain standard Floating Rate N&C Securities referred to as Vanilla Floating Rate N&C 
Securities and the related interest rate, a Benchmark Transition Event could occur if a Relevant Interest Rate 
Benchmark ceases to exist or be published or a relevant supervisor publicly announces it is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality it is 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities are in 
summary N&C Securities where interest is payable based on Screen Rate Determination and the Rate of 
Interest is determined solely by reference to the relevant interest rate without any adjustment other than for a 
fixed margin, a maximum or minimum Rate of Interest or being subject to a Credit Event contingency. 
These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be determined by reference 
to a replacement benchmark rate, and that a spread adjustment may be applied to such replacement benchmark 
rate, together with the making of certain conforming changes to the Terms and Conditions, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Such replacement rate and spread adjustment determination may be 
based on available alternative rates, relevant governmental body recommendation or selection, practice in the 
derivatives market or industry-accepted practice and such conforming changes will be as determined by the 
Calculation Agent to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate.  Any of these fallback provisions may result 
in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on the Floating Rate N&C Securities if the previous rate had continued being published in its 
current form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
of interest to the Floating Rate N&C Securities. It should be noted that in relation to any Floating Rate N&C 
Securities other than Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities and the related interest rate, the Benchmark 
Transition Event provisions will not apply, but in certain cases the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
may apply. See "Administrator/Benchmark Event" below. 
It is possible that a Benchmark Transition Event or details of it are announced significantly in advance of the 
relevant Benchmark replacement date. In this case the Calculation Agent may in its option determine that it is 
appropriate to delay providing a notice of such event to Securityholders, but this will not prevent the 
Calculation Agent applying consequences in the future in relation to the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark 
Transition Event. 
Investors should also be aware that in the event a Relevant Interest Rate Benchmark is unavailable but a 
Benchmark Transition Event has not occurred, the Calculation Agent will have the discretion to determine an 
alternative rate by reference to a rate formally recommended by relevant governmental bodies or any rate 
implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges or, if none, an alternative rate the Calculation

--- Page 47 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
47 
 
 
Agent determines. The use of the fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of 
interest to the Floating Rate N&C Securities. 
A replacement rate for an IBOR Relevant Interest Rate Benchmark (i.e. LIBOR or EURIBOR) following a 
Benchmark Transition Event may be the RFR identified as the replacement rate for the relevant currency e.g. 
SONIA for GBP, SOFR for USD and €STR for Euro. Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed 
bank credit risk, the RFRs identified as of the date of this Base Prospectus are overnight rates and are intended 
to be nearly risk-free. As such, investors should be aware that SONIA, SOFR, €STR and other RFRs may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates for N&C Securities issued under the Programme 
(please also see "The market continues to develop in relation to RFRs as reference rates" below).  
The absence of bank credit risk in the RFRs may have an adverse effect on the value of the N&C Securities. 
The N&C Securities provide that any replacement RFR selected for legacy IBOR linked N&C Securities will 
be adjusted by a benchmark replacement adjustment percentage which may be positive, negative or zero. This 
is intended to reduce any transfer of economic value because of the absence of a bank credit risk premium in 
the replacement RFR. However, if such replacement adjustment is negative, it will mean a lower rate of interest 
is payable. Even where such replacement adjustment is positive, there can be no assurance that the replacement 
adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Securityholder and the 
proposed replacement adjustments are not intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium 
embedded in an IBOR.  
Forward looking RFRs are not generally available as of the date of this Base Prospectus but may be more fully 
developed in the future. However, there is no certainty that a forward looking RFR will be available in respect 
of any currency or any particular product. N&C Securities linked to an IBOR provide that coupon payments 
are calculated at the beginning of each interest period whereas N&C Securities linked to overnight RFRs 
provide that interest payments are calculated shortly before the relevant coupon payment date. Therefore, 
investors will have significantly less notice of the amounts due to be paid for a calculation period where the 
relevant interest rate is determined by reference to a RFR. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may occur with respect to a relevant benchmark (other than an interest 
rate to which Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities relate) on a modification or cessation of a benchmark, a 
loss of permission to use the relevant benchmark to perform obligations under the Securities under applicable 
law or regulation, it no longer being commercially reasonable to continue use of the relevant benchmark, the 
benchmark being superseded or no longer meeting relevant industry standards or certain licensing restrictions 
or changes occurring in relation to use of the relevant benchmark or a relevant supervisor officially announces 
the benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality it is intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored provided that 
certain hedging and market practice conditions are then met.  In these circumstances the Issuer may in its 
discretion take a range of actions including: 
 
instructing the Calculation Agent to make adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities to 
account for the relevant event or circumstance including to take into account related costs.   
 
instructing the Calculation Agent to select and make adjustments to apply any spread adjustment 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) or otherwise to account for any increase in costs of such 
replacement benchmark or if no replacement benchmark is available or appropriate replace the 
exposure to the affected benchmark provided by the Securities with a fixed rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in such a manner as to represent the fair market value of the Securities' exposure to 
the affected benchmark less related costs; or 
 
terminating the Securities and paying an early redemption or termination amount. 
The consequences of the Issuer taking such action(s) where an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs may 
be wide-ranging and may adversely affect the Securities. 
Specific points to note include the following:

--- Page 48 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
48 
 
 
 
The Issuer and Calculation Agent have a wide discretion as to making any adjustments and may, but 
do not have to, exercise such discretion by reference to hedging arrangements for the Securities.  In 
particular 
the 
Issuer 
may 
determine 
whether 
to 
apply 
any 
consequences 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and, if it does decide to apply one or more consequence(s), may in 
its sole discretion determine which consequence(s) to select. 
 
It is possible that an Administrator/Benchmark Event or details of it are announced significantly in 
advance of action being appropriate in relation to the relevant Securities. In this case the Calculation 
Agent may in its option determine that it is appropriate to delay providing a notice of such event to 
Securityholders, but this will not prevent the Calculation Agent applying consequences in the future 
in relation to the occurrence of the relevant Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
 
There is no guarantee that, if applicable, any replacement benchmark will be determined.   
 
The use of any replacement benchmark and the adjustments that may be made to reflect the 
replacement may adversely affect the Securities and may represent a transfer of economic value from 
Securityholders to the Issuer. 
 
A replacement benchmark may be determined by reference to relevant replacements in the over-the-
counter derivatives market or other relevant market(s) in which hedging arrangements are maintained 
or otherwise as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate for the relevant N&C Securities (a 
Replacement Benchmark). In relation to any affected benchmark that is an interest rate (including 
where such interest rate is a component of an IBOR Swap Rate, as to which see "Risks relating to 
swap rates" below), the Calculation Agent shall have regard to any benchmark formally recommended 
for use by the administrator of the affected benchmark or certain official bodies or working groups or 
committees, but will not be required to select any such replacement benchmark if this would not reflect 
hedging arrangements (if any) or otherwise not be commercially appropriate for any reason. As a result 
there may be a range of possible replacement benchmarks and any replacement selected by the 
Calculation Agent may perform less favourably than any other replacement which might have been 
selected. 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may apply to a benchmark (except an interest rate to which Vanilla 
Floating Rate N&C Securities relate) whether or not that benchmark or the Securities are directly affected by 
the Benchmarks Regulation. It should be noted that for purposes of the definition of Administrator Benchmark 
Event only the term Benchmarks Regulation means either the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) or such Regulation as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the UK European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as that Act is amended from time to time). This is because Nomura group supervised 
entities in the EU may be adversely affected by the EU version of such regulation or Nomura group supervised 
entities in the UK may be adversely affected by the UK version of such regulation. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Securities that are linked to or reference a "benchmark".  For Index Linked Securities or for Commodity Linked 
Securities for which the Reference Item is a Commodity Index, see also the further risks set out in "Risks 
relating to Index Linked Securities" and "Risks relating to Commodity Linked Securities" below. 
Risks relating to swap rates 
Following an Administrator/Benchmark Event in respect of a benchmark that is an IBOR-linked Reference 
Swap Rate (an IBOR Swap Rate), the Issuer may instruct the Calculation Agent to select a Replacement 
Benchmark. This is a risk in respect of, without limitation, Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities, Reverse 
Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities and Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities. 
Potential investors should be aware that more than one possible Replacement Benchmark may exist and if so 
it is possible the Calculation Agent may select the least favourable Replacement Benchmark. Moreover, the 
Calculation Agent will not be required to select any index, benchmark or other price source if this would not 
reflect the hedging arrangements (if any) maintained by the Issuer (and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party 
which conducts hedging arrangements in respect of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities from 
time to time) in relation to the relevant benchmark or would otherwise not be commercially appropriate for 
any reason, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 49 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
49 
 
 
Additionally, progress towards identifying appropriate fallbacks to apply following the discontinuance or non-
representativeness of IBOR Swap Rates has not occurred at the same rate across all currencies. For example, 
on 23 July 2021, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) announced the results of 
its consultation on fallbacks for the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the USD LIBOR ICE Swap Rate (the 
ISDA Consultation). The results indicated that a significant majority of respondents agreed with the fallback 
provisions set out in the draft amendments attached to the ISDA Consultation, which implement the fallbacks 
suggested by the Non-Linear Task Force (NLTF) of the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference 
Rates in the UK and a Subcommittee of the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) in the US. The 
fallbacks are first to a published 'all-in' fallback rate that is calculated in accordance with the methodology 
suggested by NLTF or ARRC (as applicable) or, if such a published fallback rate is not available, then to a 
calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable methodology. In contrast, 
Refinitiv published its own consultation on 19 April 2021 inviting feedback on the introduction of a new 
TONA based total return swap, and the design of a fallback rate for use in swap rate products that currently 
reference JPY LIBOR. Pursuant to the results of its consultation, Refinitiv expects to start calculating and 
publishing a TONA-based Tokyo Swap Rate (TSR) in September 2021. Refinitiv also expects to start 
publishing fallback rates for the JPY LIBOR TSRs based on a formula that is consistent with the fallback 
calculation for the USD LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate. 
Even where progress has been made towards identifying appropriate fallbacks and administrators have 
published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate launched by the 
IBA on 14 December 2020, there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid, and the method by which 
such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the outcomes of determinations 
made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent following an Administrator/Benchmark Event in respect of 
an IBOR Swap Rate may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the N&C Securities. Further, there is 
no assurance that the characteristics of any Replacement Benchmark will be similar to the relevant IBOR Swap 
Rate, or that the Replacement Benchmark will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant IBOR Swap 
Rate. 
In any event, prior to any date of actual cessation or non-representativeness in respect of an IBOR Swap Rate, 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event in respect of an IBOR Swap Rate may discourage market 
participants from contributing to the underlying instruments, such as constant maturity swaps, by reference to 
which such IBOR Swap Rate is determined. Consequently, there may be inconsistent, limited or no liquidity 
in such instruments. This may happen more frequently as the relevant date of actual cessation or non-
representativeness approaches. In particular, this may occur at times when the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent is required to make a determination in respect of such rate under the N&C Securities, and may adversely 
affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such N&C Securities. 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms for any issuance of Floating Rate N&C Securities, 
the rate of interest payable will be determined by reference to the Floating Rate under an interest rate swap 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (the 
2021 Definitions), as specified in the Final Terms.  Where the 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified, 
Supplement number 70 (the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement) includes fallbacks which will replace any 
Floating Rate that is a ‘Relevant IBOR’ in circumstances broadly similar to a Benchmark Transition Event: 
namely a permanent cessation of that Relevant IBOR and, for LIBOR Floating Rates, an announcement that 
such Relevant IBOR is no longer representative.  ‘Relevant IBORs’ include GBP LIBOR, CHF LIBOR, USD 
LIBOR, EUR LIBOR, EURIBOR, JPY LIBOR, TIBOR, BBSW, CDOR, HIBOR, SOR, and THBFIX. Once 
the relevant trigger event takes effect, the Floating Rate will fall back to a term adjusted risk-free rate for the 
relevant currency plus a spread. It should be noted that the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement will not cover 
all possible Floating Rates and this risk factor should be read accordingly.  
Where the 2021 Definitions are specified, fallbacks are specified for all Floating Rates that are included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) to replace the relevant Floating Rate upon a 
permanent cessation of such Floating Rate and/or an announcement that such Floating Rate is no longer 
representative.  Such fallbacks will result in either: (a) the relevant Floating Rate being replaced with a

--- Page 50 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
50 
 
 
specified alternative rate set out in the 2021 Definitions; or (b) in circumstances where the 2021 Definitions 
would 
otherwise 
provide 
for 
the 
application 
of 
certain 
'Generic 
Fallback 
Provisions' 
or 
'Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallbacks', these being replaced by the Issuer exercising the discretions 
following an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as described above. 
Both the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement and the 2021 Definitions also include fallbacks in the event that 
a Relevant IBOR (in respect of the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement) or a Floating Rate (in respect of the 
2021 Definitions) is temporarily unavailable. In the event that one particular tenor of a Relevant IBOR or 
Floating Rate (as applicable) is permanently discontinued or, for LIBOR Floating Rates, becomes non-
representative, then for so long as there is a longer and a shorter tenor still available, no trigger event will 
occur.  Instead, the Floating Rate will be determined by interpolating between the next shortest and next longest 
tenors.  If there are no shorter or no longer tenors available, then the rate will fall back to a term-adjusted risk-
free rate plus a spread. The Calculation Agent is entitled to make relevant adjustments to the Terms and 
Conditions to reflect any relevant adjustment or replacement of a rate for purposes of the ISDA Determination 
provisions. 
Any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Floating Rate N&C Securities if the 
previous rate had continued being published in its current form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest to the Floating Rate N&C Securities. 
As set out under ‘Benchmark Transition Event’ above, whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that 
embed bank credit risk, risk-free rates are overnight rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. As such, 
investors should be aware that the fallback rates that will apply following a trigger event under the ISDA IBOR 
Fallbacks Supplement may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for N&C Securities issued 
under the Programme (please also see "The market continues to develop in relation to RFRs as reference rates" 
below).  
The absence of bank credit risk in the risk-free-rates may have an adverse effect on the value of the N&C 
Securities. Both the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Supplement and the 2021 Definitions provide that the applicable 
risk-free-rates will be term-adjusted and there will be an adjustment spread applied which may be positive, 
negative or zero. This is intended to reduce any transfer of economic value due to the absence of a bank credit 
risk premium in the replacement risk-free-rate. However, if such adjustment spread is negative, it will mean a 
lower rate of interest is payable. Even where such adjustment spread is positive, there can be no assurance that 
the adjustment spread will fully mitigate the transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Securityholder 
and the adjustment spread is not intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded 
in an IBOR. 
It should also be noted that the replacement interest rate determined under the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks 
Supplement or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable, will be a backward-looking rate based on an observed RFR. 
As such the relevant Rate of Interest and the related interest payments can only be calculated shortly before 
the relevant coupon payment date. Therefore, investors will have significantly less notice of the amounts due 
to be paid for a calculation period where the relevant interest rate has been determined under the ISDA IBOR 
Fallbacks Supplement by reference to a RFR. 
EURIBOR and related reforms 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds referencing EURIBOR and the Euro OverNight Index Average (EONIA)). The 
guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR or EONIA in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. Related 
to this, since 1 October 2019, EONIA has been calculated with a reformed methodology tracking €STR plus a 
fixed spread. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.

--- Page 51 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
51 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to RFRs as reference rates 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate N&C Securities identifies that the Reference 
Rate will be determined by reference to Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or 
Compounded Daily €STR, the Reference Rate will be determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate 
unless Index Determination is specified as applicable. Equally, where the applicable Final Terms for a Series 
of Floating Rate N&C Securities identifies that the Reference Rate will be determined by reference to ISDA 
Determination and the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of a RFR, 
such as SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Reference Rate will be determined on the basis of a compounding or 
averaging methodology specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Prospective investors in any N&C Securities 
referencing a RFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to such RFRs as reference 
rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to IBORs.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to N&C Securities referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that are issued under the Programme (namely where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms). Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue N&C 
Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA-, SOFR- or €STR-referenced N&C Securities issued under the 
Programme. The nascent development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR and €STR as interest reference 
rates for the capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR- and €STR-based rates for 
such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-, SOFR-, or €STR-referenced 
N&C Securities issued under the Programme from time to time. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Interest Rate on N&C Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as applicable, will be determined using 
the fallback provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result in 
interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on the N&C Securities if the SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate had been so published. 
8. Risks relating to particular Reference Items 
A range of Securities may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Securities may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
features. 
General risks and risks relating to Reference Item Linked Securities 
Reference Item Linked Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest 
rate, foreign exchange, time value and political risks (some of which may be increased in the case of an 
emerging market Reference Item). Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price 
of the Securities. This risk reflects the nature of such a Security as an asset which, other factors held constant, 
tends to decline in value over time and which may become worthless.  Prospective purchasers of Securities 
should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Securities and should reach an investment 
decision only after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Securities in light of 
their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the information regarding the 
relevant Securities and the particular Reference Item to which the value of, or payments or deliveries in respect 
of, the relevant Securities may relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Item Linked Securities will represent an investment linked to the economic performance of one or 
more specified Reference Item(s) (which may involve a combination of two or more types of Reference Items) 
and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such Securities will depend 
upon the performance of such Reference Item(s).  Potential investors should also note that whilst the market 
value of such Securities is linked to such Reference Item(s) and will be influenced (potentially negatively) by 
such Reference Item(s), any change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate.  It is impossible to 
predict how the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will vary over time.  In contrast to a direct investment 
in the relevant Reference Item(s), Securities represent the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may 
be, of the Cash Settlement Amount(s), the Final Redemption Amount(s), the Entitlement or the Early

--- Page 52 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
52 
 
 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, as well as periodic payments of interest (if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of N&C Securities) or Additional Amounts (if specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the case of W&C Securities), all or some of which and the value of which will be determined by reference 
to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
As the amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of Reference Item Linked Securities are linked to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), a purchaser of such a Security must generally be correct about 
the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of such a Security and the shorter the 
remaining term to expiration (in the case of a Warrant), exercise (in the case of a Certificate) or redemption 
(in the case of a N&C Security), the greater the risk that purchasers of such Security will lose all or part of 
their investment. 
Reference Item Linked Securities may be principal protected at maturity or non-principal protected.  Investors 
in Reference Item Linked Securities that are non-principal protected may risk losing their entire investment if 
the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Securities.  Other factors which may influence the market value of Securities include the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (if applicable), general market sentiment, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
time value, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Reference Item(s), 
changes in the method of calculating the relevant Reference Item(s) from time to time and market expectations 
regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), its composition and such Securities. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to a particular Reference Item. 
Risks relating to Index Linked Securities 
A brief overview of Index Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As set 
out below, an investment in Index Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security. 
The level of an index is based on the value of the assets or reference bases notionally comprised in such index, 
although prospective investors should note that the level of the index at any time may not include the 
reinvestment of the yield (if any) on the assets or reference bases notionally comprised in the index. Prospective 
investors should understand that global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, 
may have a material effect on the value of the assets or reference bases notionally comprising such index 
and/or the performance of the index. 
Fluctuations in the value of an index and changes in the price or market value or level of the assets or reference 
bases notionally contained in an Index and/or changes in the circumstances of the issuers or sponsors of such 
assets or reference bases, might have an adverse effect on the level of an index and affect the value of 
Securities. 
Potential investors in Index Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked 
Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) a change in 
the value of the index/indices may result in an early redemption or cancellation of their Securities, (iii) 
payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iv) except in the case of Securities which are 
principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the index/indices do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that 
may not correlate with changes in economic factors, including changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may adversely affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the 
change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
The components of an index may represent values of only one or a few countries or industries.  In addition, 
even where a large number of countries or industries are represented, an unequal weighting of those in the

--- Page 53 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
53 
 
 
index is possible. This means that if a country or industry in the index experiences an unfavourable 
development then such Index may be disproportionately affected by it. 
Prospective investors should also note that dividends or periodic payments (if any) paid to holders of the assets 
in an index may not be taken into account in the index or the Securities. Consequently, the return on the 
Securities may not reflect any dividends which would be paid to investors that had made a direct investment 
in the assets comprised in the index. Consequently, the return on the Securities may be less than the return 
from a direct investment in the assets comprised in the index. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest or other interim amounts payable are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest or other interim amounts payable (and the value of the Securities) will be magnified. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest or other 
interim amounts payable are determined by reference to the worst performing index in a basket of indices, then 
investors will not receive any benefit from the better performing index/indices in the basket. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant 
time, such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the 
Securities and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Securities.  Prospective purchasers should review the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how 
such provisions apply to the Securities. 
Following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event in respect of any Index Linked Securities, the Issuer 
may require the Calculation Agent to determine such adjustment to the terms of such Index Linked Securities 
as it deems appropriate, which may include without limitation, (i) delaying any applicable valuation date(s), 
(ii) determining the relevant level of one or more indices, (iii) in the case of a basket of indices, removing any 
affected indices from the basket, or (iv) replacing any affected index with one or more replacement indices. 
Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Index Linked Securities. 
In addition, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Securities, as applicable, in whole or (in the case of an Index 
Basket or a Mixed Basket) in part following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event. 
The market price of Index Linked Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date or exercise date (as applicable) and the volatility of the level of the index or indices.  The 
level of the index or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the 
index or indices may be traded. 
Decisions or determinations made by the Index Sponsor regarding an Index may have a negative impact on 
the value of the Securities. This may lead to an Index level differing substantially from the one that would 
have been obtained had the Index Sponsor arrived at different decisions or determinations. Where the Index 
Sponsor is a member of the Nomura Group, the making of such decisions or determinations may lead to a 
potential conflict of interest. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Securityholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. 
Changes in the composition of an Index or in some other regard might entail costs or otherwise have the effect 
of lowering the level or value of the Index, and thereby also the value of the Securities. 
Where the composition of an Index is supposed to be published on an internet site (as provided for in the Index 
or the applicable Final Terms) or in other media, such publication might not always show the Index's up-to-
date composition since updates may be posted with a delay. 
Risks relating to Equity Linked Securities 
A brief overview of Equity Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As set 
out below, an investment in Equity Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security.

--- Page 54 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
54 
 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the market value of the Securities may not have a direct relationship 
with the prevailing price of the underlying equity(ies), in that changes in the prevailing price of the underlying 
equity(ies) will not necessarily result in a comparable change in the market value of the Securities. 
Risks relating to GDR/ADR Linked Securities are dealt with separately below (see "Risks relating to 
GDR/ADR Linked Securities"). 
Exchangeable N&C Securities may be issued.  On redemption Exchangeable N&C Securities can be redeemed 
for shares or for an amount linked to the price of the shares and as a result the redeemed value may, depending 
on the performance of the shares or the stock market trend prevailing on the date of redemption, be substantially 
lower than the initial investment.  Investors should note that they have the right, subject to fulfilling certain 
requirements, to elect the time at which Exchangeable N&C Securities should be so redeemed.  The timing of 
making such election (or not making such election) may in itself have a significant effect on the investment 
return (if any) of the Exchangeable N&C Securities.  While investors are fully exposed to the relevant shares, 
however, Exchangeable N&C Securities do not convey any ownership. 
Potential investors in Equity Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Equity 
Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) a 
change in the price of the share(s) may result in an early redemption or cancellation of their Securities, (iii) 
payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iv) except in the 
case of Securities which are principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment if the value of the share(s) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the share or basket of shares may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the price of the 
share or shares, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the price of the share or shares on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount 
or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or 
Entitlement deliverable, are determined by reference to the worst performing share in a basket of shares, their 
investors will not receive any benefit from the better performing share(s) in the basket. 
In the case of Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities and Equity Delta One W&C Securities, costs 
which arise or may arise in relation to the Securities may be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable.  Potential investors should note that such future costs, if deducted, 
may not actually arise and no reimbursement of these amounts will be made in this event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant 
time any such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the 
Securities and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Securities.  Prospective purchasers should review the 
relevant Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the 
Securities. 
In the case of Equity Linked Securities following the declaration by the Share Company of the terms of any 
Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of the relevant Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Equity Linked Securities.  
In the case of Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities and Equity Delta One W&C Securities, if such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting effect on the theoretical value of the relevant share, then instead of

--- Page 55 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
55 
 
 
or in addition to such adjustment(s), additional securities may be issued to Securityholders to account for that 
effect. 
In the event that an Additional Disruption Event occurs in respect of any Equity Linked Securities, then the 
Calculation Agent shall either (a)(i) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of such Equity Linked Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (b) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a commercially reasonable 
result, notify the Issuer thereof in which event the Issuer may redeem or cancel all, but not some only, of such 
Equity Linked Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
In addition, in the case of Equity Linked Securities, if a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in relation to any Share, the Issuer may take the action described in (i), 
(ii) or (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
relevant Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency and determine the effective date of that adjustment. Such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Equity Linked 
Securities; 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, part (in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a basket of 
Shares) or all (in any other case) of the Securities. Following such redemption or cancellation an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption or cancellation proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Securities being redeemed or cancelled and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time; or 
(iii) 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, require the Calculation Agent to select a substitute Share 
in accordance with specified substitution criteria to replace such affected Share. 
The issue price of Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities and Equity Delta One W&C Securities will 
reflect the value of the relevant shares on the relevant pricing date and the final settlement amount payable in 
respect of such Securities will be linked to the performance of the relevant share company. Therefore, if the 
traded price of the relevant shares falls below the value of the shares on the relevant pricing date, the final 
settlement amount payable in respect of each such Security may be less than the issue price of such Security. 
The market price of Equity Linked Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to 
the redemption date or exercise date (as applicable), the volatility of the share or shares, the dividend rate (if 
any) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share or shares as well as 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such shares may be traded. 
Generally no issuer of the relevant share(s) will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Equity Linked Securities and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted.  Consequently, not all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly available information) that 
would affect the trading price of the share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares 
could affect the trading price of the share and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
In the case of Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities and Equity Delta One W&C Securities, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends that 
would be received by a holder of the relevant shares, provided that the conditions specified in the terms of the 
relevant Conditions are met.  Such Securityholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the relevant shares 
and do not have any right to receive any information from the relevant share company.

--- Page 56 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
56 
 
 
Securityholders of Equity Linked Securities will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Securities relate. 
Risks relating to GDR/ADR Linked Securities 
A brief overview of GDR/ADR Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As 
set out below, an investment in GDR/ADR Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Potential investors in GDR/ADR Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the 
GDR/ADR Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments or delivery 
of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of Securities 
which are principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value of the GDRs and/or ADRs does not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the GDRs and/or ADRs may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in 
the relevant price of the GDRs and/or ADRs may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the price of the GDRs 
and/or ADRs, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the price of the GDRs and/or ADRs on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
The market price of GDR/ADR Linked Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date or exercise date (as applicable), the volatility of the GDRs and/or ADRs and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the GDRs and/or ADRs as well as economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such GDRs and/or ADRs may be traded. 
The risk factors associated with (i) Disrupted Days, (ii) Potential Disruption Events, (iii) Additional Disruption 
Events and (iv) the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency set 
out in respect of Equity Linked Securities above are also applicable to GDR/ADR Linked Securities. In 
addition, these provisions may be applicable in respect of the applicable GDR/ADR and/or the relevant 
underlying shares and prospective purchasers should review the relevant Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. Furthermore, certain of these or 
similar events may also affect the depositary which is the legal owner of the underlying shares. Any such event 
which has a material adverse impact on the depositary may have a corresponding adverse effect on the 
performance of the Securities. 
Risks relating to FX Linked Securities 
A brief overview of FX Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As set out 
below, an investment in FX Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional 
debt security. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the FX Linked Securities are linked will affect the nature and value of 
the investment return on such Securities. Foreign exchange rates are dependent on the supply and demand for 
currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates and interest rates in the jurisdiction(s) in which the relevant currency is the lawful currency, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and risks associated with making 
financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central 
banks. Emerging market or non-deliverable currencies can be significantly more volatile than deliverable 
currencies or currencies of developed markets and are more likely to be the subject of events that disrupt a 
particular market for a currency. Disruption events that may apply to FX Linked Securities are set out in Annex 
3 "Additional Terms and Conditions for FX Linked Securities". The applicable Final Terms will specify which 
Disruption Events apply to a particular series of FX Linked Securities. Consequences of a Disruption Event 
are set out below.

--- Page 57 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
57 
 
 
Potential investors in any FX Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the FX Linked 
Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) payments 
or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of 
Securities which are principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment if the currency exchange rates do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may 
adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In 
general, the earlier the change in the price of the currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount 
or interest or other interim amounts payable, or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value of FX 
Linked Securities. Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, redemption 
or sale of FX Linked Securities into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates 
between their home currency and Settled Currency (as defined below) of the Securities.  Currency values may 
be affected by complex political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the 
value of a currency/currencies, regardless of other market forces (see "Exchange rate risks and exchange 
controls" below). 
In the event that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists as of the relevant time(s) for determination of any 
Settlement Rate or any other relevant time on any day and such Disruption Event is material in the context of 
determining such Settlement Rate then one or more of the following fallback provisions may be applicable to 
the Securities, each as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if more than one such fallback 
provision is relevant, the Calculation Agent may select any of such fallback provisions as it determines 
appropriate): 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Settlement Rate by reference to such source(s) it 
deems relevant; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Settlement Rate by reference to a specified fallback 
reference price; 
(iii) 
the relevant valuation date may be postponed; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer may redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities early. 
The application of any such fallback provisions may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
affected FX Linked Securities. Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Conditions of the Securities 
and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
Risks relating to Commodity Linked Securities 
A brief overview of Commodity Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As 
set out below, an investment in Commodity Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with 
a conventional debt security. 
Potential investors in Commodity Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the 
Commodity Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic 
payments), (ii) payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) except in the case of Securities which are principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment if the value of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) do not 
move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and 
the timing of changes in the relevant price of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) may adversely

--- Page 58 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
58 
 
 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, 
the earlier the change in the price or level of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices), the greater the 
effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the price or level of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) on the Final Redemption 
Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
The market price of Commodity Linked Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date or exercise date, as applicable, the volatility of the commodity(ies) or commodity 
index(ices) as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such commodity(ies) may be traded. 
Following the occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event which is continuing on any Pricing Date, 
the Relevant Commodity Price for that Pricing Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the first applicable Disruption Fallback that provides a Relevant Commodity Price, such Disruption 
Fallback may require that: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Relevant Commodity Price based on the price for that Pricing 
Date of the first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and not subject to a Commodity Market Disruption Event; 
(ii) 
the publication or announcement of the Relevant Commodity Price be delayed; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Relevant Commodity Price or the price for an Underlying 
Futures Contract, as applicable (or a method for determining the foregoing), taking into consideration 
the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price or Underlying Futures 
Contract, as applicable, and any other information that in its sole discretion it deems relevant. 
The application of any such Disruption Fallback provisions may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the affected Commodity Linked Securities. 
If, with respect to a Commodity Index, a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs, then the Issuer may at 
its option require the Calculation Agent to (i) determine such adjustment to the terms of such Commodity 
Linked Securities as it deems appropriate, which may include without limitation, delaying any applicable date 
for valuation or observation of the relevant Commodity Index, (ii) replace any affected commodity index with 
one or more replacement indices, or (iii) calculate the Relevant Commodity Price using, in lieu of a published 
level for the relevant index, the level for the index as at the applicable Pricing Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the index last in effect prior 
to the relevant Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Index Components that comprised the relevant 
Commodity Index immediately prior to the relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event (other than those 
Index Components that have ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange or traded on any relevant over-the-
counter market (bilateral or otherwise)).  Any such Calculation Agent determination may have an adverse 
effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Commodity Linked Securities.  In addition, the Issuer may 
redeem or cancel the Securities following the occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event.  
Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Final Terms 
to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
Commodities are generally divided into four main classes and Commodity Indices may include one or more 
of these: (i) Energy: which includes crude oil, gasoline, heating oil and natural gas; (ii) Agriculture: which 
includes corn, soybeans, wheat, sugar, cocoa, cotton and coffee; (iii) Livestock: which includes cattle and 
hogs; and (iv) Metals: which can be subdivided into base metals such as aluminium, copper, nickel, lead and 
zinc, and precious metals such as gold and silver. In addition to factors affecting commodities generally that 
are described above, Commodity Linked Securities linked specifically to the price of energy, agriculture, 
livestock or metals may be subject to a number of additional factors specific to such commodities that might 
cause price volatility. An overview of these factors is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. In 
each case, these factors interrelate in complex ways, and the effect of one factor on the market value of 
Commodity Linked Securities linked to the price of any energy-related commodity may offset or compound

--- Page 59 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
59 
 
 
the effect of another factor. Investors should be aware of this risk and take independent, specialist advice 
wherever necessary. 
The London Metal Exchange's use of or omission to use price controls may result in limited appreciation but 
unlimited depreciation in the price of certain base metal futures contracts traded on the LME and, therefore, 
the value of Commodity Linked Securities linked to the price of such base metals. 
U.S. exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in some futures contract prices that may 
occur during a single business day. These limits are generally referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits". In 
contrast, futures contracts on aluminium, copper, lead, nickel that are traded on the London Metal Exchange 
(the LME) are not subject to daily price fluctuation limits to restrict the extent of daily fluctuations in the 
prices of such contracts. In a declining market, therefore, it is possible that prices for one or more contracts 
traded on the LME would continue to decline without limitation within a trading day or over a period of trading 
days. A steep decline in the price of the futures contract could have a significant adverse impact on the value 
of any Commodity Linked Securities linked to such aluminium, copper, lead, nickel futures contracts. 
Moreover, the LME has discretion to impose "backwardation limits" by permitting short sellers who are unable 
to effect delivery of an underlying commodity and/or borrow such commodity at a price per day that is no 
greater than the backwardation limit to defer their delivery obligations by paying a penalty in the amount of 
the backwardation limit to buyers for whom delivery was deferred. Backwardation limits tend to either 
constrain appreciation or cause depreciation of the prices of futures contracts expiring in near delivery months. 
Impositions of such backwardation limits could adversely affect the value of any Commodity Linked Securities 
linked to such aluminium, copper, lead, nickel futures contracts. 
Contracts traded on the LME are exposed to concentration risks beyond those characteristic of futures 
contracts on U.S. futures exchanges. 
Futures contracts traded on U.S. futures exchanges generally call for delivery of the physical commodities to 
which such contracts relate in stated delivery months. In contrast, contracts traded on the LME may call for 
delivery on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. As a result, there may be a greater risk of a concentration of 
positions in contracts trading on the LME on particular delivery dates than for futures contracts traded on U.S. 
futures exchanges, since, for example, contracts calling for delivery on a daily, weekly or monthly basis could 
call for delivery on the same or approximately the same date. Such a concentration of positions, in turn, could 
cause temporary aberrations in the prices of contracts traded on the LME for delivery dates to which such 
positions relate. To the extent such aberrations are in evidence on a given pricing date with respect to the price 
of any such futures contract, they could adversely affect the value of any Commodity Linked Securities linked 
to such futures contracts. 
Risks relating to Fund Linked Securities 
A brief overview of Fund Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As set 
out below, an investment in Fund Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Potential investors in Fund Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Fund Linked 
Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) payments 
or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of 
Securities which are principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment if the value of the fund share(s) or unit(s) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in 
the relevant price of the fund share(s) or unit(s) may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices of 
the fund share(s) or unit(s), the greater the effect on yield. 
Despite the fact that, in relation to any Fund, a net asset value may be published, potential investors should be 
aware that in most cases payments on the Fund Linked Securities will be determined by reference to amounts 
that would be received by a hypothetical investor in the relevant Fund. Any such amounts may be significantly 
different from amounts calculated by reference to the net asset value of the relevant Fund. In addition, potential

--- Page 60 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
60 
 
 
investors should be aware that, in relation to payments due on Fund Linked Securities which are determined 
by reference to amounts that would be received by a hypothetical investor, where such hypothetical investor 
would receive payments after their scheduled payment date, corresponding delays may also be made to 
equivalent payments on the Fund Linked Securities. 
As part of its investment policy, a Fund might invest in assets that are largely illiquid. A possible consequence 
of this is that the Fund is not able to sell these assets at the planned time, or can only do so at a lower price. If 
the planned sale is delayed, the value of the asset concerned can change substantially between the planned and 
actual time of sale. In the event of a negative change, the fund's net asset value may also decline. Such a delay 
may also create difficulties in calculating the fund's net asset value. Any such delayed calculation may entail 
further unfavourable consequences for the Securityholders. 
Investors should be aware that a Fund that pursues "alternative investment strategies" (for example, a hedge 
fund) also bears the risks specific to such types of investment strategy.  These may include one or more of the 
following: lack of transparency, inadequate investment restrictions, concentration of risks, leverage, use of 
derivatives, short sales and trading in illiquid instruments. In addition, the fund manager and any trustee are 
often unable to offer any protection against the risk of fraud or misrepresentation by a trading consultant, asset 
manager or other service provider of the fund. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the Fund may either invest directly in the assets or may reference 
the assets' performance using a multitude of hedging strategies and/or mathematical modelling techniques. 
These strategies and techniques can change over time. They may also be speculative in nature, prove 
ineffective, or entail a substantial risk of loss. It may be difficult to obtain valuations of products to which such 
strategies and/or techniques are applied. Furthermore, the loss in value regarding such products may be greater 
than with other investments. Alternative investment vehicles are often unregulated, offer only limited 
information about their activities, may charge high costs, commissions and fees (including fees charged on the 
basis of unrealised profits), have no minimum credit standards, pursue short-selling strategies, use external 
resources to a large degree, and offer securities relating to accounts not managed separately. 
Valuation errors in calculating the net asset value of investment vehicles contained in a fund of funds affect 
the calculation of that fund of funds' net asset value and the relevant redemption proceeds. A fund of funds 
may invest in vehicles that are not quoted in recognised securities markets or are traded over-the-counter. In 
these cases, the net asset value of the investment vehicle as calculated by its manager is used to calculate the 
net asset value of the fund of funds. Should the data obtained be erroneous in any way, this can have a 
substantial impact on the fund of funds' net asset value and the relevant redemption proceeds. The manager of 
an investment vehicle might calculate the respective net asset value with delays, in which case the calculation 
of the net asset value per share of the fund of funds can be based on the estimated net asset value per share of 
such vehicle. The estimated net asset value can differ from the final one published later. Since a Fund may 
invest in shares of investment vehicles that are not publicly quoted and can only be acquired through the 
management companies or administrators, obtaining confirmations of the execution of orders to buy or sell 
investments can also be delayed. The determination of the net asset value can be based on such orders to buy 
or sell investments even before confirmation of the actual execution has been received. If such a confirmation 
does not precisely correspond to the orders issued, this can have a substantial impact on the net asset value and 
thus the relevant redemption proceeds. 
The relevant Fund may concentrate its assets on certain countries, industries or investment classes. In this case 
it can be subject to greater fluctuations in value than if it diversified the risks among lines of business, regions 
and countries. The value of investments in certain countries, industries and investment classes may be very 
volatile within brief periods of time. 
The relevant Fund may be subject to substantial currency risks. Even a Fund's hedging transactions may not 
exclude such risks. Funds that invest in lightly regulated, narrow and exotic markets face certain risks. For 
example, some markets can face government actions resulting in the full or partial loss of the invested asset or 
attachment of the asset invested there. These markets might also be regulated less reliably than others. 
Funds might be subject to no supervision or may invest in vehicles that are themselves unsupervised. 
Conversely, the introduction of supervision over previously unregulated funds can result in substantial 
disadvantages for them.

--- Page 61 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
61 
 
 
A large number of subscription or repurchase orders with the Fund by investors can lead to either an accelerated 
sale or temporary dilution of assets and higher fees for the remaining investors or "gating" where such orders 
are only satisfied in part, with others being delayed. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the price of the fund share(s) or unit(s) on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
The price of unit(s) or fund share(s) may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in 
particular the investment adviser. 
Following the existence or occurrence of any Fund Potential Adjustment Event (whether or not such Potential 
Fund Adjustment Event is continuing), the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the relevant Fund Interest and, if so, may 
make a corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any of the terms of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting, 
concentrative or other effect and determine the effective date of that adjustment. Any such adjustment may 
have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Fund Linked Securities. 
Following the existence or occurrence of a Fund Event (whether or not such Fund Event is continuing), the 
Issuer may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments to the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines appropriate to account for the Fund Event 
(including, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, replacing any affected Fund Interest with a 
replacement Fund Interest); 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities; 
(iii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, a portion of the Securities and elect, in lieu of payment, to deliver or 
procure delivery of some or all of the relevant Fund Interests (or, if applicable, Spin-off Fund Interests) 
to which the Securities relate; 
(iv) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, a portion of the Securities at such amount as the Calculation Agent 
determines could be realised by a Hypothetical Investor for immediately available cash proceeds at 
such time, less all unwind costs, taxes and expenses incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate or agent in 
such realisation; or 
(v) 
delay payment of any redemption, settlement, interest amounts (in the case of Fund Linked N&C 
Securities) or additional amounts (in the case of Fund Linked W&C Securities). 
The application of any such provisions may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected 
Fund Linked Securities. Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Conditions of the Securities and 
the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
Subject as may be provided in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), the price in 
respect of a Fund and the related Relevant Holding, will be determined by reference to an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the redemption proceeds relating to 
the Relevant Holding that the Calculation Agent determines would be received by a hypothetical investor. A 
Relevant Holding, in respect of a Fund, is the holding of such number or amount of Fund Interests per nominal 
amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or per W&C Security, as applicable, as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms which shall be deemed to be acquired by a hypothetical investor. Such Relevant 
Holding may be subject to adjustment including but without limitation following (i) interest payments, if any, 
(ii) Fund equalisations or (iii) the redemption of Fund Shares attributed to fee payments.  Where any such 
adjustment has the effect of decreasing the Relevant Holding, this may have an adverse effect on the calculation 
of the price of the Fund and, consequently, the performance of the Fund Linked Securities. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to Exchange Traded Funds, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant time any such determination may 
have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Securities and/or may delay

--- Page 62 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
62 
 
 
settlement in respect of the Securities.  Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the 
Securities. 
Funds regularly charge fees (such as management fees) that lower the redemption proceeds used to determine 
the redemption, cancellation and/or interim amounts under the Securities. In addition, other fees and expenses 
can be incurred that are charged by third persons employed by the fund manager to provide services connected 
to the Fund (such as custodian bank fees, fees for investment advice and auditing). Furthermore, the fund 
manager, asset manager or investment consultant may charge a performance-related fee. 
There may also be fees incurred at the level of the assets held by a Fund that lower the value of these assets, 
and thereby also indirectly lower the net asset value of the Fund itself. Such fees occur especially if the Fund 
for its part invests in other funds (a fund of funds) or other investment vehicles or instruments entailing fees. 
These fees may lower the net asset value of the fund, and thereby also indirectly lower the redemption, 
cancellation and/or interim amounts under the Securities. 
Certain conflicts of interest may occur in connection with a Fund's business activities. With a trustee, manager 
or consultant of the Fund, potential conflicts of interest may arise due to fee refunds or other benefits. In 
addition, advisers of the Fund and their employees may perform management, trading or consulting services 
for other accounts. Where investments are lucrative, one of these people might be tempted to initially favour 
the portfolios yielding the highest fees. 
Similarly, fund advisors and their employees or senior officials may provide management, trading or 
consulting services for their own accounts and those of other customers and make recommendations or adopt 
positions differing from those issued for or maintained by the Fund or competing with those of the Fund. 
People entrusted with managing the Fund assets might receive performance fees but not participate in possible 
losses. This can create an incentive to execute riskier transactions. Furthermore, persons connected with an 
administrator, manager, trustee or other persons involved in the fund's management might enter into their own 
transactions with the fund. Besides these, other conflicts of interest may exist. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) following the declaration by 
the ETF of the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical relevant Fund Shares 
and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of the relevant Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting 
or concentrative effect and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. Such adjustment may have an 
adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Fund Linked Securities. 
In addition, in the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to Exchange Traded Funds, if a Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-listing, Material Underlying Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in relation to any Fund 
Share, the Issuer may, inter alia, take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
relevant Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
De-listing, Material Underlying Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency and determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
affected Fund Linked Securities; or 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the Securities. Following such redemption or cancellation an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption or cancellation proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Securities being redeemed or cancelled and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The market price of Fund Linked Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date or settlement date (as applicable) and the volatility of the price of fund share(s) or unit(s).  
The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or 
more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in 
the fund or funds may be traded.

--- Page 63 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
63 
 
 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities linked to Exchange Traded Funds, the Exchange Traded Fund may be 
linked to or otherwise track the price of a commodity, for example precious metals such as gold.  Such Fund 
Linked Securities linked to Exchange Traded Funds will be subject to a number of additional risk factors that 
may cause price volatility as further described in respect of commodities in the section entitled "Risks relating 
to Commodity Linked Securities" above. 
Risks relating to Type A Fund Linked Securities 
Where W&C Securities are Type A Fund Linked Securities, the value of a security in the Initial Reference 
ETF is relevant for the purposes of calculating the Exercise Price and the Fixed Spread and the value of a share 
or unit in Final Reference ETF is relevant for the purposes of calculating the Final Price and the Fixed Spread.  
The aim of the Fixed Spread is that the Settlement Price used for the determination of the Cash Settlement 
Amount should be approximately the same as the closing price of securities in the Initial Reference ETF on 
the Final Valuation Date (assuming that the difference between the official closing prices of securities in the 
Initial Reference ETF and the Final Reference ETF on the Final Valuation Date is approximately the same as 
such historical price difference as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Valuation Date).  
However, where this is not the case and/or this aim is not achieved, this in turn may have an adverse effect on 
the value of Type A Fund Linked Securities. 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Securities 
A brief overview of Inflation Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. As set 
out below, an investment in Inflation Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Potential investors in Inflation Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation 
Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) 
payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of Securities which are 
principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal investment if the 
value of the inflation index does not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation index may be subject to significant fluctuations that 
may not correlate with changes in other economic variables or indices and the timing of changes in the relevant 
level of the inflation index may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the level of an inflation index or result 
of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable are determined in conjunction 
with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
level of an inflation index on the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or interest payable will 
be magnified. 
Pursuant to the relevant Conditions, the Calculation Agent may make determinations in relation to the inflation 
index or indices, and in certain circumstances, following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, in which case the 
Issuer may redeem or cancel the Securities, as applicable. Such determinations may have an effect on the 
timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Securities and/or may delay settlement in respect of the 
Securities. Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Conditions of the Securities and the applicable 
Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Securities. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date or exercise date (as applicable) and the volatility of the level of the inflation index.  The level 
of the inflation index may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions. 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Securities 
General risks relating to Credit Linked Securities 
An overview of Credit Linked Securities is contained in the "Investment Considerations" section. Investors 
should refer to this overview for important information relating to, among other things, physical settlement of

--- Page 64 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
64 
 
 
Credit Linked Securities, the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, amendment of Credit Linked Securities in 
accordance with market convention, hedging disruption, the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
and the role of the Credit Determinations Committee. In particular, holders of Credit Linked Securities should 
be aware that: 
 
where physical settlement of Credit Linked Securities applies and holders fail to comply with physical 
settlement requirements, there is a significant risk that they may not receive their entitlement; 
 
there are differences between the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) which are reflected the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities, and such differences may have an 
adverse impact on the value of the Credit Linked Securities and the return (if any) to investors; 
 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions are subject to continuous evolution and require further 
amendment when reflected in the terms of an offering of securities such as the Credit Linked 
Securities, meaning that the Credit Linked Securities may not conform to future market standards and 
are not equivalent to investing in a credit default swap which incorporates the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions; 
 
in certain circumstances the Calcuation Agent may amend the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Securities in a way which is unfavourable to investors; 
 
the Issuer may make adjustments to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities 
or redeem or cancel the Credit Linked Securities to account for certain hedging disruption events and 
in this way have an adverse impact on the value of the Credit Linked Securities; 
 
the Credit Linked Securities may incorporate certain terms of the Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix, and it is the responsibility of the investor to ensure that they are familiar with such 
terms; 
 
following a Credit Determination Date the Issuer may select an Obligation for delivery which has the 
lowest value in the market at that time, thereby adversely impacting the return (if any) to investors; 
 
in respect of a Credit Event, the Credit Event Determinations Committee has the power to make 
binding decisions on critical issues and investors will have no control over how such decisions are 
made notwithstanding that they may have a significant impact on the return (if any) to investors. 
As set out below, an investment in Credit Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Prospective investors in Credit Linked Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) 
payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of Securities which are 
principally protected at maturity, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The market price of Credit Linked Securities may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
the time remaining to the redemption date or settlement date, as applicable, prevailing credit spreads and the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity which in turn may be affected by the economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions. In the event of early redemption or early cancellation, as 
applicable, of Credit Linked Securities following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Credit Linked Securities 
will either (i) cease to bear interest from the Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date if "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (ii) cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date if "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Credit Linked Securities other than Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities or 
Tranched Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities, save where the Credit Event Redemption Date 
is specified to occur on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date (Credit Maturity Redemption) the Credit 
Linked Securities may then be early redeemed following a Credit Event which may be prior to their scheduled 
maturity.  Where such Credit Maturity Redemption does apply as specified in the applicable Final Terms, then

--- Page 65 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
65 
 
 
maturity of the Credit Linked Securities may be delayed until the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked 
Securities, notwithstanding that this may occur a significant time following the occurrence of the Credit Event 
and no further interest will be payable in this period.  Accordingly investors should review carefully the nature 
of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount and Credit Event Redemption Date and the timing for this, 
as well as the basis on which these are determined. 
Where the Credit Linked Securities provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified 
assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions but excluding the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or 
illegal to deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any Affiliate and/or 
agent has not received under the terms of any transaction and/or trading position entered into by the Issuer 
and/or such Affiliate and/or agent to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Securities.  
Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Credit Linked Securities and/or cause the 
obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either 
case, may affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will 
affect the timing of the valuation of such Credit Linked Securities and as a result, the amount payable on 
redemption or cancellation.  In addition, since the deliverable assets will be issued, guaranteed or insured by 
the Reference Entity affected by a Credit Event, the value of such assets at the relevant time may be 
considerably less than would be the case if a Credit Event had not occurred.  Prospective investors should 
review the relevant Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions 
should apply to the Credit Linked Securities. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Securities which are Credit Linked Securities), the 
Dealer(s) or any of their respective Affiliates may have acquired, or during the term of the Securities may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to the Reference Entity/Entities that they may not disclose. 
Prospective investors must therefore make an investment decision based upon their own due diligence and 
purchase the Credit Linked Securities in the knowledge that non-public information which the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealer(s) or any of their respective Affiliates may have will not be disclosed to 
investors. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective Affiliates is under any 
obligation (i) to review on the Securityholders' behalf the business, financial conditions, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status or affairs of the Reference Entity/Entities or conduct any investigation or due diligence 
into the Reference Entity/Entities or (ii) other than as may be required by applicable rules and regulations 
relating to the Securities, to make available (a) any information relating to the Securities or (b) any non-public 
information they may possess in respect of the Reference Entity/Entities. 
Certain Credit Linked Securities may be highly leveraged instruments, including without limitation (i) Credit 
Linked Securities linked to a notional amount relating to Reference Entities or Reference Obligations 
exceeding the Calculation Amount or Issue Price of the Credit Linked Securities, as applicable, or (ii) Credit 
Linked Securities linked to the first-to-default reference entity within a reference portfolio (or similar 
arrangements over a reference portfolio). The use of leverage is a speculative investment technique designed 
to enhance returns. However, such technique will also magnify the adverse impacts of a Credit Event. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Securities are irrespective of the existence or amount of 
the Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any Affiliate need 
not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Increase of risk due to the replacement of a Reference Entity or succession 
Reference Entities may be replaced due to events beyond the control of the Issuer, such as the merger of a 
corporate entity with another entity, in which case the Reference Entity may be replaced by its successor. Each 
such replacement may result in an increase in the risks involved for the Securityholders. 
Concentration risks in case of Credit Linked N&C Securities referring to a portfolio of Reference Entities 
The probability of the occurrence of Credit Events with respect to the Reference Entities in a portfolio may 
depend on the degree of diversification among the Reference Entities. The composition of the portfolio of 
Reference Entities may change after the Issue Date. Such change may result in an increase of concentration 
among the Reference Entities and therefore also in an increase in the risks associated with such concentration.

--- Page 66 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
66 
 
 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with the terms of the Securities 
In addition to any amendments the Calculation Agent may make from time to time to the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities in accordance with market convention 
(described above), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities themselves contain 
certain provisions which permit the Calculation Agent in certain circumstances to make certain adjustments to 
such Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities.  Such adjustments may adversely affect 
both payments made to Securityholders under the Credit Linked Securities and the timing of any such 
payments. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Securities 
Auction Settlement 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in respect of a Series of Securities 
and an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs, the Auction Final Price will be determined according 
to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, a form of which will 
be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and 
may be amended from time to time.  The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less 
than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the relevant Reference 
Obligation.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securityholders may have little or no influence in the outcome 
of any such auction. 
Auction Final Price and the Issuer's and/or the Guarantors' ability to influence the Auction Final Price 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed or cancelled, as applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the amount payable in respect of the Securities may be determined by reference to the Auction Final 
Price determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms.  There is a possibility that the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Calculation Agent (or one of their Affiliates) 
would act as a participating bidder in any such auction.  In such capacity, it may take certain actions which 
may influence the Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to 
determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not 
denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting 
bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations.  In deciding 
whether to take any such action (or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), the Issuer, the 
Guarantors or the Calculation Agent (or any Affiliate of any of them) shall be under no obligation to consider 
the interests of any Securityholder. 
Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities 
If the relevant Securities are either Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities, Zero Recovery Single 
Name Credit Linked N&C Securities, Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities or any other 
type of zero recovery Credit Linked Securities, in the event that a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of any Reference Entity, the loss amount in respect of such Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 
per cent., meaning that any Securityholder will suffer total loss in relation to that Reference Entity.  As such, 
there will be zero recovery for such Credit Event notwithstanding that the debt of the Reference Entity may 
trade in the market with a recovery value greater than zero.  Securityholders should be aware that Credit Events 
can at times be technical in nature and be triggered even though the financial health of the Reference Entity is 
strong. Where a Credit Event occurs that is technical in nature, the loss amount in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity will nonetheless be deemed to be 100 per cent. notwithstanding the fact that the debt 
obligations of the Reference Entity may be trading well in excess of zero and in some cases may be above par. 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities, on the occurrence of 
a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the N&C Securities will not be redeemed by payment or 
delivery of any amount or asset and instead the Outstanding Nominal Amount by reference to which interest 
and amounts payable on redemption of the N&C Securities are calculated, will be reduced proportionately to 
the weighting of the Reference Entity in the basket and no amounts will be payable to investors in this respect.  
In such circumstances an investor will suffer total loss of the proportion of its investment attributable to such 
Reference Entity (as represented by the relevant Reference Entity weighting).  In certain circumstances the

--- Page 67 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
67 
 
 
amount paid to Securityholders on redemption may be less than their original investment and, if the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, will be zero. 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities, on the 
occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
N&C Securities will be discharged on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and no payment or delivery 
of any amount or asset will be made by the Issuer in respect of such discharge and the Issuer shall have no 
further liability or obligations in respect of the N&C Securities.  In such circumstances an investor will suffer 
total loss of its investment in the Securities. 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities, an investor is 
exposed to the credit risk of a certain percentage (the "tranche") of a relevant Index. This means that on the 
occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the N&C Securities will not be redeemed by 
payment or delivery of any amount or asset and instead the Outstanding Nominal Amount by reference to 
which interest and amounts payable on redemption of the N&C Securities are calculated, will be reduced by 
an aggregate reduction amount when the aggregate losses in the Index resulting from Credit Events in respect 
of one or more Reference Entities exceed a certain percentage (the Tranche Attachment Level). However, 
once the losses resulting from Credit Events exceed a higher threshold percentage (the Tranche Detachment 
Level) an investor will not receive any further amounts in respect of the Securities. In certain circumstances 
the amount paid to Securityholders on redemption may be less than their original investment and, if the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, will be zero and no amount will be payable. 
Investors in the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities are exposed to the tranche of exposure 
on the Reference Entities which comprise the Index as described above.  This position represents a leveraged 
exposure to credit risk since the size of the aggregate notional amount attributed to the Index may be 
significantly larger than the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C 
Securities.  The value of the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities may be more volatile and 
credit losses in respect of the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities may be greater than 
would be the case in the absence of such leverage.  The value of the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
N&C Securities may also be adversely affected by changes in the relative value of different tranches of credit 
risk on the Index.  Such relative value changes may occur as a result of, for example, changes in assumptions 
by market participants to model the credit risk of the Index, correlation between the Reference Entities, as well 
as changes in the supply of and demand for credit protection in relation to each such tranche. 
Credit Event, Succession Event and Successor Backstop Dates 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a series of Credit Linked Securities, a Credit Event may not be triggered 
unless a request is submitted to ISDA for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event within 60 calendar days of the occurrence of 
such potential Credit Event unless a Credit Event Determination Date has already occurred with respect to 
such event.   
For the purposes of the succession provisions the look-back period is 90 calendar days and functions similarly.  
These provisions mean that there is a time limit on the ability to act on a Credit Event or succession and that 
it is possible that the Credit Linked Securities could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place 
prior to the Trade Date. 
Settlement Suspension, Adjustments and Interest Provisions 
Credit Linked Condition 11 permits the Calculation Agent, at its option and only in the circumstances 
described in Credit Linked Condition 11, to determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Credit 
Linked Conditions (as determined by the Calculation Agent) shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended 
(such period of suspension, a Suspension Period) until either (i) where Annex 7 applies, such time as ISDA 
subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
(a) that a Credit Event has or has not occurred or (b) not to determine such matters or (ii) where Annex 15 
applies, the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  
During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Securityholder are obliged to, 
nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Securities.  
Following the occurrence of one of the events described in (i) or (ii), the relevant timing requirements of the

--- Page 68 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
68 
 
 
Credit Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day 
following the occurrence of such event. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (i) such consequential or other 
adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or 
required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension 
and (ii) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 6 provided that: 
(a) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Coupon Period(s), then no interest shall accrue during 
each portion of a Coupon Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Coupon Payment Date will be deferred 
until after the end of the Suspension Period. 
Regulatory treatment of certain Credit Linked Securities 
It is possible that certain Credit Linked Securities may constitute a "securitisation" within the meaning of 
Regulation 2017/2402/EU (the Securitisation Regulation) and, if so, the Issuer will rely on the exemption in 
Article 6(6) of the Securitisation Regulation. Investors that are themselves directly subject to regulatory 
supervision should consider their own regulatory position when investing in Credit Linked Securities. 
Risks relating to Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities 
Prospective investors should note that the interest payable in respect of Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C 
Securities is dependent upon the performance of the relevant Swap Rates (subject to any applicable caps and 
floors specified in respect of the relevant swap rates or the Rate of Interest) and a relatively small movement 
in the value of the Swap Rates can result in a disproportionately large movement in the price of the N&C 
Securities. 
The absolute level of interest rates and the shape of the yield curve may affect the market value and the interest 
amounts of Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities.  In addition, the steepness of the Swap Rates between 
the long-end and the short-end, as well as the implied correlation and volatilities of such parts of the Swap 
Rates will affect, potentially adversely, the market value and the interest payable on Swap Rate Linked Interest 
N&C Securities.  Additionally, an Administrator/Benchmark Event may occur in respect of the relevant 
benchmark(s) to which Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities are linked - see "Risks relating to swap 
rates" above for further information. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own investigations and, in deciding whether or not to purchase 
Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities, prospective investors should form their own views of the merits 
of an investment related to the Swap Rates based upon such investigations and not solely in reliance upon any 
information given in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
Risks in Relation to the Preference Shares 
A wide range of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities may be issued under the Programme.  A number of 
these Preference Share Linked N&C Securities may have features which contain particular risks for potential 
investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common features for Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
No claim against any Preference Share or any Reference Item 
A Preference Share Linked N&C Security will not represent a claim against any Preference Share or any 
Reference Item and, in the event of any loss, a Securityholder will not have recourse under a Preference Share 
Linked N&C Security to any Preference Share or any Reference Item. 
General risks and risks relating to Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Preference Shares may involve a high degree of risk, which 
may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange, time value and political risks. Purchasers should

--- Page 69 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
69 
 
 
be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities should understand the risks of transactions 
involving the relevant Preference Share Linked N&C Securities and should reach an investment decision only 
after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities in light of their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the 
information regarding the relevant Preference Share Linked N&C Securities and the particular Preference 
Shares and Reference Item(s). 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Preference Shares will represent an investment linked to 
the economic performance of the Preference Shares which will in turn be linked to the economic performance 
of one or more specified Reference Item(s) and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on 
their investment in such Preference Share Linked N&C Securities will depend upon the performance of the 
Preference Shares, which will in turn depend upon the performance of such Reference Item(s).  Potential 
investors should also note that whilst the redemption amount of such Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
is linked to the market value of Preference Shares which will be influenced (potentially negatively) by the 
Reference Item(s), any change may not be comparable to a direct investment in the Reference Item(s) and may 
be disproportionate.  It is impossible to predict how the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) will vary over 
time.  In contrast to a direct investment in the relevant Reference Item(s), Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities represent the right to receive payment of the Final Redemption Amount(s), the value of which will 
be determined by reference to the market value of the relevant Preference Shares, which depends upon the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
As the amounts payable in respect of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are linked to Preference Shares 
which are in turn linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), a purchaser of such a Preference 
Share Linked N&C Security must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an 
anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, 
the lower the value of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities and the shorter the remaining term to 
redemption, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Preference Share Linked N&C Securities will lose all 
or part of their investment. 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Preference Shares are not principal protected.  Investors in 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant 
Preference Shares and/or the relevant Reference Item(s) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), N&C Securities Condition 
8.3, (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), N&C Securities Condition 8.5 (Redemption upon a 
Regulatory Event), N&C Securities Condition 8.6 (Redemption for Illegality), N&C Securities Condition 8.12 
(Adjustment or Redemption following an Administrator/Benchmark Event) and N&C Securities Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement) or if the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer that the 
relevant Preference Shares are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date of the Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities (which may occur where specified disruption or other events occur in relation to the Preference 
Shares and/or the Reference Items(s)), the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities may be subject to early 
redemption. As noted above, the Early Redemption Amount in this case is determined taking into account the 
value of the Preference Shares immediately prior to the time of the early redemption of the Preference Share 
Linked N&C Securities and such Preference Share value in turn may take into account deduction of certain 
costs of the Preference Share Issuer and also certain costs of issuers and their hedging counterparties in relation 
to financial products (such as the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities) related to the Preference Shares. 
This may mean the value of the Preference Shares and consequently the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities, is less, and in some cases significantly less or 
zero, as a result. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Preference Shares and as a result, the value of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities.  Other factors 
which may influence the market value of the Preference Shares and as a result, the value of the Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities, include interest rates, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in 
respect of the relevant Reference Item(s), changes in the method of calculating the relevant Reference Item(s)

--- Page 70 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
70 
 
 
from time to time and market expectations regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
and its composition. 
The Issuer may but is not required to issue several issues of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities relating 
to a particular series of Preference Shares linked to a particular Reference Item. At any given time, the number 
of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities outstanding may be substantial. Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the 
value of the relevant Preference Shares, as a result of fluctuations in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
Risks in Relation to the Reference Item(s) 
An investment in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities will entail significant risks not associated with 
conventional securities such as debt or equity securities.  Preference Share Linked N&C Securities will be 
settled by payment of an amount determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Preference Shares, 
which depend on the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s).  If the value of the Reference Item(s) does 
not move in the anticipated direction, the performance of the Preference Shares may be negative and thus the 
value of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to such Preference Shares will be adversely 
affected.  Purchasers of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Preference Shares risk losing all or 
a part of their investment if the market value of the Preference Shares does not move in the anticipated 
direction. 
Early redemption of the Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Issuer may early redeem or cancel the Preference Shares if: 
(a) 
the Preference Share Calculation Agent (as defined below) determines that for reasons beyond the 
Preference Share Issuer's control, the performance of the Preference Share Issuer's obligations under 
the Preference Shares has become illegal or impractical in whole or in part for any reason; or 
(b) 
any event occurs in respect of which the adjustment provisions under the terms and conditions of the 
Preference Shares provide the Preference Shares may be cancelled or redeemed; or 
(c) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that in the determination of the Preference Share 
Calculation Agent results, or will result, by reason of the Preference Shares being outstanding, in the 
Preference Share Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority, or being 
subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation or tax considered by the Preference Share 
Issuer to be onerous to it; or 
(d) 
the Preference Share Issuer is notified that the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities have become 
subject to early redemption. 
If the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer of early redemption of the Preference Shares, 
the Issuer will notify Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 and each Preference 
Share Linked N&C Security shall be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Risks relating to Index Linked Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are dependent upon the performance of the Preference Shares 
which are in turn dependent on the level of or changes in the level of an index or a basket of indices (Index 
Linked Preference Shares).  The index or indices may notionally comprise reference equities, fund shares, 
bonds, other securities, property, currency exchange rates or other assets or bases of reference, and may be a 
well known and widely published index or indices or an index or indices established by the Issuer or another 
entity which may not be widely published or available.  An investment in Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities linked to Index Linked Preference Shares will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional security. 
Potential investors in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Index Linked Preference Shares 
should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Index Linked Preference Shares, payments may occur at 
a different time than expected and they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the Preference Shares, determined by reference to the value of the index/indices, does not move in the 
anticipated direction.

--- Page 71 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
71 
 
 
In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that 
may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant level of the index or indices may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result 
of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If amounts payable under the Index Linked Preference Shares are determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index 
or the indices on the Index Linked Preference Shares will be magnified. This may, in turn, be reflected in the 
market value of the Index Linked Preference Shares (which will be relevant to calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities). 
Prospective purchasers should review the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Preference Shares to ascertain whether and how adjustment provisions apply to the 
Preference Shares, the potential for the Preference Shares to be cancelled or redeemed and the effect of such 
adjustments on the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
The market price of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Index Linked Preference Shares may 
be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of the level of the 
index or indices.  The level of the index or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any 
securities notionally comprising the index or indices may be traded. 
Risks relating to Equity Linked Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are dependent upon the performance of the Preference Shares 
which are in turn dependent on the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket of shares or the price 
of a GDR/ADR or a basket of GDRs/ADRs (Equity Linked Preference Shares). Accordingly, an investment 
in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Equity Linked Preference Shares may bear similar 
market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice accordingly. An investment in 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Equity Linked Preference Shares will entail significant 
risks not associated with a conventional security. 
Potential investors in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Equity Linked Preference Shares 
should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity Linked Preference Shares, payments may occur at 
a different time than expected and they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the Equity Linked Preference Shares, which is determined by reference to the value of the share(s), does not 
move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the share or basket of shares may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may adversely affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the price of the 
share or shares, the greater the effect on yield. 
If amounts payable under the Equity Linked Preference Shares are determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the share 
or shares on the Equity Linked Preference Shares will be magnified. This may, in turn, be reflected in the 
market value of the Equity Linked Preference Shares (which will be relevant to calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities). 
Prospective purchasers should review the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms and the terms and conditions of 
the Preference Shares to ascertain whether and how adjustment provisions apply to the Preference Shares, the 
potential for the Preference Shares to be cancelled or redeemed and the effect of such adjustments on the 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
The market price of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Equity Linked Preference Shares may 
be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption date, the volatility of the share or 
shares, the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
72 
 
 
share or shares as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such shares may be traded. 
Generally no issuer of the relevant share(s) will have participated in the preparation of the Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms and conditions of the Equity Linked Preference Shares and none of the Issuer or any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information 
concerning any such issuer of shares or in the documents from which such information was extracted.  
Consequently, not all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the 
accuracy or completeness of any publicly available information) that would affect the trading price of the share 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to 
disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share 
and therefore the value of the Equity Linked Preference Shares, and therefore the value of the Preference Share 
Linked N&C Securities. 
Holders of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Equity Linked Preference Shares will not have 
voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant 
shares to which such Preference Shares relate. 
Prospective purchasers should review the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Preference Shares to ascertain whether and how adjustment provisions apply to the 
Preference Shares, the potential for the Preference Shares to be cancelled or redeemed and the effect of such 
adjustments on the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
Risks relating to Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Commodity Linked Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are dependent upon the performance of the Preference Shares 
which are in turn dependent on the price or changes in the price of commodities, basket of commodities, a 
commodity index or basket of commodity indices (Commodity Linked Preference Shares). Accordingly, an 
investment in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Commodity Linked Preference Shares may 
bear similar market risks to a direct commodity investment and investors should take advice accordingly.  An 
investment in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Commodity Linked Preference Shares will 
entail significant risks not associated with a conventional security. 
Potential investors in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Commodity Linked Preference Shares 
should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Commodity Linked Preference Shares, payments may 
occur at a different time than expected and they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value of the Commodity Linked Preference Shares, which is determined by reference to the value of the 
commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices), does not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and 
the timing of changes in the relevant price of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) may adversely 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, 
the earlier the change in the price or level of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices), the greater the 
effect on yield. 
If amounts payable under the Commodity Linked Preference Shares are determined in conjunction with a 
multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price or 
level of the commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) on the Commodity Linked Preference Shares will be 
magnified. This may, in turn, be reflected in the market value of the Commodity Linked Preference Shares 
(which will be relevant to calculating the Final Redemption Amount of the Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities). 
The market price of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Commodity Linked Preference Shares 
may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption date, the volatility of the 
commodity(ies) or commodity index(ices) as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such 
commodity(ies) may be traded.

--- Page 73 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
73 
 
 
Prospective purchasers should review the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Preference Shares to ascertain whether and how adjustment provisions apply to the 
Preference Shares, the potential for the Preference Shares to be cancelled or redeemed and the effect of such 
adjustments on the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
Risks relating to Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Fund Linked Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are dependent upon the performance of the Preference Shares 
which are in turn dependent on the price or changes in the price of an exchange traded fund share or unit or a 
basket of exchange traded fund shares or units (Fund Linked Preference Shares). Accordingly, an investment 
in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Fund Linked Preference Shares may bear similar market 
risks to a direct fund investment and investors should take advice accordingly. An investment in Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Fund Linked Preference Shares will entail significant risks not 
associated with a conventional security. 
Potential investors in Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Fund Linked Preference Shares 
should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund Linked Preference Shares, payments may occur at a 
different time than expected and they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the Fund Linked Preference Shares, which is determined by reference to the value of exchange traded fund 
share(s) or unit(s), does not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the price of exchange traded fund share(s) or unit(s) may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the relevant price of the exchange traded fund share(s) or unit(s) may adversely affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the 
change in the price or prices of the exchange traded fund share(s) or unit(s), the greater the effect on yield. 
If amounts payable under the Fund Linked Preference Shares are determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the exchange 
traded fund share(s) or unit(s) on the Fund Linked Preference Shares will be magnified. This may, in turn, be 
reflected in the market value of the Fund Linked Preference Shares (which will be relevant to calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities). 
The price of unit(s) or exchange traded fund share(s) may be affected by the performance of the fund service 
providers, and in particular the investment adviser. 
Prospective purchasers should review the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Preference Shares to ascertain whether and how adjustment provisions apply to the 
Preference Shares, the potential for the Preference Shares to be cancelled or redeemed and the effect of such 
adjustments on the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities. 
The market price of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to Fund Linked Preference Shares may 
be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of the price of fund 
share(s) or unit(s).  The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected by the economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any units in the fund or funds may be traded. 
9. Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the Programme 
Set out below are certain specific risks that relate to particular types and structures of Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme.  Any series of Securities may incorporate different components of each of the 
specific types of Securities described below and of other types of Securities described in this Base Prospectus 
and/or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in the applicable Final Terms.  This "Risks relating to specific 
product types which may be issued under the Programme" section should be read as an introduction to certain 
types of Securities to provide a greater understanding of the risks set out below and elsewhere in these "Risk 
Factors" and the descriptions in this "Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the 
Programme" section should be read in conjunction with the section "Terms and Conditions of the N&C 
Securities" or "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities", as applicable, and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
74 
 
 
Securities with principal protection 
In relation to principal protected N&C Securities, principal protection only applies where such N&C Securities 
remain outstanding and are held until the Maturity Date. The principal amount of the N&C Securities is to be 
repaid at maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities. However, the ability of 
the Issuer to make payment of principal at maturity depends on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under 
the N&C Securities.  In addition if an early redemption of the N&C Securities occurs in other circumstances, 
no principal protection will apply. 
Principal protected N&C Securities can be linked to a range of Reference Items or a combination of them and 
at maturity will as a minimum pay out the full or a specified percentage of the original capital invested 
regardless of the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) during the lifetime of the Security. In general 
a principal protected N&C Security will not perform as well as an unprotected N&C Security if the market 
goes up. The actual return will depend on the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) as well as on the 
payoff profile as set out in the relevant documentation. 
The simplest principal protected N&C Securities structure will pay out an amount above the principal protected 
level linked directly to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). The participation in the performance 
of the Reference Item(s) (above the principal protected level) might be capped or adjusted to a pre-set 
participation factor which can be less than 100 per cent. 
Securities with no principal protection 
Investors investing in W&C Securities, or N&C Securities with no principal protection at maturity or 
settlement, may fully participate in a downturn of the relevant Reference Item(s) and may lose up to 100 per 
cent. of the initial investment. The upside return profile of W&C Securities or non-principal protected N&C 
Securities can be similar to principal-protected N&C Securities but often perform better, generally due to 
higher participations or higher caps. The potential return profiles include linear upside with or without a pre-
set maximum redemption or settlement amount as well as the return profiles described above. The downside 
nature of not having principal protection may be, but is not limited to, the below examples: 
(a) 
The Securities can have full, partial or leveraged participation in the downside performance of the 
Reference Item(s). This means that the Securities can have a lower or higher relative value than the 
Reference Item(s). 
(b) 
N&C Securities may provide for conditional principal protection which means that there is principal 
protection (full or in a specified percentage) as long as certain conditions are met.  An example of a 
condition is that the Reference Item(s) shall be trading above a certain level on the relevant observation 
dates. If the conditions are not met, the Securities can have full or leveraged exposure to the Reference 
Item(s) on the downside performance. Conditional principal protection could also be in the form of 
having exposure to downside performance of the Reference Item(s) until a pre-set performance level 
is reached on the relevant observation dates after which the Security is principal protected at maturity 
or settlement. 
Return profiles 
Set out below is a non-exhaustive, indicative list of certain types of products, product features and cash-flows 
that may be provided under this Programme. Any such products may be Principal Protected Securities (in the 
case of N&C Securities only) or non-Principal Protected Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Securities may contain similar, identical or different features to those below and 
be referred to by other names.  For the purposes of this section ("Return profiles") the term "reference assets" 
should be read as to include both reference assets and any other relevant reference bases. 
Magnum Securities are Securities linked to the performance of a basket of reference assets. A pre-defined 
performance cap will be applied to each basket constituent when calculating the total basket performance. As 
a result, the basket performance cannot exceed the performance cap and if one or more basket constituents 
perform above such cap this upside will not be taken into account when calculating the basket performance. 
As a result of such performance cap, the return to holders may be less than would have been the case if the 
performance cap had not applied.

--- Page 75 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
75 
 
 
Fixed Best Securities are Securities linked to the performance of a basket of reference assets. When 
calculating the basket performance, the performance of the best-performing one or more basket constituents 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be disregarded and replaced by a pre-defined performance 
level which can be higher or lower than the actual performance. Should the best performing basket 
constituent(s) trade above the predefined performance level then such upside will not be taken into account 
when calculating the basket performance and the return on the Securities will be less than would have been 
the case had such an upside performance been taken into account.  
Ladder (or Lock-in) Securities are Securities linked to the performance of the reference asset(s). The final 
redemption or cash settlement amount of the Securities will be linked to the development of the performance 
of the reference asset(s) and whether certain pre-set performance levels have been met or exceeded on any of 
the observation dates. The payout can be based on the maximum between the performance level of the 
reference asset(s) at maturity and the performance levels reached by the reference asset(s) on the relevant 
observation dates, or just be linked to the maximum performance level reached by the reference asset(s) on the 
relevant observation dates hence giving the investor the opportunity of locking in a better performance than 
realised at maturity. However, if such pre-set performance levels are not met or exceeded, as described above, 
then the return to investors may be less than would otherwise have been the case. 
Asian Call Securities are Securities linked to the performance of the reference asset(s). Payments under Asian 
Call Securities are linked to the average price of the reference asset(s) observed at predefined dates. The 
calculation of the redemption or cash settlement amount is based on the average of the closing levels of the 
reference asset(s) on such averaging dates as well as on the final valuation date. This will mean that the 
redemption or cash settlement amount will be different than that of a security whose redemption or cash 
settlement amount is only based on the closing level of the reference asset(s) on the final valuation date. Such 
averaging can protect the returns of the Security should the reference asset(s) fall in value immediately prior 
to the final valuation date but will result in lower returns if the reference asset(s) continually increases in value 
up to the final valuation date. A floor added to the Asian Call Securities (Floored Asian Call Securities) aims 
to reduce the downside risk for investors if the floor is below the initial level of the reference asset(s) (in which 
case it is not principal protected) and to provide a minimum redemption or cash settlement amount if the floor 
is above the initial level of the reference asset(s). However, investors should review carefully the terms of 
Securities to determine if any such floor feature applies and if it does not, then this protection will not be 
available. 
Outperformance Securities are Securities linked to the performance of two reference assets (or two baskets 
of reference assets). At maturity, they pay the positive difference of the performance between two reference 
assets. Thus, for a Security paying the outperformance of asset A over asset B (where asset A and asset B may 
also be baskets of reference assets), investors receive the difference in performance at maturity only if the final 
performance of asset A is greater than the one of asset B. The redemption payment at maturity or cash 
settlement amount at exercise is therefore to some extent market neutral, since even if both assets trade below 
their initial levels, investors can still receive a payout above zero provided that asset A performs better than 
asset B. However, if the final performance of Asset A is equal to or less than that of Asset B, then the 
investment return on the Securities may be significantly less or zero. 
Memory Coupon Securities are Securities linked to the performance of a basket of reference assets. The 
Memory Coupon Security pays fixed interim amounts if certain predetermined market conditions are realised 
at the relevant observation dates, e.g. all basket constituents trade above a specified barrier. If at a certain 
observation date, the pre-determined market condition is not met and no interim amounts will be paid, these 
"missed" interim amounts will be paid on the first following observation date where the predetermined 
condition is met. A freezer feature can be added (Memory Coupon Freezer Securities). If on any of the 
observation dates, a fixed number of constituents trade above a specified barrier, which is usually at a higher 
level than the first barrier, the freezer feature comes into effect, which locks in future interim payments at a 
predefined rate until maturity regardless of the future performance of the constituents. However, if such 
predetermined market conditions are not met as described above, then the return on the Securities may be 
significantly reduced or may be zero. 
Podium Securities are Securities linked to the performance of a basket of reference assets. The Podium 
Securities may pay annual interim amounts, which are determined by reference to the number of underlying

--- Page 76 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
76 
 
 
assets that have closed above a pre-defined level at the relevant observation dates and a pre-determined table 
of possible payments. Underlying assets may not close above the relevant pre-defined levels and in this case, 
such annual interim amounts may be significantly reduced or may not arise. 
Digital Securities are Securities linked to the performance of the reference asset(s). They offer pre-determined 
interim amounts only if the reference asset(s) have fulfilled certain criteria on the relevant observation date. 
The interim amounts can be paid during the life of the Security or at maturity as outlined in the applicable 
Final Terms which may be by reference to positive or negative performance. If the reference asset(s) have not 
fulfilled such criteria, then the return on the Securities may be significantly reduced. 
Range Accrual Securities are Securities which may pay interim amounts linked to the performance of the 
reference asset(s) that accrues only on days during a preset period on which the performance of one or more 
of the reference asset(s) is within a certain pre-determined range or ranges, or, if "Single Rate Observation 
Date" is specified as applicable, will only accrue for a coupon period if the relevant reference asset(s) are 
within the specified range(s) of the relevant rate observation date for such period. Consequently, (i) if "Single 
Rate Observation Date" is not specified as applicable, the interim amounts payable will be lower where the 
performance of the relevant reference asset(s) was trading outside the relevant pre-determined range for each 
such reference asset during such interim amounts period (dependent on the amount of days each such reference 
asset is outside the relevant pre-determined range) and (ii) if "Single Rate Observation Date" is specified as 
applicable, interim amounts will only be payable in respect of a coupon period if the performance of the 
relevant reference asset(s) was trading inside the relevant pre-determined range for each such reference asset 
on the relevant rate observation date, and otherwise no interim amount will be paid in respect of such coupon 
period notwithstanding the fact that such reference asset(s) may have traded within the relevant pre-determined 
range(s) on other days during such coupon period). The market value of the Securities may be adversely 
affected by rising implied volatility of the reference asset(s) or movements in the performance of such 
reference asset(s) which indicate that the performance of the reference asset(s) will be outside the pre-
determined range(s) during a relevant period or on any relevant rate observation date. The market value of the 
Securities will also be affected by the absolute amount of interim amounts payable on the Securities. 
Bonus Securities are Securities linked to the performance of one or more reference asset(s). The Bonus 
Securities have two special features: a bonus and a barrier. The barrier is fixed in advance and will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as a level below the initial level of the reference asset(s). The bonus is a minimum 
redemption or cash settlement amount that is fixed before the Security is issued and is usually set above the 
original issue price. The bonus represents a repayment of capital and a minimum return. However, investors 
only benefit from the bonus feature if the reference asset(s) trades above the preset barrier throughout the life 
of the Securities. As long as the reference asset never reaches or breaches the barrier, the bonus feature applies 
and investors benefit at maturity from any positive performance of the reference asset, with a minimum 
redemption or cash settlement amount equal to the bonus. The bonus feature is deactivated if the reference 
asset touches the barrier. The return on the Securities then depends only on the price of the reference asset at 
maturity, with no minimum redemption or cash settlement amount. As a result the investor will fully participate 
in a downturn. If the price of the reference asset(s) falls during the life of the Security, the invested capital is 
not protected and the investor may lose up to 100 per cent. of the initial investment.  Where the reference 
asset(s) is equity, investors do not benefit from any dividends paid to direct investors in the reference asset(s). 
Reverse Convertible Securities are Securities linked to the performance of the reference asset(s). Reverse 
Convertible Securities provide fixed interim payments (irrespective of the performance of the reference 
asset(s)).  The redemption amount on maturity or cash settlement amount on exercise, however, depends on 
the price of the reference asset(s) on the relevant observation date(s). If the reference asset(s) on the relevant 
observation date or during the relevant observation period has traded at or above a preset level investors receive 
the principal invested. If the reference asset(s) has traded below the pre-set level during the relevant 
observation period, investors fully participate in a downturn and may lose up to 100 per cent. of the initial 
investment or they may receive delivery of the physical reference asset(s) instead of any principal. In case of 
a physical delivery any remaining fractional amount may be settled by means of cash payment if so indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Auto-callable Securities may be automatically redeemed prior to the maturity date if certain conditions are 
met, e.g. if the value(s) of the reference underlying(s) reaches a pre-determined level on the relevant

--- Page 77 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
77 
 
 
observation date(s) or during the relevant observation period(s). Upon such automatic early redemption the 
Securityholders typically receive the redemption proceeds plus an additional amount that may be linked to the 
value of the reference underlying(s). Securityholders may have to wait longer than expected for the return of 
their redemption proceeds if the reference underlying(s)' performance is less favourable than expected. 
Discount Securities are Securities linked to the performance of one or more reference asset(s). When 
purchasing Discount Securities the investor benefits from a discount compared to the market price of the 
reference asset(s). However, in turn for the discount the participation in the upside performance of the reference 
asset(s) is capped. If the reference asset(s) is trading at or above a preset cap on maturity or exercise, the 
redemption or cash settlement amount will be equal to the cap. If the reference asset(s) is trading below the 
cap on maturity or exercise, the redemption or cash settlement amount will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the reference asset(s). The higher the cap, the greater the maximum possible yield will be, but 
this will also result in less of a discount and as a result a slimmer cushion against the risk of falling prices. A 
lower cap, on the other hand, means less upside potential, but a lesser risk of losing the invested capital. 
Discount Securities are not capital protected and the investors may lose up to 100 per cent. of their investment. 
Leveraged Securities are Securities linked to the performance of one or more reference asset(s). Leveraged 
Securities offer investors enhanced participation in the upside or downside performance of the reference 
asset(s) by way of leverage. Securities with a leverage feature have a leveraged exposure to the underlying 
reference asset(s) and as such (i) any movement in the value of the reference asset(s) will cause a greater 
movement in the value of the Securities, which will result in greater gains or losses for the investor than if the 
investment had been in the reference asset(s) and had not been leveraged and (ii) any movement in the value 
of the reference asset(s) will cause a greater movement in amounts payable under the Leveraged Security than 
if a security linked to such reference asset(s) were not leveraged. There is an increased risk with Leveraged 
Securities that the investor may lose all of its initial investment. 
FX Linked Securities are securities that have an interest and/or redemption or cash settlement amount, as 
applicable, that is linked to an exchange rate or basket of exchange rates and may have other return features 
such as Knock-In or Knock-Out features. Foreign exchange rates can be extremely volatile and their 
performance may impact in an adverse way the performance of the Securities. 
Floating Rate Securities pay interim amounts linked to a variable rate such as EURIBOR, LIBOR, SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR. Floored Floating Rate N&C Securities pay the same interest but subject to a minimum 
interest rate (irrespective of whether the variable rate falls below the minimum interest rate). The absolute 
level of variable rates and the shape of the variable rate yield curve may affect both the current level of the 
interest and the market value of the Securities. 
CMS or Constant Maturity Swap linked Securities pay interim amounts linked to a variable rate, the tenor 
of which remains constant, by resetting it at regular intervals. The absolute level of variable rates and the shape 
of the variable rate yield curve (a flatter curve is likely to lead to a reduction in the market value of such 
Securities) may affect both the current interim amounts payable and the market value of the Securities. 
Steepener Securities may pay interim amounts linked to the difference between two points or reference rates 
on a variable rate yield curve, typically on a leveraged basis. As the variable rate yield curve steepens the 
spread between the two reference rates increases and so does the interest. Conversely a flattening of the curve 
will reduce the interim amounts payable (as the spread between the reference rates decreases) potentially to 
zero where the curve flattens or completely inverts. 
The market value of Steepener Securities are sensitive to movements in the shape of the variable rate yield 
curve (as measured by the difference between the two reference swap rates) to and beyond the specified 
maturity of the Securities and the absolute amount of interim amounts payable on the Securities. The 
performance of such variable rate yield curve cannot be predicted and may impact significantly and potentially 
adversely the return on the Securities. 
Callable Securities may be redeemed prior to their maturity date at the option of the Issuer. If the Securities 
are redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date, it is likely that Securityholders may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds from the Securities at an equivalent rate to that earned to date, or anticipated to be 
earned, on the Securities. Conversely, the Securities may not be redeemed by the Issuer in the cases where 
market conditions have led to a decline in the value of the Securities.

--- Page 78 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
78 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities may pay interim amounts which is inversely proportional to the level of the 
variable rate (e.g. by providing that the interim amount is equal to a fixed rate less a variable rate) and may be 
zero in circumstances where the variable rate is high. The market value of an Inverse Floating Rate Security 
may be adversely affected by factor such as, but not limited to, steepening of the variable rate yield curve, 
rising levels of the relevant variable rate and the volatility of the relevant variable rate. 
Target Redemption Securities  typically redeem automatically prior to their scheduled maturity date if a 
specified target amount of interest has been paid to Securityholders. This feature tends to shorten the term of 
the Securities if the performance of the reference underlying(s) is more favourable, or lengthen the term of the 
Securities if performance of the reference underlying(s) is less favourable. Securityholders are therefore at risk 
that, if the performance of the reference underlying(s) is less favourable than expected, they may have to wait 
longer than expected for the return of their redemption proceeds. 
Switchable Securities give the Issuer the option to change the interim payment structure at certain specified 
exercise dates. Since the Issuer will tend to exercise the switch option when the rate of the new interim payment 
structure is lower than the old structure, this may lead to a Securityholder receiving a lower interim payment 
after the exercise of the switch. 
Multi-tranche Securities give the Issuer the option to issue a pre-agreed number of additional tranches, 
increasing the total nominal amount borrowed on the tranche exercise date(s) by predetermined amount(s) at 
pre-determined terms and issue prices. If the Issuer exercises any such option the Securityholders will be 
obligated to subscribe to this new nominal amount issuance in full, requiring liquidity to cover the proceeds 
outflow. Each Securityholder is exposed to the risk that the option to issue an additional tranche will be 
exercised in cases where market conditions have led to a fall in the value of the newly issued tranche below 
the pre-agreed issue price. 
Algorithm Linked Securities pay interim amounts that is calculated by reference to the performance of an 
algorithm. The redemption or cash settlement amount may also be linked to the performance of the algorithm. 
The performance of such algorithms may be published or tracked as an index. However, a particular algorithm 
may not achieve its stated investment objective. Each algorithm has been constructed on the basis of certain 
historically observed trends, correlations or assumptions which may not be realised during the term of any 
transaction referencing such algorithm. In these circumstances, its performance and the performance and 
market value of the Securities may be significantly adversely affected. The absolute level of the interim 
amounts and the market value of Algorithm Linked Securities will also depend on the performance or level of 
the various variables that feed into the algorithm. 
Short Price Payout Securities may be linked to the performance of an equity, an index or a basket of equities 
or indices. The return on Short Price Payout Securities will typically be linked inversely to the performance of 
the reference asset.  Accordingly if the value of the reference asset increases, the return on the Short Price 
Payout Securities is likely to decrease.  If the value of the reference asset decreases, the return of the Short 
Price Payout Securities is likely to increase. 
Market Access Securities are intended to enable investors to participate in the performance of one or more 
reference asset(s), typically shares, and the dividends paid thereon. The final redemption or cash settlement 
amount of the Securities will be calculated as an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
either (A) the value of the reference asset at maturity or exercise, as applicable, or (B) the volume 
weighted average price at which a hypothetical investor could have sold the relevant amount of the 
reference asset(s) during a specified period ending on such day which the Calculation Agent 
determines is the day on which such hypothetical investor could have completed such sale (which 
volume weighted average price is likely to be different to the volume weighted average price of all 
transactions in the relevant share on the relevant exchange during such period) (such value or volume 
weighted average price, as applicable, the Final Reference Asset Price); and 
(ii) 
a fixed percentage of the aggregate amount of all gross cash dividends which would have been received 
by a holder of record of one or more of the reference asset(s) during a specified period, which is 
typically over the term of the Securities, and, where the Final Reference Asset Price is calculated on 
the basis of the volume weighted average price, less any costs and expenses (including, but not limited 
to, any capital gains tax or withholding tax) which would be required to be paid, withheld or deducted

--- Page 79 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
79 
 
 
by or on behalf of the hypothetical investor if it held or sold the relevant reference asset(s) (the 
Settlement Net Yield). 
Alternatively, the final redemption or cash settlement amount of the Securities might be linked to the 
performance of the reference asset(s) over the term of the Securities and dividends received during the relevant 
specified dividend period may instead be paid out in form of a coupon or additional amount under the Securities 
after receipt thereof (less taxes and other costs). Accordingly, the return on the Securities will be significantly 
affected by the performance of the reference asset(s) and these may perform in a way that will adversely affect 
the return on the Securities.   
An additional amount may be added to the Final Reference Asset Price and the Settlement Net Yield if the 
Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Outperformance Market Access Securities. 
Such additional amount (the Outperformance) may be calculated as a fixed percentage of either (i) the Issue 
Price per Security or (ii) the arithmetic average of the price of the reference asset(s) during a specified period, 
typically form the initial valuation date to the final valuation date of the Securities. An amount may be deducted 
from the Final Reference Asset Price and the Settlement Net Yield if the applicable Final Terms provide for 
the deduction of any fees. The deduction of any such amounts will reduce the investment return on the 
Securities. 
If the Securities are linked to a basket of reference assets the final redemption or cash settlement amount of 
the Securities may be determined by reference to the weighted performance of all the reference assets in the 
basket, calculated by (i) multiplying (a) the sum of the Final Reference Asset Price and the Settlement Net 
Yield, less any relevant fees (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for each reference asset in the basket 
by (b) the number of shares of each such reference asset, (ii) aggregating these amounts for all of the reference 
assets in the basket, (iii) dividing such aggregated amount by the aggregate number of reference assets in the 
basket and (iv) if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Outperformance Market 
Access Securities, adding the Outperformance to such resulting amount. Accordingly, the Securities will be 
significantly affected by the performance of the reference assets in the basket, and poor performance will 
adversely affect the return on the Securities. 
Composite is a currency feature for Securities where the underlying asset is not denominated (or most closely 
associated with) in the settlement currency of such Security. Where the Composite feature is applicable, 
observations of the relevant underlying asset (including, but not limited to, the strike price and the final price) 
is determined in the settlement currency of the Security by converting the level of the underlying asset into the 
settlement currency of the Security at the relevant foreign exchange spot rate as of the relevant valuation day. 
The Composite feature means that the amounts to be paid under the Security depend, in addition to the 
performance of the underlying asset and any other factors used to determine the amount to be paid, as the case 
may be, on the foreign exchange rate fluctuations between the settlement currency of the Security and the 
currency in which the underlying asset is denominated (or with which the underlying asset is most closely 
associated). This means that any amount to be paid in respect of the Security may be materially different from 
a Security without such Composite feature, and may be zero in cases where a Security without the Composite 
feature would have paid a positive amount. 
As an example; a Security whose amount to be paid is equal to the performance of the underlying asset floored 
at zero, would have an amount paid that is less than the amount paid by an equivalent Security without such 
Composite feature, should the currency of the underlying asset depreciate relative to the settlement currency 
of the Security during the relevant observation period. For instance, in such an example, should the currency 
of the underlying asset depreciate relative to the settlement currency of the Security such that the performance 
of the underlying asset as measured in the settlement currency of the Security is less than or equal to zero, then 
the amount to be paid under the Security with the composite feature would be zero. Conversely, in such an 
example, appreciation of the currency in which the underlying is denominated versus the settlement currency 
of the Security, could mean that the amount to be paid is higher for a Security with such Composite feature 
than for a Security without such feature. This is an example only and may or may not correspond to the terms 
of any Securities issued under the Programme. Investors should carefully consider the details of the Conditions 
and applicable Final Terms is respect of any Series of Securities in addition the risk factors set out in this "Risk 
Factors" section and all the information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. If such currencies do not 
perform in this way then the return on the Securities will be less than would otherwise have been the case.

--- Page 80 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
80 
 
 
In addition, Securities may include one or more of the following features relating to upside or downside payoff 
profile: 
 
Knock-In 
A Knock-In event occurs when the price or level of the reference asset(s) reaches or breaches a pre-
defined barrier on a relevant observation date(s) or during a relevant observation period(s), which 
triggers a certain payout on maturity or exercise (as applicable) and/or interim payment(s). Any such 
knock-in event may not occur and if it does not, then the relevant pay-out will not be made. 
 
Knock-Out 
A Knock-Out event occurs when the price or level of the reference asset(s) reaches or breaches a pre-
defined barrier, which triggers the deactivation of a certain payout on maturity or exercise (as 
applicable) and/or interim payment(s). If such a knock-out then occurs, then investors will not receive 
such relevant pay-out. 
 
Best profile 
The payments of Securities that are linked to more than one reference asset can be determined in 
relation to the set of weights that gives the greatest performance. However, investors should review 
carefully the terms of the Securities to determine whether any such feature is available and, if it is not, 
then the return on the Securities may be less than would have otherwise been the case. 
 
Worst profile 
The payments of Securities that are linked to more than one reference asset can be determined in 
relation to the set of weights that gives the lowest performance. Investors should note that the return 
on the Securities will be less than would have been the case if reference assets other than those with 
the lowest performance had been used to determine the pay-out. 
 
Contingent interim payments 
Interest amounts (in the case of N&C Securities) or Additional Amounts (in the case of W&C 
Securities) may depend on the satisfaction of one or more conditions or contingencies, including the 
performance of a Reference Item. If such condition(s) or contingency(ies) are not satisfied the relevant 
payment may be zero, all as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Contingent final payments or deliveries 
The Final Redemption Amount or Entitlement (in the case of N&C Securities) or Cash Settlement 
Amount or Entitlement (in the case of W&C Securities) may depend on the satisfaction of one or more 
conditions or contingencies, including the performance of a Reference Item. If such condition(s) or 
contingency(ies) are not satisfied the relevant payment or delivery may be zero, all as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In instances where the reference asset(s) is a basket of constituents, the basket performance can be calculated 
as the weighted average or with pre-set weights depending on the relative performance of the constituents 
("Best Profile" and "Worst Profile" are examples of this). 
Set out in the "Investment Considerations" section is a non-exhaustive, indicative list of certain types of 
products, product features and cash-flows that may be provided under this Programme. Investors should refer 
to such list for important information on specific product types which may be issued under the Programme. 
Any such products may be Principal Protected Securities (in the case of N&C Securities only) or non-Principal 
Protected Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Investors should be aware that investing in 
such products carries a high degree of risk, including in particular the risk of losing a substantial amount of, 
all of or more than the amount of the initial investment. 
Risks relating to Securities in Renminbi 
Securities may be issued under the Programme denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Securities).  An 
investment in Renminbi Securities involves particular risks, including:

--- Page 81 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
81 
 
 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible: there are still significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi 
into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Securities 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the PRC Government) 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies  despite significant reduction over 
the years by the PRC Government of control over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and 
services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions.  These transactions are known as 
current account items.  Currently, participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other jurisdictions (the 
Applicable Jurisdictions) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi current account trade 
transactions. 
However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals 
from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and 
is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC 
for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created 
by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-
border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China (PBoC) in 2018, 
the PRC Government may not liberalise control over crossborder remittance of Renminbi in the future and 
new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the 
PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the 
Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Securities. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Securities and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Securities 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The PBoC has established a Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanism for participating banks in the 
Applicable Jurisdictions through settlement agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with certain 
banks (each a CNY Clearing Bank) to act as the CNY clearing bank in the Applicable Jurisdiction.  However, 
the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises.  Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC.  The 
relevant CNY Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions.  The relevant CNY Clearing 
Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services.  In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from 
outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement agreements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC.  The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of investment in the 
Renminbi Securities.  To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the Renminbi Securities, it may not be able to do so on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
If the Issuer is unable to source such Renminbi, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under 
the terms of the Renminbi Securities may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in U.S. dollars if 
"CNY Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. The value of these Renminbi 
payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place.

--- Page 82 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
82 
 
 
An investment in Renminbi Securities is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily midpoint against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, 
among others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of Renminbi against other 
currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to Renminbi Securities in 
Renminbi unless otherwise specified.  As a result, the value of the Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other 
foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of 
Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, the value of an investor's 
investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline.   
An investment in Renminbi Securities is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign 
exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.  The Renminbi 
Securities may carry a fixed interest rate. Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Securities will 
vary with fluctuations in interest rates. If a holder of Renminbi Securities tries to sell any Securities before 
their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested.  
Where CNY Currency Event is specified as applicable to the Renminbi Securities, if the Renminbi is not 
available in certain circumstances as described in the Renminbi Securities, the Issuer may make payments 
under the Renminbi Securities in U.S. dollars 
There can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments under the Renminbi 
Securities by the Issuer or generally will remain or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated which 
have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC. 
Although the Issuer's primary obligation is to make all payments with respect to Renminbi Securities in 
Renminbi, where Renminbi Currency Event is applicable to the relevant Renminbi Securities, in the event 
access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of CNY Inconvertibility, CNY Non-
Transferability or CNY Illiquidity (each as defined in the applicable Conditions of the Securities), the Issuer 
is unable to make any payment in respect of the Renminbi Securities in Renminbi, the terms of the Renminbi 
Securities permit the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as 
provided in the applicable Conditions.  The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary 
with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Securities will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payment in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong or such other CNY Settlement Centre(s) as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Except in the limited circumstance stipulated in N&C Securities 
Condition 7.5 and W&C Securities Condition 4.9, all Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the 
Renminbi Securities will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Securities are represented by Global 
Securities held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or with the sub-custodian for the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service operated by 
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the CMU) or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or any such other CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with 
prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or those of the CMU or such 
alternative clearing system, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Securities are in definitive form, by transfer to 
a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or such other CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as described in the conditions of the Renminbi Securities, 
the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank 
notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 83 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
83 
 
 
10. Risks relating to regulation of the Securities and the financial markets 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market and regulatory risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, inconvertibility risk of a relevant currency, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
Current and Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market 
Investors should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which 
continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Securities. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses 
on the Securities in secondary market sales even if there is no decline in the performance of the applicable 
Reference Items or the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Nomura Group. Additionally, many factors 
independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) affect the trading market of 
the Secutites; please refer to the "Investment Considerations" section for an overview of such factors. 
Additionally, the Issuer cannot predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market in future 
or whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. Please see the "Investment Considerations" section for factors 
which may affect the trading market of the Securities.  
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading Securities on a stock exchange or market. If the 
Securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market, pricing information for the 
Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected.   As a 
result, investors may not be able value or sell such Securities.  If the Issuer does list or admit to trading an 
issue of Securities, the risk remains that the Securities may be delisted and/or that trading on such stock 
exchange or market may be suspended.  Also, (in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style 
Warrants) to the extent Warrants of a particular issue are exercised, the number of Warrants of such issue 
outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Warrants of such issue. A 
decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with 
the price of such issue of Warrants. 
In addition, certain Securities may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and, therefore, 
may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility. Securityholders may not be 
able to sell such Securities readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield. No 
investor should purchase Securities unless such investor understands and is able to bear the risk that such 
Securities may not be readily saleable, that the value of such Securities will fluctuate over time, that such 
fluctuations may be significant and that such investor may lose all or a substantial portion of the purchase price 
of the Securities. 
The Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Affiliates may, but are not obliged to, be a market-maker 
for an issue of Securities. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Securities, 
the secondary market for such Securities may be limited. To the extent that an issue of Securities becomes 
illiquid, an investor may have to exercise such Securities (in the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants) or wait until the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants or Certificates) or the 
Maturity Date (in the case of N&C Securities) of such Securities to realise value. These activities may affect 
the price of such obligations or securities in a manner that would be adverse to a Securityholder's investment 
in the Securities. The Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective Affiliates have not considered, and are not 
required to consider, the interest of investors as Securityholders in connection with entering into any of the 
above mentioned transactions. 
There may be less liquidity in the market for Securities if the Securities are exclusively offered to retail 
investors without any offer to institutional investors. 
The "Investment Considerations" section provides an overview of certain sovereign and bank solvency 
concerns.  Investors should note that if such concerns over sovereign and bank solvency continue, there is a 
danger that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available to most banks only at elevated 
interest rates. If this were to happen, investors may suffer market value and/or credit losses in respect of the 
Securities.

--- Page 84 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
84 
 
 
Regulatory risk - proposed Financial Transactions Tax may affect payments on the Securities 
As described more fully in the "Investment Considerations" section, the European Commission has issued 
proposals, including a draft directive (the Commission's proposal) for a financial transaction tax (FTT).The 
FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted based on 
the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract in the 
context of the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged assets) or 
the exercise/settlement of a warrant. The Issuer is, in some circumstances, able to pass on any such tax 
liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected in 
respect of the Securities.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant 
transactions by investors in respect of the Securities (including secondary market transactions) if the conditions 
for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's proposal.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  There is 
however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market 
instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate.  Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
Regulatory risk - Rule 144A Securities Transfer Restrictions 
Issue and transfers of Securities to purchasers that intend to hold their Securities through a Rule 144A Global 
Security may be made only to or through a U.S. broker-dealer to purchasers (i) that have executed and delivered 
to the Issuer an Investor Representation Letter pursuant to which such purchaser must certify, among other 
things, that such purchaser is a QIB who is also a QP.  A transfer or attempted transfer of any Rule 144A 
Global Security which does not comply with the applicable transfer restrictions shall be absolutely null and 
void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee 
Regulatory risk – US federal financial reform 
Implementation of recently-enacted US federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of the 
Reference Items, which may ultimately affect the value, trading price and viability of the Securities.  For 
example, certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act yet to be implemented would, upon implementation, 
impose limits on the maximum position that could be held by a single trader in certain of the Reference Items 
and may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers to some types of 
hedging activity by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could require 
certain Reference Items or hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to 
regulators, central data repositories and, in some cases, the public. The Dodd-Frank Act has expanded entity 
registration requirements and imposed business conduct requirements on certain persons active in the swaps 
market (including new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the value of the Reference Items 
or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such regulation may affect the value, trading price and viability 
of the Securities. The ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and future rulemaking thereunder could 
potentially limit or completely restrict the ability of the Issuer to hedge its exposure on the Securities, increase 
the costs of hedging or make hedging strategies less effective. 
Regulatory risk – dividend equivalent withholding may affect payments on the Securities 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 causes a 30 per cent. withholding tax on amounts 
attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments if 
certain conditions are met (such instruments, Specified Securities).  If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay 
any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  Prospective investors should refer to the section 
"Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding". 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as 
FATCA, Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Securities. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section "Taxation - Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act".

--- Page 85 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
85 
 
 
Regulatory risk - regulatory initiatives may restrict certain investments and have an adverse impact on the 
regulatory treatment of the Securities 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the derivatives and 
structured securities industries. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are 
 
Securities, have an 
restrict investment in certain 
currently at various stages of implementation and which may 
n investors 
or on the incentives for certai
adverse impact on the regulatory position for certain investors and/
t. 
and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such Securities in the secondary marke
 
to hold Securities
er, 
of the Issu
 
are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none
 
Investors in the Securities
s
the Guarantor  or the Dealers makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the 
Securities regarding the regulatory treatment of their investment at the time of such investment or at any time 
in the future. Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and requirements 
applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment 
in the Securities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
In the case of Cash Settled Securities the Issuer will pay the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of W&C 
Securities) or Final Redemption Amount (in the case of N&C Securities) in respect of the Securities in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.  This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor's Currency) other than the Settlement Currency or Specified Currency, as applicable (the Settled 
Currency).  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Settled Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settled Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Securities, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the Cash Settlement Amount 
or Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) in respect of the Securities and (iii) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of 
Cash Settled Securities) or the Final Redemption Amount (in the case of N&C Securities) that investors may 
receive may be less than expected or zero. 
Change in law 
The terms of the Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  Judicial 
decisions or changes to English law or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus may 
impact the interpretation of the terms of the Conditions in unpredictable ways which it is possible may be 
adverse to the interest of Securityholders and may lead to the reduction in the value of the Securities. 
Inconvertibility risk of a Relevant Currency  
The Securities of the Series may be affected by the inconvertibility of one or more currencies (each a Relevant 
Currency), which is relevant to the Securities. Examples of a Relevant Currency include, but are not limited 
to, a currency specified for payments under the Securities, the currency of denomination or trading of the 
Securities, a currency most closely associated with  any deliverable assets  or underlying reference assets or a 
currency relevant to any hedging arrangements for the Securities. If an event referred to as an Inconvertibility 
Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that 
Inconvertibility Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms then the Issuer may instruct the 
Calculation Agent to make certain adjustments or determinations in relation to the Securities. Such 
determinations or adjustments are wide-ranging. An Inconvertibility Event addresses the following risks in 
relation to a Relevant Currency: 
(i) 
the risks in converting the Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency through customary legal 
channels (including at a rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions). Such 
conversion may not be possible, legal or practical at the relevant time;

--- Page 86 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
86 
 
 
(ii) 
the risks in converting, transferring or remitting the Relevant Currency from accounts within a relevant 
payment jurisdiction to another country. Such conversion, transfer or remittance may not be possible, 
legal or practical at the relevant time; 
(iii) 
the risks in making payments in any Relevant Currency (including, without limitation, as a result of 
any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on 
repatriation or exchange of one Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency);  
(iv) 
the risk of any unavailability of a Relevant Currency in the interbank foreign exchange market located 
in a relevant payment jurisdiction through customary legal channels;  
(v) 
the risk of prohibition and prevention of any remittance abroad of funds invested in a relevant payment 
jurisdiction; and/or 
(vi) 
the risks relating to hedging arrangements.  
Upon the occurrence of such an Inconvertibility Event (as defined above) the Issuer may at its discretion 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make certain adjustments or determinations. Such adjustments or 
determinations may have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities or the payments to be made under 
the Securities. As a result the Issuer may be entitled to make payments in a currency other than specified in 
the Final Terms or make deductions of an amount from payment or delivery amounts otherwise due to 
Securityholders under the relevant Securities. Adjustments may also be made to account for any increased 
amounts, costs and expenses associated with such Inconvertibility Event or incurred by the Issuer resulting 
from the Inconvertibility Event in relation to the Securities (including any related hedging arrangements). In 
respect of the Securities the determinations by the Calculation Agent may also include providing for non-
payment or non-delivery of any relevant payment or amount otherwise due under the Securities or delay of 
such payment or delivery and any determination by the Calculation Agent of any relevant currency exchange 
rate. As a result any such determination of a currency exchange rate may take place at a rate and time that is 
unfavourable to the Securityholders.  
As a result of the occurrence of an Inconvertibility Event the Issuer may also be entitled to early redeem or 
cancel the Securities before the scheduled maturity or settlement. It is possible that the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel the Securities at a time or an amount which causes a Securityholder to suffer a loss. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate N&C Securities involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate N&C Securities. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Securities may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the 
Securities.  The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, criteria, models and 
requirements from one another.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities.  A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time.  Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector 
regulation itself is undergoing significant change.  In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, 
expands regulatory oversight of the Guarantor (and its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies.  It is not clear 
how this expanded regulatory oversight will impact the ratings on the Securities or the ratings of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors. 
Ratings of the Securities 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances whilst the registration application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings

--- Page 87 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
87 
 
 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances . In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Emerging Markets Risks 
Securities may be linked to Reference Item(s) associated with, or denominated in the currencies of, emerging 
markets jurisdictions. Emerging markets jurisdictions may be characterised as politically unstable and/or 
lacking a stable and fully developed economy and financial system and/or lacking in established rule of law. 
Emerging markets investments generally have greater risks than those from developed jurisdictions including 
political risk, economic risk, currency risk, market risk, regulatory/legal risk and shareholder risk as further 
described below: 
 
Political risk: The relative instability of political systems of emerging markets jurisdictions may leave 
them more vulnerable to public unrest and instability. Such circumstances, in turn, could lead to a 
reversal of some or all economic or political reform including such policies as confiscatory taxation, 
exchange controls or expropriation of foreign-owned assets without adequate compensation. Any such 
policies could have an adverse effect on the value of the Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the relevant 
Securities. 
 
Economic risk: Businesses and governments of emerging markets jurisdictions may be relatively 
inexperienced in dealing with difficult market conditions (such as the on-going global recession) and 
may have a limited capital base from which to borrow funds. In addition, an emerging markets 
jurisdiction may lack a developed banking sector and its financial institutions may not be adequately 
regulated. These factors, among other economic issues, could affect the functioning of the economy 
and have a corresponding adverse effect on the performance of the Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the 
relevant Securities. 
 
Currency risk: Reference Item(s) or Securities denominated in the currencies of emerging markets 
jurisdictions may be subject to greater volatility and possibly the suspension of the ability to exchange 
or transfer currency, or the devaluation of the currency. See "Currency Risk" above. 
 
Market risk: The financial systems and markets of emerging markets jurisdictions may lack the level 
of transparency and liquidity found in more developed markets. As a result, such markets may suffer 
from extreme price volatility, price discrepancies and lack of liquidity. Any such circumstances or 
events may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the 
relevant Securities.

--- Page 88 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
88 
 
 
 
Regulatory/Legal risk: In emerging markets jurisdictions there may be less government regulation of 
business and industry practices, stock exchanges, over-the-counter markets and market participants 
than in more developed countries. Legislation to safeguard the rights of private ownership and to 
prevent stock market manipulation may not be fully developed and regulations governing investments 
in securities may not exist or may be subject to inconsistent or arbitrary application or interpretation 
and may be subject to change with retroactive effect. The holder of a Reference Item of an emerging 
markets jurisdiction may not be able to pursue legal remedies in the courts of such jurisdictions. Any 
such circumstances or events may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Reference Item(s) 
and, in turn, the relevant Securities. 
 
Shareholder risk: Rules in emerging markets jurisdictions regulating the ownership and corporate 
governance of companies may not exist or may provide little protection to shareholders. Disclosure 
and reporting requirements in general may be minimal or non-existent. There may be no prohibitions 
or restrictions under local law on the ability of management to terminate existing business operations, 
sell or dispose of assets, or otherwise materially affect the value of the company without the consent 
of its shareholders. Anti-dilution protection may also be very limited. There may be little or no 
fiduciary duty on the part of management or the directors to the company or to the shareholders as a 
whole or minority shareholders. Remedies for violations of shareholders' rights may be difficult to 
obtain. Any such circumstances or events may have an adverse effect on the performance of the 
Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the relevant Securities. 
Relation of the Reference Item(s) to lightly regulated, narrow or exotic markets 
An investment in Securities whose Reference Item(s) is/are traded on lightly regulated, narrow and exotic 
markets or otherwise influenced by the developments in such markets might expose the Securityholder to a 
higher risk of loss than one in Securities whose Reference Item(s) is/are traded on a heavily regulated market. 
The reasons for this can include a higher market volatility (inter alia in the equity market and in currency 
markets), a lower trading volume, political and economic instability, a greater risk of market closure, and 
greater government restrictions on these markets. There is also the risk of introduction of restrictions on foreign 
investors, expropriation of assets, punitive taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of assets, introduction of 
currency controls, or other unfavourable political and/or social measures. Under certain circumstances, such 
impairments can last over several weeks or months. Such a development could represent a market distortion 
that could prevent prices from being set for the Securities affected during the period in question. If such 
disruptions occur on a valuation date relevant for determination of a payment or delivery amount in respect of 
the Securities, this can cause a postponement of the calculation and payment or delivery, as applicable. In 
addition, such a disruption could result in a reduction of amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities.

--- Page 89 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
89 
 
 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
Table of Contents for Investment Considerations 
Investment Considerations relating to the Securities 
Page 89 
Considerations relating to the features and terms and conditions of the Securities 
Page 89 
Considerations relating to particular Reference Items 
Page 90 
Considerations relating to the market 
Page 89 
Considerations relating to laws and regulation 
Page 97 
Investment Considerations relating to the Securities 
Considerations relating to the features and terms and conditions of the Securities 
Distributor(s)/Introducing Broker Fees 
Investors should note that, in certain circumstances immediately following the issue of the Securities, the 
secondary market price of the Securities may be less than the Issue Price and/or the Offer Price for a number 
of reasons which may include the fact that the Issue Price and/or the Offer Price included fees or commissions, 
including fees to be paid to distributor(s) and/or introducing brokers. 
Physical Delivery Requirements  
Physical Delivery will apply to Exempt Securities only. 
Unless some other procedure is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in 
respect of a Physical Delivery N&C Security, the holder of such N&C Security must (1) duly deliver a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice (or other similar notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
on or prior to the relevant time on the Cut-Off Date and (2) pay the relevant Expenses. 
Unless some other procedure is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in 
respect of a Physical Delivery W&C Security, the holder of such W&C Security must (1) deliver or send to 
the relevant Agent a duly completed Collection Notice (or other similar notice as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on or prior to the relevant time on the Expiration Date and (2) pay the relevant Exercise 
Expenses. 
Prospective Investors must review documentation  
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST REVIEW THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS TO 
ASCERTAIN WHAT THE RELEVANT REFERENCE ITEM(S) ARE AND THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS AND THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS TO SEE HOW THE CASH SETTLEMENT 
AMOUNT, FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT, THE ENTITLEMENT OR THE EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT, AS THE CASE MAY BE, AND ANY PERIODIC COUPON PAYMENTS 
(IN THE CASE OF N&C SECURITIES) OR PAYMENTS OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS (IN THE 
CASE OF W&C SECURITIES) ARE DETERMINED AND WHEN SUCH AMOUNTS ARE 
PAYABLE AND/OR DELIVERABLE, AS THE CASE MAY BE, BEFORE MAKING ANY 
DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES.  
Considerations relating to the market 
Liqudity and trading of the Securities  
Many factors independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) affect the 
trading market of the Securities. These factors include: 
(i) 
the complexity and volatility of the Reference Item or formula or other basis of reference applicable 
to the Securities; 
(ii) 
the method of calculating amounts payable and/or deliverable, or other consideration, if any, in respect 
of the Securities;

--- Page 90 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
90 
 
 
(iii) 
the time remaining to the expiration or exercise (as applicable in the case of W&C Securities) or 
redemption (in the case of N&C Securities) of the Securities; 
(iv) 
the number of Securities outstanding; 
(v) 
the settlement features of the Securities; 
(vi) 
the amount of other securities linked to the Reference Item or formula or other basis of reference 
applicable to the Securities; and 
(vii) 
the level, direction and volatility of market interest rate generally. 
Certain countries in Europe currently have large sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits and this has led to 
uncertainties in the markets as to whether or not the governments of those countries will be able pay in full 
and on time the amounts due in respect of those debts. These concerns have led to significant spikes in 
secondary market yields for sovereign debt of the affected countries (especially Greece, Spain, Portugal, 
Ireland and, to a lesser extent, Italy) and also to significant exchange rate volatility, especially with respect to 
the Euro. Further, the continued concern about the fiscal positions of the governments of the affected countries 
has also raised concerns regarding the exposures of banks to such countries, especially banks domiciled within 
Europe. These concerns may lead to such banks being unable to obtain funding in the interbank market, which 
may cause such banks to suffer liquidity stress and potentially insolvency. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there has not been a recurrence of the inter-bank funding dislocations experienced in 2008. 
Considerations relating to particular Reference Items 
Index Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Index Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount 
or interest or other interim amounts payable is dependent upon the level of or changes in the level of an index 
or a basket of indices.  The index or indices may comprise of reference equities, bonds, other securities, 
property, currency exchange rate or other assets or bases of reference, and may be a well known and widely 
published index or indices or an index or indices established by the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer or another 
entity which may not be widely published or available.   
Index Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of a specified asset or assets and/or by payment of an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the index/indices and/or by whether that value is equal to, above or 
below one or more specified levels. Interest payable on Index Linked Interest N&C Securities or Additional 
Amounts payable on Index Linked W&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more 
indices and/or by whether that value is equal to, above or below one or more specified levels. 
Index Linked W&C Securities may be settled by the physical delivery of a specified asset or assets and/or 
payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the index/indices and/or by whether that value 
is equal to, above or below one or more specified levels. 
Equity Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Equity Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount, 
or interest or other interim amounts payable are dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares 
or a basket of shares or the price of a GDR/ADR or a basket of GDRs/ADRs or where, depending on the price 
or change in the price of the shares or basket of shares or the price a GDR/ADR or a basket of GDRs/ADRs, 
the Issuer has an obligation to deliver specified assets. Accordingly, an investment in Equity Linked Securities 
may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Equity Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of a given number of share(s) and/or by payment of an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the share(s) and/or by whether that value is equal to, above or below 
one or more specified levels.  Interest payable on Equity Linked N&C Securities or Additional Amounts 
payable on Equity Linked W&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value of the share(s) and/or 
by whether that value is equal to, above or below one or more specified levels. Equity Linked W&C Securities 
may be settled by the physical delivery of a given number of share(s) and/or by payment of an amount

--- Page 91 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
91 
 
 
determined by reference to the value of the share(s) and/or by whether that value is equal to, above or below 
one or more specified levels. 
GDR/ADR Linked Securities 
In the case of GDR/ADR Linked Securities, the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or 
interest payable will be dependent upon the value of GDRs or ADRs, and, depending on the price of or change 
in the price of the GDRs or ADRs, the Issuer may have an obligation to deliver specified assets. Accordingly, 
an investment in GDR/ADR Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct GDR/ADR investment 
and investors should take advice accordingly.   
GDR/ADR Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of a given number of GDRs and/or ADRs and/or by payment of an 
amount determined by reference to the value of the GDRs and/or ADRs. The coupon payable on GDR/ADR 
Interest N&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value of the GDRs and/or ADRs. 
GDR/ADR Linked W&C Securities may be settled by the physical delivery of a given number of GDRs and/or 
ADRs and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the GDRs and/or ADRs. 
FX Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue FX Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount or 
interest or other interim amounts payable are dependent upon movements in currency or foreign exchange 
rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Securities 
are denominated. Accordingly, an investment in FX Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct 
foreign exchange investment and investors should take advice accordingly.   
FX Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value amount 
and/or by the physical delivery of specified amount of one or more currencies and/or by payment of an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies. The coupon payable on FX Linked Interest 
N&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more currencies. 
FX Linked W&C Securities may be settled by the physical delivery of a specified amount of one or more 
currencies and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies 
and/or whether that value is equal to, above or below one or more specified levels. 
Commodity Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Commodity Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest or other interim amounts payable are dependent upon the price or changes in the price of 
commodities, basket of commodities, a commodity index or basket of commodity indices or where, depending 
on the price or change in the price of the commodities, basket of commodities, commodity index or basket of 
commodity indices, the Issuer has an obligation to deliver specified assets. Accordingly, an investment in 
Commodity Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct commodity investment and investors 
should take advice accordingly.   
Commodity Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of specified amount of one or more commodities and/or by payment 
of an amount determined by reference to the value of the commodity, commodity index, commodities and/or 
commodity indices. The coupon payable on Commodity Linked Interest N&C Securities may be calculated by 
reference to the value of one or more commodity, commodity index, commodities and/or commodity indices. 
Commodity Linked W&C Securities may be settled by the physical delivery of a specified amount of one or 
more commodities and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the commodity, 
commodity index, commodities and/or commodity indices. 
Crude oil, heating oil, natural gas and unleaded gasoline are energy-related commodities. The value of 
Commodity-Linked Securities linked specifically to energy-related commodities may be affected by, among 
other factors: 
 
changes in the level of industrial and commercial activity with high levels of energy demand;

--- Page 92 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
92 
 
 
 
disruptions in the supply chain or in the production or supply of other energy sources; 
 
price changes in alternative sources of energy; 
 
adjustments to inventory; 
 
variations in production and shipping costs; 
 
costs associated with regulatory compliance, including environmental regulations; and 
 
changes in industrial, government and consumer demand, both in individual consuming nations and 
internationally. 
Cocoa, coffee, corn, cotton, soybeans, soybean oil, sugar and wheat are agricultural commodities. Cocoa, 
coffee, cotton and sugar are soft commodities; corn, soybeans and wheat are grains. The value of Commodity-
Linked Securities linked specifically to agricultural commodities may be affected by, among other factors: 
 
weather conditions, including floods, drought and freezing conditions; 
 
changes in government policies; 
 
changes in global demand for food or clothing; 
 
planting decisions; 
 
changes in bio-diesel or ethanol demand; and 
 
changes in demand for agricultural products, softs or grains, and in particular cocoa, coffee, corn, 
cotton, soybeans, soybean oil, sugar or wheat, both with end users and as inputs into various industries. 
Lean hogs and live cattle are a type of livestock. The value of Commodity-Linked Securities linked specifically 
to livestock may be affected by, among other factors: 
 
weather conditions, including floods, drought and freezing conditions; 
 
disease and famine; 
 
changes in government policies; and 
 
changes in end-user demand for livestock. 
Aluminium, copper, lead, nickel, tin and zinc are base metals. The value of Commodity-Linked Securities 
linked specifically to base metals may be affected by, among other factors: 
 
changes in the level of industrial activity using industrial metals, and in particular aluminium, copper, 
lead, nickel, tin or zinc, including the availability of substitutes such as man-made or synthetic 
substitutes; 
 
disruptions in the supply chain, from mining to storage to smelting or refining; adjustments to 
inventory; 
 
variations in production costs, including storage, labour and energy costs; costs associated with 
regulatory compliance, including environmental regulations; and 
 
changes in industrial, government and consumer demand, both in individual consuming nations and 
internationally. 
Gold, silver, platinum and palladium are precious metals. The value of Commodity-Linked Securities linked 
specifically to precious metals may be affected by, among other factors: 
 
disruptions in the supply chain, from mining to storage to smelting or refining; 
 
adjustments to inventory; 
 
variations in production costs, including storage, labour and energy costs; 
 
costs associated with regulatory compliance, including environmental regulations;

--- Page 93 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
93 
 
 
 
changes in industrial, government and consumer demand, both in individual consuming nations and 
internationally; 
 
precious metal leasing rates; 
 
currency exchange rates; 
 
level of economic growth and inflation; and 
 
the degree to which consumers, governments, corporate and financial institutions hold physical gold 
as a safe haven asset (hoarding) which may be caused by a banking crisis/recovery, a rapid change in 
the value of other assets (both financial and physical) or changes in the level of geopolitical tension. 
Fund Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Fund Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement Amount 
or interest or other interim amounts payable are dependent upon the price or changes in the price of a fund 
share or unit or a basket of fund shares or units or where, depending on the price or changes in the price of a 
fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units, the Issuer has an obligation to deliver specified assets. 
Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct fund 
investment and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Fund Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of specified amount of one or more fund shares or units and/or by 
payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the fund share(s) or unit(s). The coupon payable 
on Fund Linked Interest N&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more fund 
shares or units. 
Fund Linked W&C Securities may be settled by the physical delivery of a specified amount of one or more 
fund shares or units and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the fund share(s) 
or unit(s). 
Inflation Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Securities where the Final Redemption Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest or other interim amounts payable are dependent upon the level or changes in the level of 
an inflation index or a basket of inflation indices. 
Inflation Linked Redemption N&C Securities may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the inflation index/indices. 
The coupon payable on Inflation Linked Interest N&C Securities may be calculated by reference to the value 
of one or more inflation index/indices and/or by whether that value is equal to, above or below one or more 
specified levels. 
Inflation Linked W&C Securities will be settled by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value 
of the inflation index/indices. 
Credit Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Credit Linked Securities where the amount payable is dependent upon whether certain 
events (Credit Events) have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entity/Entities and, if so, on the 
value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities or where, if such events have occurred, on 
redemption or cancellation (as applicable) the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
This Base Prospectus contains Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities with terms based 
on the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented) (the 2003 ISDA Definitions) and further 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities with terms based on the 2014 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (the 2014 ISDA Definitions).  While there are many similarities between the terms used in such 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities and the terms used in the 2003 ISDA 
Definitions, or the 2014 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, there are a number of differences.  In particular, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor have determined that certain provisions of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, which

--- Page 94 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
94 
 
 
are intended for use by market participants in "over the counter" transactions, require amendment when 
incorporated in the terms of an offering of securities such as the Credit Linked Securities and amendments 
have also been made to reflect any hedging arrangements the Issuer may put in place.  The terms and conditions 
of the Credit Linked Securities also afford the Calculation Agent discretion in respect of determining certain 
terms that differ in substance in comparison to corresponding terms contemplated in the ISDA Definitions, 
including, without limitation, the date on which a Credit Event Determination Date, the Credit Settlement Date 
or Valuation Date will fall, the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method (which may be determined, 
inter alia, by reference to the Hedging Arrangements) and the Settlement Suspension provisions or 
determination of the Quotation Amount.  Therefore, a prospective investor should understand that the complete 
terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms and that neither the 2003 ISDA Definitions nor the 2014 ISDA Definitions are incorporated by 
reference herein.  Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Securities is not necessarily equivalent to investing 
in a credit default swap that incorporates either set of ISDA Definitions. 
While ISDA has published and, where applicable, supplemented the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 
ISDA Definitions in order to facilitate transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, 
the credit derivatives market has evolved over time and is expected to continue to change.  Consequently, the 
2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including 
Credit Linked Securities are subject to further evolution.  Past events have shown that the view of market 
participants may differ as to how the Credit Derivatives Definitions operate or should operate.  As a result of 
the continued evolution of the market, the Credit Linked Securities may not conform to future market 
standards.  Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Securities.  Furthermore, there can 
be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will be predicable or 
favourable to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Securityholders. 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
There are a number of important differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions.  In particular the 2014 ISDA Definitions have: 
(a) 
introduced a new Credit Event of "Governmental Intervention", which is intended to capture "bail-in" 
procedures to which financial institutions may be subject; 
(b) 
made certain amendments to the Restructuring Credit Event to provide for the possibility of a Euro 
exit; 
(c) 
reduced the number of buckets applicable in circumstances where Mod Mod R is applicable and 
deleted the concept of the "Enabling Obligation" which was previously applicable to both Mod R and 
Mod Mod R; 
(d) 
introduced the concept of Asset Package Delivery in respect of certain Financial Reference Entities 
and Sovereigns.  This provides that if Deliverable Obligations are exchanged into non-Deliverable 
assets or written-down in part or in full, in certain circumstances, the credit protection buyer will be 
able to deliver the resultant package of Assets or the written-down Deliverable Obligation to realise 
its protection; 
(e) 
split credit protection between senior and subordinated coverage in respect of a Governmental 
Intervention and Restructuring Credit Event for Financial Reference Entities, i.e. a Senior Transaction 
will only be triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental Intervention of Senior Obligations and a 
Subordinated Transaction will not be capable of being triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention of an obligation which is Subordinated to the Subordinated Reference Obligation; 
(f) 
made a number of changes to the provisions for determining a Successor to a Reference Entity, 
particularly with respect to Financial and Sovereign Reference Entities; 
(g) 
provided for a new election of "Standard Reference Obligation" which, if chosen, will mean that the 
Reference Obligation will be the obligation of the relevant seniority level published in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity on a List maintained by ISDA.  Parties to a transaction on the terms of the 
2014 ISDA Definitions may elect not to apply that election such that the Reference Obligation would

--- Page 95 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
95 
 
 
remain as chosen by the parties, although, if this is the case, the procedure for selecting a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has also changed significantly in the 2014 ISDA Definitions; 
(h) 
replaced the Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic with the concept of Outstanding 
Principal Balance.  In order for an obligation (including the Reference Obligation) to constitute a 
Deliverable Obligation, it must have an Outstanding Principal Balance greater than zero; 
(i) 
amended the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" to expand the universe of guarantees that can 
constitute Qualifying Guarantees (with a particular emphasis on including, to some extent, guarantees 
with caps or transfer provisions); and 
(j) 
introduced a large number of technical and other changes. 
These changes in the 2014 ISDA Definitions as compared to the 2003 ISDA Definitions have been reflected 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) in Annex 15 of this Base Prospectus, but in each case subject to important differences, 
including to reflect the nature of the Securities as compared to "over-the-counter" transactions and to reflect 
any hedging arrangements the Issuer may put in place.  Some changes, such as the inclusion of a new Credit 
Event, may have significant economic effect on the Credit Linked Securities and may mean the value of the 
Credit Linked Securities and the return (if any) to investors is significantly different from Credit Linked 
Securities using the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) in Annex 7 of this Base Prospectus.  Some changes may be disadvantageous 
to Securityholders and prospective investors should review carefully the terms of any issue of Securities and, 
where in any doubt, take advice from suitably qualified professional advisers. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Securities: 
(i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative transactions 
and/or the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees; and/or 
(ii) 
in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is 
necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or a Hedging Party to 
reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect the Hedging 
Arrangements of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. 
Hedging Disruption 
Where the provisions of Annex 15 apply to the Credit Linked Securities, the terms and conditions provide that  
in the event that (a) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), (b) the Reference Obligation no longer exists or other circumstances exist as described in 
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Substitution Event and no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
determined (which the Calculation Agent may determine not to do in its sole discretion), or (c) the existing 
Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any Affiliate, or the ability of the Issuer or any Affiliate to enter into 
new Hedging Arrangements, are affected by any change in any standard terms used in any relevant market 
(such standard terms including, without limitation, any version of the ISDA Credit Derivative Definitions, any 
supplements thereto or any other terms or documentation that may be published by ISDA from time to time, 
and such a change including, without limitation, any amendment to or reinterpretation of any standard terms 
or the publication or introduction of new standard terms) or in market practice in any relevant market, in the 
case of any of (a), (b) or (c) (each a Hedging Adjustment Event) the Issuer may (i) make such adjustment to 
the Conditions of the Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Credit Linked Conditions) as the 
Issuer determines is appropriate to account for such Hedging Adjustment Event and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment or (ii) if the Issuer determines that no adjustment that it could make would be sufficient

--- Page 96 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
96 
 
 
(in the Issuer's opinion) to reflect the occurrence of the relevant Hedging Adjustment Event, the Issuer may 
redeem or cancel all but not some only of the Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by notice given to the Securityholders, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 5. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Credit Linked Securities may incorporate certain specific 
terms (as amended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 24) of the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix as published by ISDA from time to time.  The version of the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix from which such terms are incorporated is as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  Other than those 
terms specifically contemplated in Credit Linked Condition 24 and the applicable Final Terms, none of the 
other terms contemplated in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix shall be incorporated into the 
terms of the Credit Linked Securities. 
Cheapest to deliver 
Following a Credit Event Determination Date, subject to Auction Settlement procedures, if applicable, the 
Issuer is entitled to select an Obligation for delivery (or, if Cash Settlement applies, for valuation) which has 
the lowest value in the market at the relevant time, provided such obligation satisfies certain specifications and 
limits for qualification as a Deliverable Obligation or Obligation (as the case may be). 
Role of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Credit Derivative Determinations Committees were established pursuant to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on 12 March 2009) to make determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit 
derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency.  Investors should consult the Issuer in case 
they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions.  Credit Derivatives Determination Committees also apply under 
the 2014 ISDA Definitions.  Both sets of Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities as set 
out in Annexes 7 and 15 of this Base Prospectus therefore reflect such auction procedures.  In respect of a 
Credit Event relating to a Credit Linked Security, prospective purchasers should note that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to make binding decisions on critical issues such as 
whether a Credit Event has occurred, which obligations are to be valued and whether an auction should take 
place in accordance with and as more fully described in the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.  Consequently, payments on the 
Credit Linked Securities and the timing of any such payments may be affected by any such relevant decisions 
if Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method for a series of Securities in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery 
In the case of Physical Delivery, where the Reference Obligation is a loan, in order for the Delivery of the loan 
(or an interest in the loan) to be effected, the Reference Obligation must be capable of being transferred to the 
Securityholder in accordance with its terms and the Securityholders must have the capacity to hold such loan 
(or loan interest). 
Where the provisions of Annex 7 apply to the Credit Linked Securities, in the event that the Calculation Agent 
is unable to identify a Substitute Reference Obligation prior to the Extension Date, and if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension Date to redeem or cancel the Credit Linked 
Securities, as applicable, at their fair market value by notice to the Securityholders of the relevant 
Securities; or 
(b) 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities shall cease as of the end of the day on the Extension 
Date.

--- Page 97 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
97 
 
 
Substitution Events 
Where the provisions of Annex 15 apply to the Credit Linked Securities, if a Substitution Event has occurred 
with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to the 
provisions of the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt 
to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date although the Calculation Agent is not 
obliged to select a Substitute Reference Obligation at any time.  If (A) either (i) Cash Settlement is specified 
as the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement 
Method) and the Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or 
(ii) either Auction Settlement or Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Physical Delivery, is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) 
and, in each case, the Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the 
Extension Date, a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right 
on or after the Extension Date to redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount (determined by the 
Calculation Agent taking into account the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of the early 
redemption) by notice to the Holders of the relevant Credit Linked Securities, such payment to be made as 
specified in such notice.  Such notice shall contain details of the procedures and due date for such early 
redemption. 
Considerations relating to laws and regulation 
Legal investment considerations which may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, (2) Securities can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities.  
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Regulation of benchmarks 
Key international regulatory initiatives relating to the reform of benchmarks include (i) the International 
Organisation of Securities Commissions' (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks (as set out in IOSCO's 
Final Report on Principles for Financial Benchmarks (FR07/13), as recently supplemented by IOSCO's Report 
on Guidance on the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks (FR 13/2016), the IOSCO Principles) and 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used 
as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directive 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation). The IOSCO Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for 
benchmarks to be used in financial markets, specifically covering (among other things) governance and 
accountability as well as the quality, integrity and transparency of benchmark design, determination and 
methodologies. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and most 
provisions apply, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018.  The Benchmarks Regulation 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, applies to 
many interest rates, foreign exchange rate indices, equity indices, commodity indices and other indices 
(including "proprietary" indices or strategies) where used to determine the amount payable under or the value 
or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue (EU regulated market, EU 
multilateral trading facility (MTF), EU organised trading facility (OTF)) or via a systematic internaliser,

--- Page 98 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
98 
 
 
certain financial contracts and certain investment funds. The requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation are 
intended to take into account the systemic significance, perceived risk profile and certain other relevant 
characteristics of different types of benchmarks. 
Reform of some interest rate benchmarks 
In addition to the international regulatory initiatives relating to the reform of benchmarks in general, some 
interest rate benchmarks (e.g. LIBOR and EURIBOR) are being reformed and, in some cases, discontinued as 
part of the global benchmark reform process. Different interest rate benchmarks are being reformed or 
discontinued at different speeds and in different ways.   
Financial markets in some currencies and regions have changed significantly since the global financial crisis. 
One of the reasons for the discontinuance of interbank rates such as LIBOR is that banks no longer fund 
themselves in the interbank market to the same extent as they used to, and regulators do not believe that these 
fundamental shifts are likely to be reversed in the near term. The decline in the liquidity of the underlying 
interbank markets is one of the key drivers for reform and transition away from LIBOR. 
LIBOR is now calculated on the basis of a reformed methodology, but it still requires the support of the 
submitting panel banks. The number of underlying transactions in the interbank market has fallen and so the 
calculation of LIBOR under the reformed methodology is still reliant on the expert judgment of the panel 
banks. This process gives rise to certain risks for the panel banks. The FCA has agreed with 20 panel banks 
that they will continue making submissions until the end of 2021, but some banks may then withdraw from 
the LIBOR panels and the FCA has stated that it does expect withdrawals from the LIBOR panels at the end 
of 2021. It is possible that so many banks will withdraw that it is simply not feasible to produce a LIBOR rate 
after that time.  
All of this means it is  expected that non-USD LIBOR rates and several USD LIBOR tenors will cease to be 
published after 2021. If and when it ceases to be published, LIBOR can no longer be the interest rate referenced 
by existing financial products or transactions (or to be referenced by new transactions going forward). If 
participants in financial markets do not implement a managed transition process (including replacing 
references to LIBOR in existing contracts), this could lead to a disorderly discontinuation of LIBOR, which 
could in turn result in significant market disruption. Some historical fallbacks, which involve a calculation 
agent sourcing quotations from reference banks for each transaction in order to synthesise LIBOR, are unlikely 
to function because those banks will not wish to provide quotations. Given the volume of LIBOR-linked 
financial products and transactions, this may even create financial stability risks. Transitioning to alternative 
rates will help to mitigate the possible market disruption. 
Even if some panel banks are willing to support LIBOR, it may not be possible to produce a LIBOR rate that 
is representative of the relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality and the FCA may make an 
announcement that the LIBOR rate is or will no longer be representative before it ceases to be published. If 
such an announcement is made it would be likely to significantly reduce the liquidity of legacy LIBOR linked 
financial products and transactions. Furthermore, if the number of panel banks is reduced following such an 
announcement, it may change the properties of the LIBOR rate more generally – for example, by affecting the 
level or the volatility of the rate. 
Some of these market dynamics are also present in other regions and other currencies and may drive the 
discontinuation of non-LIBOR benchmarks. In addition, LIBOR embeds a bank credit risk premium into its 
rate. As liquidity has declined in the interbank market, this bank credit risk premium is being priced by 
reference to a less active market, and this may make such pricing more volatile, particularly in times of 
financial distress. 
Alternative reference rates or what the market has termed RFRs are being developed which are nearly risk-
free and can be used in the financial markets in place of the existing key interbank offered rates. In some cases 
it is possible the existing IBORs will be discontinued and replaced with the RFRs whilst in other cases both 
rates may be available for the relevant currency at least for a period of time.

--- Page 99 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
99 
 
 
For some currencies, the selected RFR is already in use in the overnight market (e.g., SONIA for GBP) whilst 
for other currencies, a transition from the incumbent overnight rate to the new RFR will be required (e.g., for 
EUR from EONIA to €STR). The administrator of EONIA has announced that EONIA will also be 
discontinued after 2021. 
Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission's proposal) for a financial transaction tax (FTT) to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia), although Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  If the Commission's proposal was 
adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in 
relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts 
and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).  
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states.  Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member state or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating member state.

--- Page 100 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
100 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer.   
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Securities by any entity, you should check that such 
entity has been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer before agreeing 
to purchase any Securities. The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with 
a Non-exempt Offer: 
 
any entity named as a Dealer or Manager in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus; 
 
any financial intermediary named on the Issuer's website (see the "Corporate Disclosure" section at 
www.nomuranow.com) as an Authorised Offeror (as defined below) in respect of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms). 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-
exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions (as defined below), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any person and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer 
of Securities. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Non-exempt Offers. 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Securities in relevant Member States  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities in each 
Member State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the Final Terms (each 
specified State a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and together the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions).  Any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given 
in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies with 
the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation  
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Securities, the Issuer and the Guarantors accept responsibility, in each 
of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
Investor) who purchases any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied 
with.  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below.   
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities 
law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.   
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors 
has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to 
the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities.  Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of

--- Page 101 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
101 
 
 
the Issuer, the Guarantors and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.   
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it 
should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below are together the Authorised Offerors 
and each an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent", the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the Issuer's website (see the "Corporate Disclosure" section at 
www.nomuranow.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, 
Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and/or The Netherlands, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above relates only to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Securities, be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be Austria, 
Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, 
and The Netherlands, and accordingly each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of 
a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, 
Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and The Netherlands, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 102 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
102 
 
 
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
In accordance with Article 36(4)(b) FinSA, the Issuer consents, to the extent and under the conditions, if any, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the use of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms by 
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms under "Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt Offers" for a Swiss Non-exempt Offer on 
the basis of and in accordance with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY SECURITIES IN A 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL 
BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT.  
THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL 
BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER.  NONE OF 
THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTORS AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER 
HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Non-exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer at the time of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing 
market conditions at that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such Securities to 
the Investor will be the Issue Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be 
agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Securities to such Investor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised 
Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which 
such Authorised Offeror is offering the Securities to such Investor.

--- Page 103 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
103 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The following documents, which have previously been published shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation: 
(a) 
the audited Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 March 2020 (available at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e25d648c6583479d80e8f754b5f6b722); 
(b) 
the audited Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 March 2021 (available at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-gb/resources/upload/nif-annual-financial-
statement-31Mar2021.pdf); 
(c) 
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 30 June 
2021 (available at: https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-gb/resources/upload/Nomura-
International-Funding-Pte-Ltd-Interim-30Jun2021.pdf); 
(d) 
the Form 20-F of the NHI Guarantor dated 30 June 2020, for the year ended 31 March 2020, containing 
the auditor's report and consolidated financial statements of the NHI Guarantor for that year on pages 
F-1 
to 
F-142 
(but 
excluding 
any 
documents 
incorporated 
therein) 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuraholdings.com/investor/library/sec/20f/200630/200630_e.pdf); 
(e) 
the Form 20-F of the NHI Guarantor dated 25 June 2021, for the year ended 31 March 2021, containing 
the auditor's report and consolidated financial statements of the NHI Guarantor for that year on pages 
F-1 
to 
F-144 
(but 
excluding 
any 
documents 
incorporated 
therein) 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuraholdings.com/investor/library/sec/20f/210625/210625_e.pdf); 
(f) 
the Form 6-K of the NHI Guarantor dated 26 August 2021, of an English translation of the NHI 
Guarantor’s unaudited Quarterly Securities Report for the three months ended 30 June 2021 (but 
excluding 
any 
documents 
incorporated 
therein) 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuraholdings.com/investor/library/sec/6k/210826/210826.pdf); 
(g) 
the English language audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the NSC Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2020 including the auditor’s report as published on 30 June 2020 
(available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109e234969537546cab9b1dafd5b7670b8); 
(h) 
the English language audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the NSC Guarantor for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2021 including the auditor’s report as published on 25 June 2021 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-gb/resources/upload/NSC-s-
Financial-Information-NSC-s-audited-non-consolidated-annual-financial-statements-for-the-year-
ended-31-March-2021.pdf); 
(i) 
the English translation of the Japanese language unaudited quarterly financial information for the three 
months ended 30 June 2021 of the NSC Guarantor as published on 30 July 2021 (available at: 
https://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/group/nsc/pdf/2022_1q.pdf); 
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of Securities contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 5 August 
2013 (the 2013 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 209 to 289 of the 2013 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/NIF_Prospectus_final.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 304 to 357 of the 2013 Base 
Prospectus;

--- Page 104 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
104 
 
 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 359 to 594 of the 2013 Base Prospectus; 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of Securities contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 1 August 
2014 (the 2014 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 217 to 301 of the 2014 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2014.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 316 to 371 of the 2014 Base 
Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 373 to 676 of the 2014 Base Prospectus;  
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of Securities contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 31 July 2015 
(the July 2015 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 226 to 309 of the July 2015 
Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-july2015.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 325 to 379 of the July 2015 
Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 381 to 686 of the July 2015 Base Prospectus; 
(m) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 11 December 2015 (the 
December 2015 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 230 to 314 of the December 
2015 Base Prospectus (available at https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2015.pdf);  
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 330 to 385 of the December 
2015 Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 387 to 692 of the December 2015 Base Prospectus; 
(n) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 16 September 2016 
(the 2016 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 233 to 317 of the 2016 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/nnextranet/resources/assets/files/structured/base-
suppliments/NIF-BASE-PROSPECTUS-09-2016.pdf);  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 334 to 389 of the 2016 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 391 to 696 of the 2016 Base Prospectus;

--- Page 105 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
105 
 
 
(o) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2017 (the 
2017 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 267 to 366 of the 2017 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2017.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 384 to 440 of the 2017 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 442 to 751 of the 2017 Base Prospectus; 
(p) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 14 September 2018 (the 
2018 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 278 to 385 of the 2018 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2018.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 404 to 462 of the 2018 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 464 to 773 of the 2018 Base Prospectus. 
(q) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 11 July 2019 (the 2019 
Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 283 to 393 of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2019.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 413 to 474 of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 476 to 785 of the 2019 Base Prospectus. 
(r) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2020 (the 2020 
Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 191 to 315 of the 2020 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2020.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 334 to 394 of the 2020 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 396 to 704 of the 2020 Base Prospectus. 
(s) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 22 February 2021 (the 
2021 Base Prospectus) and prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Programme as follows: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities found on pages 199 to 324 of the 2021 Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-
gb/resources/upload/nif-base-prospectus-2021.pdf);

--- Page 106 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
106 
 
 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities found on pages 346 to 406 of the 2021 Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Technical Annexes found on pages 408 to 718 of the 2021 Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD 
Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Directors’ statement 
Page 1 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 2 to 5 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 6 
Balance sheet 
Page 7 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 8 
Cash flow statement 
Page 9 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 10 to 49 
Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 
Directors’ statement 
Page 1 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 2 to 5 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 6 
Balance sheet 
Page 7 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 8 
Cash flow statement 
Page 9 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 10 to 55 
Unaudited Condensed Interim Financial Statements for the three months ended 30 June 2021 
Director's Report 
Pages 1 to 2 
Independent Review Report 
Page 3

--- Page 107 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
107 
 
 
Condensed Interim Statement of Comprehensive 
Income 
Page 4 
Condensed Interim Balance Sheet 
Page 5 
Condensed Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 6 
Condensed Interim Cash Flow Statement 
Page 7 
Notes 
to 
the 
Condensed 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 8 to 38 
NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. 
Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Consolidated Balance Sheets  
Pages F-7 to F-9 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
Page F-10  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  Page F-11 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
Pages F-12 to F-13 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
Pages F-14 to F-15 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages F-16 to F-142 
Report 
of 
Independent 
Registered 
Public 
Accounting Firm  
Pages F-2 to F-5 
Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2021 
Consolidated Balance Sheets  
Pages F-6 to F-8 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
Page F-9  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  Page F-10 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
Pages F-11 to F-12 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
Pages F-13 to F-14 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages F-15 to F-144 
Report 
of 
Independent 
Registered 
Public 
Accounting Firm  
Pages F-2 to F-5

--- Page 108 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
108 
 
 
Form 6-K for the three months ended 30 June 2021 
Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
Pages 23 to 25 
Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
Page 26 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
(Unaudited) 
Page 27 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
(Unaudited) 
Page 28 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Pages 29 to 30 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
(Unaudited) 
Pages 31 to 104 
Quarterly Review Report of Independent Auditor 
(English translation) 
Pages 105 to 106 
NOMURA SECURITIES CO., LTD. 
Non-Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Pages 1 to 3 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income 
Page 4 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net 
Assets 
Pages 5 to 6 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Page 7 
Significant accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
Pages 8 to 35 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Cover pages 
Non-Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2021 
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Pages 2 to 4 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income 
Page 5 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net 
Assets 
Pages 6 to 7 
Non-Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Page 8 
Significant accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
Pages 9 to 37

--- Page 109 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
109 
 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Cover pages 
Unaudited Quarterly Financial Information for the three months ended 30 June 2021 (English 
translation) 
Unaudited Unconsolidated Balance Sheets 
Page 1 
Unaudited Unconsolidated Statements of Income 
Page 1 
Unaudited Unconsolidated Statements of Income – 
Quarterly Comparatives 
Page 2 
Unaudited Supplementary Information 
Page 3 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Securities) the relevant Guarantor, will, in connection with the listing 
of any Securities issued under the Programme on the LuxSE, so long as the Securities remain outstanding and 
listed on either exchange, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, 
advise the LuxSE and prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Securities to be listed on the LuxSE. 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Securities) the relevant Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and 
the LuxSE that the Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the N&C Securities Conditions or 
the W&C Securities Conditions set out herein, in which event, in the case of Non-Exempt Securities only, a 
new prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Securities. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as specifically contemplated above, the content of any website referred 
to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
110 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Securities that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, each of the Issuer and the Guarantors have 
undertaken in the Programme Agreement dated on or about 7 October 2021 to furnish, upon the request of a 
holder of such Securities or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser 
designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act 
if, at the time of the request, any of the Securities remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the 
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Securities) is a reporting company under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of Singapore.  All of its directors and executive officers 
named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and of 
such executive officers and directors are located outside of the United States. It may not be possible, therefore, 
for U.S. investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or these persons or to 
enforce against the Issuer or these persons judgments obtained in the United States courts predicated upon the 
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. The Issuer believes that there is 
doubt as to the enforceability in Singapore, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgment of 
U.S. courts, of liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States. 
The NHI Guarantor is a limited liability, joint-stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Japan. Most 
of its directors and executive officers reside in Japan. Many of its assets and the assets of these persons are 
located in Japan and elsewhere outside the United States. It may not be possible, therefore, for U.S. investors 
to effect service of process within the United States upon the NHI Guarantor or these persons or to enforce 
against the NHI Guarantor or these persons judgments obtained in the United States courts predicated upon 
the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. The NHI Guarantor believes 
that there is doubt as to the enforceability in Japan, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgment 
of U.S. courts, of liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States. 
The NSC Guarantor is a limited liability, joint-stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Japan. Most 
of its directors reside in Japan. Many of its assets and the assets of these persons are located in Japan and 
elsewhere outside the United States. It may not be possible, therefore, for U.S. investors to effect service of 
process within the United States upon the NSC Guarantor or these persons or to enforce against the NSC 
Guarantor or these persons judgments obtained in the United States courts predicated upon the civil liability 
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. The NSC Guarantor believes that there is doubt 
as to the enforceability in Japan, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgment of U.S. courts, 
of liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States.

--- Page 111 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
111 
 
 
CREDIT RATINGS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The documents incorporated by reference disclose the credit ratings of the NHI Guarantor and the NSC 
Guarantor as provided by S&P Japan, Moody's Japan, Fitch Japan, R&I Japan and JCR. 
Both R&I Japan and JCR are credit rating agencies nationally recognised in Japan. Each of the NHI Guarantor 
and the NSC Guarantor, as applicable, relies on, or utilises, credit ratings on its long-term and short-term debt 
provided by these Japanese credit rating agencies, as well as S&P Japan, Moody's Japan and Fitch Japan for 
unsecured funding and other financing purposes and also for its trading and other business activities.  
Each of Moody's Japan, S&P Japan and Fitch Japan are not established in the EEA and have not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Their ratings have, 
however, been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's Deutschland), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (SPGRE) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch Ratings) respectively, in each case, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE and Fitch Ratings are established 
in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE and Fitch 
Ratings are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings 
issued in Japan which have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland, SPGRE and/or Fitch Ratings 
(respectively) may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. 
Each of Moody's Japan, S&P Japan and Fitch Japan are not established in the United Kingdom and have not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). The ratings have, however, been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd (Moody's UK), S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (SPGRUK) and 
Fitch Ratings Ltd (Fitch UK) respectively, in each case, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Each of 
Moody's UK, SPGRUK and Fitch UK Ratings are established in the United Kingdom and are registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
R&I Japan is not established in the European Union and is not registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  R&I Japan is therefore not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with such the CRA Regulation. 
JCR is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation, 
but it is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Each of R&I Japan and JCR is not established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A short description of the ratings is provided below based on the publicly available definitions published by 
each of the rating agencies. 
Standard & Poor's 
An obligor rated 'A' by S&P has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-
rated categories. An obligor rated 'BBB' by S&P exhibits adequate protection parameters. However adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation. The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition 
of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.  
Moody's 
Obligations rated 'A' by Moody's are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
Obligations rated 'Baa' by Moody's are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as 
such may possess certain speculative characteristics.  Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the

--- Page 112 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
112 
 
 
higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
Fitch 
'A' ratings by Fitch denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments 
is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings.  The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating by Fitch 
to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
R&I Japan 
An issuer rating is R&I's opinion on an entity's general capacity to fulfil its financial obligations and is, in 
principle, assigned to all issuers. A rating of 'A' by R&I Japan indicates high creditworthiness supported by a 
few excellent factors.  A plus (+) or minus (-) sign may be appended to the categories from AA to CCC to 
indicate relative standing within each rating category.  The plus and minus signs are part of the rating symbols. 
JCR 
JCR's Long-term Issuer Rating Scale enables comparison of the overall capacity of an obligor (issuer) to 
honour its entire financial obligations with the overall capacity of others. A long-term rating of AA given by 
JCR denotes a very high level of certainty to honour the financial obligations. A plus (+) or minus (-) sign may 
be affixed to the rating symbols from AA to B to indicate relative standing within each of those rating scales. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as any rating that may be assigned to the Programme.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to "Ratings of the Securities" in the 
Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
113 
 
 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
This description is intended to give you an overview of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the types of Securities 
that may be issued under the programme.  Any decision to invest in any Securities should only be made after 
you have carefully read and understood all of the information set out or incorporated by reference in this 
document and the applicable Final Terms. 
Table of Commonly Asked Questions: 
1. 
Who are the Issuer and Guarantors under the Programme? 
2. 
What types of product will be issued under the Programme? 
3. 
How much of my investment is at risk? 
4. 
What should I read before investing? 
5. 
What will the Issuer do with my money? 
6. 
What are the risks of investing in any Securities? 
7. 
What fees and expenses are payable in connection with my Securities? 
8. 
What tax will I have to pay and how will tax affect payments made to me? 
9. 
Will my Securities be listed on a Stock Exchange? 
10. 
What are the terms on which Securities will be offered? 
11. 
How can I hold my Securities? 
12. 
Will I be able to sell my Securities? 
13. 
What do I have to do to exercise my rights in respect of the Securities? 
14. 
Is there a limit on the amount of Securities the Issuer will issue for each series? 
15. 
How are payments made? 
16. 
Will my Securities be guaranteed? 
17. 
What are the Reference Items to which my Securities may be linked? 
18. 
How is the value of my investment affected by the value of the underlying Reference Items? 
19. 
Is the market value and interest and amount payable or deliverable in respect of my Securities subject 
to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any)? 
20. 
If my Securities are linked to a Reference Item, will I have recourse to that asset if the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if any) default? 
21. 
Who calculates the amounts payable to me? 
22. 
What are Index Linked Securities? 
23. 
What are Equity Linked Securities? 
24. 
What are FX Linked Securities? 
25. 
What are Commodity Linked Securities? 
26. 
What are Fund Linked Securities? 
27. 
What are Inflation Linked Securities? 
28. 
What are Credit Linked Securities? 
29. 
What is Auction Settlement?

--- Page 114 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
114 
 
 
30. 
Why was Auction Settlement developed? 
31. 
How will Auction Settlement apply in relation to the Securities? 
32. 
What are Swedish Securities? 
33. 
What are Swiss Securities? 
34. 
What are Preference Share Linked N&C Securities?

--- Page 115 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
115 
 
 
1. 
Who are the Issuer and Guarantors under the Programme? 
The Issuer, Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. is a private company limited by shares registered in 
Singapore under number 201212290E for an unlimited period.  The liability of the members of the Issuer is 
limited.  It has its registered office at 10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2, #36-01, 
Singapore 018983.  The Issuer was incorporated under the Companies Act (Cap. 50) on 17 May 2012 as a 
direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated in Japan.  A description of 
the Issuer is set out on pages 751 to 759 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may issue guaranteed and unguaranteed Securities under the Programme as explained at Question 
16 below.  If the Securities are guaranteed and are N&C Securities the Guarantor will be either (i) Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. or (ii) Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities 
are guaranteed and are W&C Securities the Guarantor will be Nomura Holdings, Inc. only. 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Japan on 25 December 1925 under the Commercial Code of Japan 
when the securities division of The Osaka Nomura Bank, Ltd. became a separate entity specialising in the 
trading and distribution of debt securities in Japan.  Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the 
Nomura Group. 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. was incorporated in Japan on 7 May 2001 and is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Nomura Holdings, Inc.. 
The registered head office of Nomura Holdings, Inc. is located at 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 
103-8645, Japan, and the telephone number is +81-3-5255-1000.  The registered head office of Nomura 
Securities Co., Ltd. is located at 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8011, Japan, and the 
telephone number is +81-3-3211-1811.  A description of Nomura Holdings, Inc. is set out on pages 760 to 768 
of this Base Prospectus and a description of Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. is set out on pages 769 to 772 of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The application of the Guarantee is explained at Question 16. below. 
2. 
What types of product will be issued under the Programme? 
The Issuer may issue Notes and redeemable Certificates (together, the N&C Securities), or Warrants and 
exercisable Certificates (together, the W&C Securities and, together with the N&C Securities, the Securities).  
Securities issued under the Programme may be (i) admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or 
offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (a Non-Exempt N&C Security or a Non-Exempt W&C Security as applicable, and together 
Non-Exempt Securities) or (ii) neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market in the EEA or (b) a United 
Kingdom (UK) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) in the UK 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt N&C Security or an Exempt W&C 
Security as applicable, and together Exempt Securities). At the start of each relevant section of this Base 
Prospectus an indication is given whether the section applies to Exempt Securities, Non-Exempt Securities or 
both. 
The Issuer may issue conventional debt securities (in the form of N&C Securities) including fixed or floating 
rate notes as well as Securities with returns linked to one or more underlying asset or basis of reference 
(Reference Item Linked Securities).  The returns on Securities may be received by investors in interest (in 
the case of N&C Securities) or additional amounts (in the case of W&C Securities) and/or on redemption (in 
the case of N&C Securities) or exercise (in the case of W&C Securities). 
The return on Reference Item Linked Securities may be linked to the performance of one or a combination of 
a wide range of reference bases which may include, but will not be limited to, indices (including equity, bond, 
commodity or proprietary indices), shares, currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodities, fund shares 
or units, rates of inflation or the credit of one or more underlying entities. The composition of the relevant 
reference basis or bases may be designed to change over time in accordance with the relevant terms and 
conditions.

--- Page 116 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
116 
 
 
The relevant terms and conditions of a particular issue of Securities will specify the applicable returns, when 
such returns are payable or deliverable and the terms on which they are payable or deliverable.  Any return 
will normally be paid by the Issuer at maturity (in the case of N&C Securities) or settlement (in the case of 
W&C Securities) as part of the applicable Final Redemption Amount (in the case of N&C Securities) or the 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of W&C Securities). Any interest or additional amounts, as the case may 
be, will normally be paid by the Issuer on specified dates.  In certain circumstances the return on redemption 
or settlement of Securities may be the physical delivery of certain specified assets (the Entitlement) after 
payment by the investor of certain cash sums to the Issuer such as Expenses or Exercise Expenses or, in the 
case of Warrants, the relevant Exercise Price. 
The relevant terms and conditions of a particular issue of Securities will be the terms and conditions for the 
Securities set out in this Base Prospectus as completed and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, 
supplemented and amended, in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
How much of my investment is at risk? 
Some of the N&C Securities will guarantee a minimum Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date for 
such N&C Securities. Other Securities will put the investor's investment at risk in whole or in part so that they 
may receive an amount or assets with a value less than their original investment or lose their entire investment. 
Investors should review the product terms and conditions to understand whether, and in what circumstances, 
an investor's investment is at risk. If the terms and conditions of a particular product mean that an investor's 
entire investment could be lost, an investor should only invest in the Securities if they are willing to accept 
that risk. 
Each potential investor should also note that any return received on the Securities could be lower than the 
interest that the investor could have earned by investing in a simple fixed rate product (like a bank or building 
society account) paying the prevailing market rate. 
Therefore some Securities may not be suitable for a potential investor who would prefer a lower risk 
investment. 
4. 
What should I read before investing? 
You should carefully read and understand this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms prior to 
investing in any Securities. Any decision to invest in any Securities should be based on a consideration of this 
Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference, and the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Securities are a packaged retail investment product for the purposes of the EU's PRIIPs regime 
(a PRIIP) or the UK's PRIIPs regime (a UK PRIIP), you should also ensure that you have carefully read and 
understood any key information document (KID) provided to you in respect of the Securities. 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains information about the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, the general terms and conditions of Securities and general information about the 
offer and issue of Securities.  The applicable Final Terms will contain the specific terms and conditions of 
such Securities together with information about how investors can purchase them (if applicable), product 
specific risk factors and other product specific information. 
It is important that you obtain, carefully read and understand the applicable Final Terms for Securities in which 
you are considering to invest. See "General Information – Documents Available" for details of where you may 
obtain these. 
5. 
What will the Issuer do with my money? 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Securities issued by it for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit. If in respect of any particular issue of W&C Securities, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
What are the risks of investing in any Securities? 
Before making an investment in any Securities, you should carefully consider all of the information set out in 
the Base Prospectus relating to the relevant Securities as well as your own personal circumstances. You should

--- Page 117 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
117 
 
 
have particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations described under the heading "Risk Factors" 
on pages 20 to 88 of this document and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in the applicable Final Terms. 
In order to offer the possibility of higher returns, some Securities will carry higher risks.  You should review 
the applicable Final Terms for a series of Securities to understand whether your investment is designed to be 
at risk and the terms on which your investment will be repaid. 
7. 
What fees and expenses are payable in connection with my Securities? 
The Issuer has incurred and will continue to incur fees and expenses which do not directly relate to one or 
more specific series of Securities. These expenses include (without limitation) fees and expenses incurred or 
to be incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the preparation of this document, the preparation 
and publication of financial statements and reports, and the general administration of the Issuer. 
Certain fees and expenses (including but not limited to fees to be paid to distributor(s) and/or introducing 
brokers) which relate to a particular series of Securities may be applicable and, if so, may be described in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
What tax will I have to pay and how will tax affect payments made to me? 
General information relating to certain aspects of United States, Irish, Luxembourg and Singapore taxation, is 
set out under the heading "Taxation" on pages 773 to 793 of this Base Prospectus.  If you are unsure of the tax 
implications of making an investment in any Securities you should obtain professional tax advice. 
If withholding taxes are imposed on payments under Reference Item Linked N&C Securities (as described in 
more detail in the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities and in the applicable Final Terms), unless the 
provisions of Condition 9.1.2 are specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor will not pay any additional amounts to "gross-up" such payments. Such 
additional amounts will only be payable (with certain exceptions) for N&C Securities which are not Reference 
Item Linked N&C Securities or for those Reference Item Linked N&C Securities to which the provisions of 
Condition 9.1.2 apply. 
In respect of W&C Securities, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if applicable) shall be liable for or otherwise 
obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment (including any stamp or transfer tax) which may 
arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any W&C Security by any person and 
all payments made by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
9. 
Will my Securities be listed on a Stock Exchange? 
An application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (the LuxSE) for Securities issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the LuxSE's Official List and to be admitted to trading on (i) the LuxSE's 
regulated market and (ii) the Euro MTF market of the LuxSE. The Programme provides that Securities may 
be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Dealer and specified in the 
Final Terms.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Securities and/or Securities not admitted to trading on any 
market.  It will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms whether the relevant Securities are intended to be 
listed and, if so, on which stock exchange. 
10. 
What are the terms on which Securities will be offered? 
If applicable, details of the offer, including details of the Offer Period, Issue Price, minimum or maximum 
subscription amounts, settlement arrangements and any other conditions applicable in relation to an offer of a 
particular series of Securities and the Issuer will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
How can I hold my Securities? 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Securities and Swiss Securities (for which see "What are 
Swedish Securities?" and "What are Swiss Securities?" below), the Issuer intends that Securities will be issued 
in the following forms:

--- Page 118 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
118 
 
 
(a) 
N&C Securities 
The N&C Securities of each Series will initially be represented by either a global security in bearer 
form or in registered form. 
Each Tranche of Bearer N&C Securities will be initially issued in the form of a Temporary Bearer 
Global N&C Security or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Bearer Global 
N&C Security which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global N&C Securities are intended to be issued in new global note form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
if the Global N&C Securities are not intended to be issued in new global note form, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On and after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security will be exchangeable either for (i) interests 
in a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security or (ii) for definitive Bearer N&C Securities with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached, in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership. 
The Registered N&C Securities of each Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which 
will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global 
note in registered form (a Regulation S Global N&C Security). The Registered N&C Securities of 
each Tranche offered and sold (a) in the United States to QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A who 
are also each a QP or (b) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons who are QIBs who are also 
QPs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a Rule 144A Global N&C Security and, 
together with a Regulation S Global N&C Security, each a Registered Global N&C Security). 
Registered Global N&C Securities will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or (ii) be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global N&C Securities will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive N&C Securities in fully 
registered form. 
(b) 
W&C Securities 
W&C Securities sold (a) in the United States to QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A who are also 
each a QP or (b) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons who are QIBs and also QPs will be 
represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security (the Rule 144A Global W&C Security).In the 
event that the applicable Final Terms does not specify that the W&C Securities are eligible for sale (a) 
in the United States to QIBs who are also QPs, (b) to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
who are QIBs and also QPs, the W&C Securities will be represented by a Permanent Global W&C 
Security (the Permanent Global W&C Security).  If it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that 
W&C Securities as described above may also be sold outside of the United States in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC rules, regulations 
and guidance, such interest in W&C Securities will be represented by a Regulation S Global W&C 
Security (the Regulation S Global W&C Security). 
Each Permanent Global W&C Security and Regulation S Global W&C Security will be deposited with 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A Rule 144A Global 
W&C Security will be either (i) deposited with the New York Security Agent as custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC) and references herein 
to W&C Securities "held through" DTC will be deemed to be references to W&C Securities so 
represented, or (ii) deposited with a Common Depository common to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the

--- Page 119 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
119 
 
 
applicable Final Terms, each Global W&C Security will be deposited with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or the Issuer receives a 
notice from DTC as described below in relation to the Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through 
DTC corresponding to the same Series of W&C Securities as such Regulation S Global W&C Security, 
the Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 
9 and will deliver W&C Securities in definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may be 
required by the Issuer) in exchange for the Regulation S Global W&C Security. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, 
if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that Rule 144A 
Global W&C Security, or if at any time DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the 
Issuer within 90 days of such notice, or the Issuer receives notice as described above in respect of the 
closure of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to the Regulation S Global W&C 
Security held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg corresponding to the same Series of 
W&C Securities as such Rule 144A Global W&C Security, the Issuer will deliver W&C Securities in 
definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may be required by the Issuer) in exchange for that 
Rule 144A Global W&C Security.  
Except in the circumstances described in the preceding two paragraphs, owners of beneficial interests 
in a Global W&C Security will not be entitled to have any portion of such W&C Securities registered 
in their name and will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered W&C 
Securities in definitive form in exchange for their interests in that Global W&C Security.  Transfer, 
exercise, termination, settlement and other mechanics related to any W&C Securities issued in 
definitive form in exchange for W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security shall be as 
agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Agent and, in the case of W&C Securities represented by a 
Rule 144A Global W&C Security, the New York Security Agent. 
12. 
Will I be able to sell my Securities? 
Nomura International plc or one of its affiliates may use its reasonable endeavours in normal market conditions 
to provide indicative bid and offer prices for the sale and purchase of Securities unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. However, it is not obliged to do so and, even if it does, may cease such activities at 
any time. 
13. 
What do I have to do to exercise my rights in respect of the Securities? 
Investors' rights relating to the Securities represented by a Global Security are governed by the procedures of 
the relevant Clearing Systems and the terms and conditions of the Securities, as completed and, in the case of 
Exempt Securities only, supplemented and amended, in the applicable Final Terms. Investors should note that 
rights relating to certain Securities may expire if the Securities are not duly exercised prior to the specified 
cut-off date. An investor wanting rights in respect of Securities to be exercised on their behalf should contact 
their bank or broker. 
It is important that you obtain, carefully read and understand the terms and conditions and applicable Final 
Terms for the Securities in which you are considering to invest. 
14. 
Is there a limit on the amount of Securities the Issuer will issue for each series? 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities issued by the Issuer and from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed USD13,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement).  However, this limit may be varied in accordance with 
the procedures specified under the Programme Agreement.  The Issuer can issue a series of Securities at any

--- Page 120 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
120 
 
 
time without giving investors notice or obtaining their consent. Any additional Securities issued by the Issuer 
will rank equally with all existing Securities issued. 
15. 
How are payments made? 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Issuer will make payments by paying the total 
amount payable to the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with the rules and policies of the clearing 
systems(s) or in the case of Warrants (other than where Automatic Exercise applies) to the account specified 
by the Securityholder in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
The clearing system will credit the appropriate amount to the account of each Securityholder (which may 
include intermediaries such as banks or brokers), in accordance with its rules or policies. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have an obligation to make payments directly to investors in the 
Securities. Each investor in the Securities must look to the clearing system or its bank or broker for payments 
on such investor's Securities. 
If the date specified for payment is not a business day, the Issuer will make the relevant payment on the first 
following day that is a business day. On these occasions, the payment will be treated as if it were made on the 
original specified date for payment and will not be considered a late payment. Accordingly, the Issuer will not 
be obliged to compensate the investor for the postponement. The term "Business Day" is defined within the 
terms and conditions of the Securities. 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, delivery of the Entitlement will be made directly to the 
Securityholder in accordance with the delivery method specified in the terms and conditions. 
For Securities not held through a clearing system, the "Securityholder" will be the investor shown on the 
register (in the case of registered Securities) or the investor who physically holds the Security (in the case of 
bearer Securities). To receive payment of principal, interest or other amounts, you will need to contact the 
relevant Agent and present evidence of your holding of the Security. The Issuer will not make payments to 
you directly but will do so through the relevant Agents. 
16. 
Will my Securities be guaranteed? 
Securities will not have the benefit of the Guarantee unless (i) it is stated in the applicable Final Terms that the 
Guarantee is applicable and (ii), in the case of W&C Securities, the application of the Guarantee to any Series 
of W&C Securities is specifically authorised by an executive officer of the Guarantor authorised by the 
Guarantor's Executive Management Board and the date of such authorisation is included in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where a guarantee is not applicable in respect of a series of Securities, such Securities will not have the benefit 
of any guarantee by the NHI Guarantor, the NSC Guarantor or any other party and Securityholders will have 
recourse only to the Issuer. The NSC Guarantor will not guarantee any W&C Securities. 
17. 
What are the Reference Items to which my Securities may be linked? 
The interest and/or repayment/delivery terms of the Securities issued under this Programme may be linked to 
a number of different Reference Items (Reference Items), which may include: 
(a) 
a share (or a global depositary receipt or American depositary receipt or a preference share); 
(b) 
an equity index; 
(c) 
a commodity; 
(d) 
a commodity index; 
(e) 
a foreign exchange rate; 
(f) 
an interest rate; 
(g) 
a swap rate; 
(h) 
a fund (regulated or unregulated, mutual, exchange traded or hedge fund);

--- Page 121 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
121 
 
 
(i) 
an inflation index; 
(j) 
the credit of a reference entity or group of reference entities, including reference entities comprised in 
a credit index; 
(k) 
any other financial, economic or other measures or instruments including the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of any event or circumstance and credit events relating to one or more issuers or 
securities; 
(l) 
a series of preference shares (in the case of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities); 
(m) 
a basket of the above; or 
(n) 
any combination of any of the above. 
18. 
How is the value of my investment affected by the value of the underlying Reference Items? 
Where the Securities are Reference Item Linked Securities the value of the interest and/or redemption 
payments and/or cash settlement amount(s) and/or other amounts due in respect of the Securities and/or the 
timing and/or entitlement to such payments or amounts may be determined by reference to the value of the 
relevant Reference Items.  Set out below is a description of such linkage in respect of each type of Non-Exempt 
Interest N&C Securities, Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities and Non-Exempt W&C Securities.  
Investors should note that the value of the interest or redemption payments due under the Securities may be 
different from the value of the Securities if sold in the secondary market.  The value of the Securities if sold 
in the secondary market may reflect a number of variables and may be less (or substantially less) than the then 
value of any remaining payments or amounts that may become due under the relevant Securities.  Investors 
should review the risk factors generally, including those risk factors relating to Securities linked to the relevant 
Reference Item. 
Investors should note that the descriptions below are subject to certain powers and obligations that the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may have to early redeem and cancel the Securities or adjust the terms of the 
Securities (including, without limitation, (i) substituting or removing one or more of the Reference Item(s) to 
be valued, (ii) adjusting the dates for, approach to or substituting estimations for, such valuation(s) and (iii) 
the approach to calculation of any amount to be paid under the Securities).  Such powers arise on the occurrence 
of certain events in relation to the Securities or one or more of the relevant Reference Item(s).  Depending on 
the type of Reference Item these may include, amongst others, certain potential adjustment events, adjustment 
events, disruption events (including market disruption events), additional disruption events and extraordinary 
events. The Terms and Conditions may also permit the Issuer to early redeem and cancel the Securities for tax 
reasons, following a regulatory event or where the performance of the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's 
obligations have or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited.  Each of the redemption and 
cancellation and adjustment provisions discussed above are as further described in the Risk Factors section of 
this Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities which an investor should read 
carefully.  Where the Securities are early redeemed and cancelled, the amount an investor receives may be 
significantly less than the outstanding nominal amount of the Securities. 
(i) 
FX Fixed Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for FX Fixed Interest N&C Securities are two or more currencies.  These currencies are 
each of the Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency and, where applicable, any Currency Pair(s), (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate 
the interest payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to the relative 
performance of the Specified Currency and the Settlement Currency, as reflected by the spot rate of exchange 
between those currencies.  The Rate of Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date, in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.1.1 as 
completed by the information set out at paragraph 31 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purpose of calculating the Rate of Interest, and subject to the Calculation Agent's further discretion 
under N&C Securities Condition 22.1.1, the spot rate of exchange will be either (i) determined by reference to 
the relevant FX Price Source or (ii) where one or more Currency Pairs are specified on the applicable Final 
Terms, implied from the fixing rate of such Currency Pair(s), in each case, as published on the relevant FX

--- Page 122 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
122 
 
 
Price Source for such Currency Pair(s).  If the Fixed FX Interest N&C Security is specified as a Currency 1 
Fixed Rate N&C Security, if the Specified Currency increases in value against the Settlement Currency the 
Rate of Interest payable for that Coupon Period will be increased. 
If the Fixed FX Interest N&C Security is specified as a Currency 2 Fixed Rate N&C Security, if the Specified 
Currency increases in value against the Settlement Currency the Rate of Interest payable for that Coupon 
Period will be decreased. 
(ii) 
Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are the Shares in the relevant 
Share Basket.  The Shares in the Share Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest payments 
on Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are linked to the performance of those Shares. 
The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate the interest payable to an investor in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
22.1.2 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 31 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Such 
interest rate will depend on whether or not a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of the 
corresponding Observation Date. A Conditional Coupon Barrier Event occurs if the performance of the worst 
performing Share is less than or equal to a pre-determined level (the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Observation Date. If a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has not 
occurred, the Securities will pay a higher rate of interest (the Base Rate of Interest). If a Conditional Coupon 
Barrier Event has occurred the Securities will pay a lower rate of interest (the Floor Rate of Interest, which 
may be zero and if this is the case no interest will be payable in respect of any relevant Coupon Payment Date). 
The Base Rate of Interest and the Floor Rate of Interest are specified in the Final Terms as a fixed rate and are 
not linked to the performance of the Shares. 
(iii) 
Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are the Indices in the relevant Index 
Basket.  The Indices in the Index Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Interest payments on 
Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Indices. 
The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate the interest payable to an investor in respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date will be calculated in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
22.1.3 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 29 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms.   Such 
interest rate will depend on whether or not a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of the 
corresponding Observation Date. A Conditional Coupon Barrier Event occurs if the performance of the worst 
performing Index is less than or equal to a pre-determined level (the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Observation Date.  If a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a higher rate of interest will apply (the Base Rate of Interest). If a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event 
has occurred a lower rate of interest will apply (the Floor Rate of Interest, which may be zero and if this is the 
case no interest will be payable in respect of any Coupon Payment Date to which such rate applies).  The Base 
Rate of Interest and the Floor Rate of Interest are specified in the Final Terms, in each case as a fixed rate 
which is not linked to the performance of the relevant Indices. 
(iv) 
Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for the Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities are the interest rate(s) (i.e. each of the Floating 
Rate Options specified as the First Rate and the Second Rate (if any) and the fixed rate specified as the Third 
Rate (if any)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to 
calculate the interest payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to (a) 
the combined weighted performance of the Floating Rate Option(s) (subject to any First Rate Cap, Second 
Rate Cap, First Rate Floor or Second Rate Floor that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) plus (b) 
the fixed rate (in each case as specified) (i.e. the applicable Rates Performance) in accordance with the 
provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.1.4 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 33 of Part 
A of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 123 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
123 
 
 
Subject to the Cap and the Floor (as further described below) and any First Rate Cap, Second Rate Cap, First 
Rate Floor or Second Rate Floor, the greater the arithmetic combination of the weighted performance of the 
specified Floating Rate Option(s) (where specified) and any specified fixed rate, the higher the Rate 
Performances in respect of a Coupon Period and hence the higher the Rate of Interest payable for such Coupon 
Period.  The weighting of each of the First Rate and the Second Rate is achieved by multiplying (a) the relevant 
rate (as calculated by reference to the relevant specified Floating Rate Option (if any) and any applicable cap 
or floor) by (b) the applicable rate amount (i.e. the First Rate Amount or Second Rate Amount respectively).  
Where a First Rate and a Second Rate are specified and the First Rate Amount is greater than the Second Rate 
Amount, the first rate will have a proportionately greater effect on the Rate of Interest than the Second Rate 
and vice versa. 
In addition to any First Rate Cap, Second Rate Cap, First Rate Floor or Second Rate Floor that may apply to 
the First Rate and Second Rate respectively, the Rate of Interest for Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities is also 
subject to a Cap, which the Rate of Interest will not exceed, and a Floor which the Rate of Interest will not fall 
below, in each case regardless of the relevant Rates Performance.  Each of the Cap and the Floor will be a 
percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(v) 
Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities are (i) the Floating Rate Option(s) (i.e. each 
of the First Rate and the Second Rate (if any), (ii) the Range Day Rate (which, if Single Rate Determination, 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms will reflect the Floating Rate Option specified in respect of the Range 
Day Rate or, if Dual Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be calculated by 
reference to the Floating Rate Options specified in respect of Dual Rate 1 and Dual Rate 2) and (iii) the fixed 
rate (if any) (i.e. the Third Rate) in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Investors should note 
that the Range Day Rate and either Dual Rate 1 or Dual Rate 2 (in each case if applicable) may be the same as 
either the First Rate or the Second Rate.  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate the interest 
payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Floating Rate Option(s) and the specified fixed rate (if any) in accordance with the provisions of N&C 
Securities Condition 22.1.5 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 34 of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms and subject in each case to the relevant Rate of Interest Cap (if any) and Rate of Interest Floor. 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of a Coupon Period is calculated by multiplying (i) the Rates Performance for 
such Coupon Period (being the weighted combination of the rates calculated in respect of each of the First 
Rate and the Second Rate plus the Third Rate (if any)) by (ii) the Range Day Accrual Rate for such Coupon 
Period.  However, if the rate so calculated is greater than the Rate of Interest Cap (if any), the Rate of Interest 
will be the relevant Rate of Interest Cap or if the rate so calculated is less than the Rate of Interest Floor, the 
Rate of Interest will be the relevant Rate of Interest Cap.  The weighting of each of the First Rate and the 
Second Rate (where applicable) is achieved by multiplying the rate calculated for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option by the applicable rate amount (i.e. the First Rate Amount or Second Rate Amount respectively).  Where 
a First Rate and a Second Rate are specified and the First Rate Amount is greater than the Second Rate Amount, 
the first rate will have a proportionately greater effect on the Rate of Interest than the Second Rate and vice 
versa. 
 
If "Single Rate Observation Date" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Day 
Accrual Rate for a Coupon Period will either be (a) 1, if on the single Rate Observation Date for such Coupon 
Period the Range Day Rate was equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier and equal to or less than the Upper 
Barrier or (b) zero, if on the single Rate Observation Date for such Coupon Period the Range Day Rate was 
lower than the Lower Barrier or greater than the Upper Barrier.  This means that if on the Rate Observation 
Date for a Coupon Period the Range Day Rate was lower than the Lower Barrier or greater than the Upper 
Barrier no interest will be paid in respect of such Coupon Period (subject to any Rate of Interest Floor), 
notwithstanding the fact that on other days during the relevant Coupon Period the Range Day Rate may have 
been trading within the relevant range (i.e. between the Lower Barrier and Upper Barrier).

--- Page 124 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
124 
 
 
If "Single Rate Observation Date" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Range 
Day Accrual Rate for a Coupon Period is a rate expressed as a percentage which reflects the number of days 
in that Coupon Period in respect of which the Range Day Rate was equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier 
and equal to or less than the Upper Barrier which rate is determined by reference to the relevant Range Day 
Numerator and Range Day Denominator. Investors should note that, for the purpose of determining the Range 
Day Numerator, the Range Day Rate for each day in a Coupon Period from and including the specified Rate 
Cut-off Date will be deemed to be that for the Rate Cut-off Date. As such, the greater the total number of days 
within a Coupon Period on which the Range Day Rate is equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier and equal 
to or less than the Upper Barrier, the higher the Rate of Interest payable for such Coupon Period (the relevant 
Lower Barrier and Upper Barrier, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  Whether the days counted 
for such purpose are calendar days or Business Days will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Rates Performance for Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities is also subject to a cap (the relevant Rates 
Performance Cap), which the Rates Performance will never exceed, and a floor (the relevant Rates 
Performance Floor) which the Rates Performance will never fall below. Each of the Rate of Interest Cap (if 
any), the Rate of Interest Floor, the Rates Performance Cap and the Rates Performance Floor will be percentage 
rates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities are (i) the Floating Rate Option(s) (i.e. 
each of the First Rate and the Second Rate (if any), (ii) each of Range Day Rate 1 and Range Day Rate 2 and 
(iii) the fixed rate (if any) (i.e. the Third Rate) in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If Single 
Rate Determination, is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Range Day Rate, that Range Day 
Rate will reflect the Floating Rate Option specified in respect of that Range Day Rate or, if Dual Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Range Day Rate, that Range Day Rate 
will be calculated by reference to the Floating Rate Options specified in respect of Dual Rate 1 and Dual Rate 
2 for such Range Day Rate).  Investors should note that either Range Day Rate and either of Dual Rate 1 or 
Dual Rate 2 as specified in respect of either Range Day Rate (in each case if applicable) may be the same as 
either the First Rate or the Second Rate.  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate the interest 
payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Floating Rate Option(s) and the specified fixed rate (if any) in accordance with the provisions of N&C 
Securities Condition 22.1.6 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 35 of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms and subject in each case to the relevant Rate of Interest Cap (if any) and Rate of Interest Floor. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of a Coupon Period is calculated by multiplying (i) the Rates Performance for 
such Coupon Period (being the weighted combination of the rates calculated in respect of each of the First 
Rate and the Second Rate plus the Third Rate (if any)) by (ii) the Range Day Accrual Rate for such Coupon 
Period.  However, if the rate so calculated is greater than the Rate of Interest Cap (if any), the Rate of Interest 
will be the relevant Rate of Interest Cap or if the rate so calculated is less than the Rate of Interest Floor, the 
Rate of Interest will be the relevant Rate of Interest Cap.  The weighting of each of the First Rate and the 
Second Rate (where applicable) is achieved by multiplying the rate calculated for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option by the applicable rate amount (i.e. the First Rate Amount or Second Rate Amount respectively).  Where 
a First Rate and a Second Rate are specified and the First Rate Amount is greater than the Second Rate Amount, 
the first rate will have a proportionately greater effect on the Rate of Interest than the Second Rate and vice 
versa. 
If "Single Rate Observation Date" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Day 
Accrual Rate for a Coupon Period will either be (a) 1, if on the single Rate Observation Date for such Coupon 
Period both Range Day Rate 1 was equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less than its Upper 
Barrier and Range Day Rate 2 was equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less than its Upper 
Barrier or (b) otherwise, zero.  This means that if on the Rate Observation Date for a Coupon Period either (i) 
Range Day Rate 1 was lower than the Lower Barrier or greater than the Upper Barrier or (ii) Range Day Rate 
2 was lower than the Lower Barrier or greater than the Upper Barrier, or both such conditions are met, no 
interest will be paid in respect of such Coupon Period (subject to any Rate of Interest Floor), notwithstanding 
the fact that on other days during the relevant Coupon Period both such Range Day Rates may have been 
trading within their respective ranges (i.e. between their respective Lower Barriers and Upper Barriers).

--- Page 125 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
125 
 
 
If "Single Rate Observation Date" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Range 
Day Accrual Rate for a Coupon Period is a rate expressed as a percentage which reflects the number of days 
in that Coupon Period in respect of which both (i) Range Day Rate 1 was equal to or greater than its Lower 
Barrier and equal to or less than its Upper Barrier and (ii) Range Day Rate 2 was equal to or greater than its 
Lower Barrier and equal to or less than its Upper Barrier, which rate is determined by reference to the relevant 
Range Day Numerator and Range Day Denominator.  Investors should note that, for the purpose of determining 
the Range Day Numerator, each Range Day Rate for each day in a Coupon Period from and including the 
specified Rate Cut-off Date will be deemed to be the respective Range Day Rate for the Rate Cut-off Date. As 
such, the greater the total number of days within a Coupon Period in respect of which both Range Day Rate1 
and Range Day Rate 2 are equal to or greater than their respective Lower Barriers and equal to or less than 
their respective Upper Barriers, the higher the Rate of Interest payable for such Coupon Period (the relevant 
Lower Barriers and Upper Barriers, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  Whether the days counted 
for such purpose are calendar days or Business Days will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Rates Performance for Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities is also subject to a cap (the relevant 
Rates Performance Cap), which the Rates Performance will never exceed, and a floor (the relevant Rates 
Performance Floor) which the Rates Performance will never fall below. Each of the Rate of Interest Cap (if 
any), the Rate of Interest Floor, the Rates Performance Cap and the Rates Performance Floor will be percentage 
rates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities is the inflation index (i.e. the Index) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate the interest 
payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
Index in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.1.7 as completed by the information 
set out at paragraph 36 of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of a Coupon Period, the Rate of Interest will be calculated as the sum of (i) the Base Rate of Interest 
and (ii) subject to the Cap and the Floor (as further described below), the Leveraged Index Performance.   The 
Leveraged Index Performance is equal to the product of (i) the Leverage and (ii) the Index Performance minus 
the Strike.  The Index Performance in respect of any Coupon Period is calculated as the percentage change in 
value of the Index between (a) the month in which the "Initial Index Level" is taken for such Coupon Period 
and (b) the month in which the "Final Index Level" is taken for such Coupon Period (i.e. the relevant 
"Reference Month").  Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applying to the Securities in the applicable 
Final Terms, instead of observing the Index Level in a single Reference Month for the purposes of determining 
the Final Index Level for a Coupon Period, the Final Index Level will instead be calculated by observing the 
Index Level for Reference Month falling "x" months prior to the Coupon Accrual Date for the relevant Coupon 
Period ("x" being as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and then adjusting this Index Level to reflect the 
change in the Index Level over a further period occurring prior to the month in which the Coupon Accrual 
Date for the relevant Coupon Period falls.  The amount of such adjustment will be determined on the basis of 
the change in value of the Index between Reference Month "x" and a second Reference Month falling "y" 
months prior to the relevant Coupon Accrual Date ("y" also being as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the number of days in the period in respect of which such adjustment is required to be made, all in 
accordance with the formula set out for such purpose in N&C Securities Condition 22.1.7. 
The Leverage and the Strike will be a number expressed as a percentage and will be specified in paragraph 36 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
The Leveraged Index Performance is subject to a Cap (being a specified percentage that the Leveraged Index 
Performance will never exceed), and a Floor (being a specified percentage that the Leveraged Index 
Performance will never fall below).   As such, the Rate of Interest will never be less than the Base Rate of 
Interest plus the Floor and will never be greater than the Base Rate of Interest plus the Cap.  Both the Cap and 
the Floor will be specified in paragraph 36 of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
(viii) 
Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for the Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities are the swap rate(s) (i.e. each of the 
Floating Rate Options specified as a Single Swap Rate, First Swap Rate and Second Swap Rate (in each case,

--- Page 126 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
126 
 
 
if any)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The interest rate (i.e. the Rate of Interest) used to calculate 
the interest payable to an investor in respect of each Coupon Period is calculated by reference to either: 
(a) 
if "Single Swap Rate Determination" is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period, the relevant 
Single Swap Rate, provided that such interest rate will not be greater than any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or less than any Minimum Rate of Interest specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if "Dual Swap Rate Determination" is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period, the relevant 
Swap Rate Performance, provided that such interest rate will not be greater than any Maximum Rate 
of Interest or less than any Minimum Rate of Interest specified in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Period in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
if "Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination" is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Period, the relevant Swap Rate Performance, provided that such interest rate will not be greater than 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or less than any Minimum Rate of Interest specified in respect of the 
relevant Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.1.8 as completed by the 
information set out at paragraph 37 of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Dual Swap Rate Determination, the relevant Swap Rate Performance for a Coupon Period will 
be determined as the sum of (i) the rate determined in respect of the relevant First Swap Rate, (ii) the rate 
determined in respect of the relevant Second Swap Rate as multiplied by the applicable leverage factor (LF1) 
and (iii) the relevant Rate Deduction Factor as multiplied by the applicable leverage factor (LF2).  Leverage 
factors LF1 and LF2 are as specified in respect of each Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms.  The First 
Swap Rate and Second Swap Rate shall not be greater than any First Swap Rate Cap or Second Swap Rate 
Cap (respectively) nor less than any First Swap Rate Floor or Second Swap Rate Floor (respectively), in each 
case as specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period but will otherwise be determined on the basis of 
ISDA determination in accordance with the relevant Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant First Swap Rate and Second Swap Rate 
(as applicable).  Note that where leverage factors LF1 or LF2 have negative values, this will have the effect of 
reducing the Rate of Interest payable on the Securities (subject to any Minimum Rate of Interest that may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
In the case of Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination, the relevant Swap Rate Performance for a 
Coupon Period will be determined as (i) the rate determined in respect of the relevant First Swap Rate minus 
(ii) the rate determined in respect of the relevant Second Swap Rate minus (iii) the relevant Rate Deduction 
Factor.  The First Swap Rate and Second Swap Rate shall not be greater than any First Swap Rate Cap or 
Second Swap Rate Cap (respectively) nor less than any First Swap Rate Floor or Second Swap Rate Floor 
(respectively), in each case as specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period but will otherwise be 
determined on the basis of ISDA determination in accordance with the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant First 
Swap Rate and Second Swap Rate (as applicable).   
(ix) 
FX Redemption N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for FX Redemption N&C Securities are the currencies that constitute the Currency Pair(s) 
and, where applicable, any Alternate Currency Pair(s) (in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the FX Redemption N&C Securities is 
calculated by reference to the relative performance of the currencies in each such Currency Pair as determined 
by reference to the spot rate of exchange between those currencies (reflected in the Settlement Rate for the 
relevant Currency Pair). The Final Redemption Amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, all in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
22.2.1 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 31 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. For the 
purpose of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Settlement Rate for each Currency Pair will (subject 
to the Calculation Agent's further discretion under N&C Securities Condition 22.2.1) be either (i) determined 
by reference to the fixing rate for such Currency Pair as published on the relevant FX Price Source for such 
Currency Pair or (ii) where two or more Alternate Currency Pairs are specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 127 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
127 
 
 
implied from the fixing rate for each such Alternate Currency Pair, in each case, as published on the relevant 
FX Price Source for each such Alternate Currency Pair. 
FX Redemption N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
Subject to the Floor (as discussed further below), the Final Redemption Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the specified Calculation Amount for the Securities by the leveraged weighted sum of the changes 
in value of the Settlement Rate for each Currency Pair relative to the specified Strike Rate for such Currency 
Pair.  Where the leverage is specified to be 100 per cent, the application of the leverage to the weighted sum 
of the changes in value will have no effect on the Final Redemption Amount.  The weighting and Strike Rate 
for each Currency Pair and the Leverage are all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Floor is a 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Final Redemption Amount will not be less than the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the Floor. 
The approach to calculation of the change in value of the Settlement Rate relative to the applicable Strike Rate 
and the effect that this will have on the Final Redemption Amount will depend on the respective specifications 
of X, Y and Z in the applicable Final Terms.  
(a) 
Where Xi means Strike Rate, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Settlement Rate, any increase in 
the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the applicable Floor. Any decrease in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a 
positive effect on the Final Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Where Xi means Settlement Rate, Yi means Strike Rate and Zi means Settlement Rate, any decrease 
in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the applicable Floor. Any increase in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a 
positive effect on the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Where Xi means Strike Rate, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Strike Rate, any increase in the 
Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the applicable Floor. Any decrease in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a 
positive effect on the Final Redemption Amount. 
(d) 
Where Xi means Settlement Rate, Yi means Strike Rate and Zi means Strike Rate, any decrease in the 
Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the applicable Floor. Any increase in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a 
positive effect on the Final Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Where Xi means Strike Rate, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means 1, any increase in the Settlement 
Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, subject to the 
applicable Floor. Any decrease in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive effect 
on the Final Redemption Amount. 
(f) 
Where Xi means Settlement Rate, Yi means Strike Rate and Zi means 1, any decrease in the Settlement 
Rate of a Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Final Redemption Amount, subject to the 
applicable Floor. Any increase in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive effect on 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
Where more than one Currency Pair is specified in the applicable Final Terms, as above, the Final Redemption 
Amount will reflect the weighted sum of the changes in value of all Currency Pairs.  As such, whilst the value 
of the Settlement Rate of a particular Currency Pair may have a positive or negative effect on the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount will ultimately reflect the combined weighted sum of the 
changes in value for all of the Currency Pairs. 
(x) 
Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities are two currencies.  These 
currencies are each of the Specified Currency and the Settlement Currency (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms).  The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the Fixed 
Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities is calculated by reference to the relative performance of the

--- Page 128 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
128 
 
 
Specified Currency and the Settlement Currency, as reflected by the spot rate of exchange between those 
currencies and applying such spot rate to the Base Final Redemption Amount applicable to each nominal 
amount or unit of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount.  The Final Redemption Amount will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, in accordance with the 
provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.2.12 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 31 of 
Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, and subject to the Calculation Agent's further 
discretion under N&C Securities Condition 22.2.12, the spot rate of exchange will be determined by reference 
to the relevant FX Price Source(s). 
If the Specified Currency decreases in value against the Settlement Currency in respect of Fixed Denomination 
FX Redemption N&C Security, the Final Redemption Amount payable for that Fixed Denomination FX 
Redemption N&C Security will be less than would otherwise be the case. 
 
(xi) 
Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities are the Shares in the relevant Share Basket. 
The Shares in the Share Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. The method of calculation of the 
Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, linked to the 
performance of the relevant Shares, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.2 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 30 of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by reference 
to the performance of the worst performing Share on the Final Valuation Date. 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Share, the Final Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the relevant 
Securities. 
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Share, the investor will participate 
in the downside performance of such worst performing Share, the Final Redemption Amount being 
calculated by multiplying the nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst 
performing Share between the relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date. Where 
this is the case, an investor will lose part and may lose all of their invested capital. 
A Knock-In Event occurs in respect of a Share if the value of the worst performing Share is equal to or less 
than the Knock-In Level at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date.  The Knock-In Level for each 
Share is calculated as the closing price of such Share on the relevant Initial Valuation Date multiplied by the 
applicable Knock-In Percentage.  The Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and the applicable 
Knock-In Percentage are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Securities. 
(xii) 
Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities are the Shares in the relevant Share 
Basket. The Shares in the Share Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. The method of calculation 
of the Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, linked to the 
performance of the relevant Shares, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.3 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 30 of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the performance of the worst performing Share on the Final Valuation Date and the amount 
payable is dependent on (i) whether a Knock-In Event has occurred and (ii) if a Knock-In Event has occurred, 
whether the performance of the worst performing Share is above or below a pre-determined level (the Barrier 
Level specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 129 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
129 
 
 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Share, the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security. 
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Share, but the performance of 
such worst performing Share is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount per 
Security. 
(c) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the performance of the worst performing Share is less than the 
Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, the investor will participate in the downside performance 
of such worst performing Share, the Final Redemption Amount being calculated by multiplying the 
nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst performing Share between the 
relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date. Where this is the case, the investor will 
lose part and may lose all of their invested capital. 
Subject to the applicable disruption provisions, a Knock-In Event occurs if the price of any Share is, at any 
time during the regular trading session hours of the applicable Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-In Determination Period, equal to or less than the Knock-In Level for such Share. The Knock-In Level 
for each Share is calculated as the closing price of such Share on the relevant Initial Valuation Date multiplied 
by the applicable Knock-In Percentage. The Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and the applicable 
Knock-In Percentage are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Securities. 
(xiii) 
Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities are the Shares in the relevant 
Share Basket.  The Shares in the Share Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The method of 
calculation of the Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, 
linked to the performance of the relevant Shares, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C 
Securities Condition 22.2.4 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 30 of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Each Equity Basket Bonus Barrier N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the performance of the worst performing Share on the Final Valuation Date and the amount 
payable is dependent on (i) whether a Knock-In Event has occurred and (ii) if a Knock-In Event has occurred, 
whether the performance of the worst performing Share is above or below a pre-determined level (the Barrier 
Level specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Share, the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security plus a bonus amount calculated by reference to the Participation Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.   
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Share, but the performance of 
such worst performing Share is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount per 
Security.  
(c) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the performance of the worst performing Share is less than the 
Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, the investor will participate in the downside performance 
of such worst performing Share, the Final Redemption Amount being calculated by multiplying the 
nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst performing Share between the 
relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date Where this is the case, the investor will 
lose part and may lose all of their invested capital. 
A Knock-In Event occurs in respect of a Share if the value of the worst performing Share is less than the 
Knock-In Level at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date. The Final Valuation Date, the Initial 
Valuation Date and the applicable Knock-In Level are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant 
Securities.

--- Page 130 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
130 
 
 
(xiv) 
Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities are the Indices in the relevant Index Basket. 
The Indices in the Index Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. The method of calculation of the 
Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, linked to the 
performance of the relevant Indices, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.5 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 29 of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Index Basket Knock-In N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by reference 
to the performance of the worst performing Index on the Final Valuation Date. 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Index, the Final Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the relevant 
Securities. 
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Index, the investor will participate 
in the downside performance of such worst performing Index, the Final Redemption Amount being 
calculated by multiplying the nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst 
performing Index between the relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date. Where 
this is the case, an investor will lose part and may lose all of their invested capital. 
A Knock-In Event occurs in respect of an Index if the value of the worst performing Index is equal to or less 
than the Knock-In Level at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date.  The Knock-In Level for each 
Index is calculated as the closing level of such Index on the relevant Initial Valuation Date multiplied by the 
applicable Knock-In Percentage.  The Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and the applicable 
Knock-In Percentage are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Securities. 
(xv) 
Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities are the Indices in the relevant Index 
Basket. The Indices in the Index Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. The method of calculation 
of the Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, linked to the 
performance of the relevant Indices, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.6 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 29 of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Each Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the performance of the worst performing Index on the Final Valuation Date and the amount 
payable is dependent on (i) whether a Knock-In Event has occurred and (ii) if a Knock-In Event has occurred, 
whether the performance of the worst performing Index is above or below a pre-determined level (the Barrier 
Level specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Index, the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security. 
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Index, but the performance of 
such worst performing Index is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount per 
Security. 
(c) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the performance of the worst performing Index is less than the 
Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, the investor will participate in the downside performance 
of such worst performing Index, the Final Redemption Amount being calculated by multiplying the 
nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst performing Index between the 
relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date.  Where this is the case, the investor will 
lose part and may lose all of their invested capital.

--- Page 131 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
131 
 
 
A Knock-In Event occurs in respect of an Index if the value of the worst performing Index is equal to or less 
than the Knock-In Level at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date.  The Knock-In Level for each 
Index is calculated as the closing level of such Index on the relevant Initial Valuation Date multiplied by the 
applicable Knock-In Percentage.  The Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and the applicable 
Knock-In Percentage are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Securities. 
(xvi) 
Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities are the Indices in the relevant 
Index Basket.  The Indices in the Index Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The method of 
calculation of the Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is, and the amount of such payment may be, 
linked to the performance of the relevant Indices, in each case in accordance with the provisions of N&C 
Securities Condition 22.2.7 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 29 of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Each Index Basket Bonus Barrier N&C Security will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount. The method of calculation of the Final Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to the performance of the worst performing Index on the Final Valuation Date and the amount 
payable is dependent on (i) whether a Knock-In Event has occurred and (ii) if a Knock-In Event has occurred, 
whether the performance of the worst performing Index is above or below a pre-determined level (the Barrier 
Level specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
(a) 
If a Knock-In Event (as further described below) has not occurred in respect of the worst performing 
Index, the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security plus a bonus amount calculated by reference to the Participation Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.   
(b) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred in respect of the worst performing Index, but the performance of 
such worst performing Index is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable to an investor will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount per 
Security.  
(c) 
If a Knock-In Event has occurred and the performance of the worst performing Index is less than the 
Barrier Level on the Final Valuation Date, the investor will participate in the downside performance 
of such worst performing Index, the Final Redemption Amount being calculated by multiplying the 
nominal amount of the Securities by the performance of the worst performing Index between the 
relevant Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date. Where this is the case, the investor will 
lose part and may lose all of their invested capital. 
A Knock-In Event occurs in respect of an Index if the value of the worst performing Index is less than the 
Knock-In Level at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date.  The Final Valuation Date, the Initial 
Valuation Date and the applicable Knock-In Level are all as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant 
Securities. 
(xvii) 
Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities are the Shares in the relevant Share Basket.  
The Shares in the Share Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless the Securities have been 
previously redeemed or cancelled, the Securities will be automatically redeemed prior to the maturity at an 
early redemption amount if an Autocall Event occurs in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.8 as such Condition is completed by the information set out at paragraph 30 of Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms. The determination of the Autocall Event is linked to the performance of the relevant 
Shares. An Autocall Event occurs if the performance of the worst performing Share is equal to or greater than 
a pre-determined level (the Autocall Level specified in the applicable Final Terms) on any of the specified 
Observation Dates. Where an Autocall Event has occurred the early redemption amount payable in respect of 
the Securities is equal to: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified to be Fixed Autocall N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms, 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount per Security; or

--- Page 132 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
132 
 
 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified to be Uplift Autocall N&C Securities, 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security plus an additional percentage equal to the specified Autocall Rate. 
The early termination amount payable is not calculated by reference to the performance of the relevant Shares.  
Where no Autocall Event occurs, and subject to any other prior termination in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, the Securities will redeem at the Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
(xviii) Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities are the Indices in the relevant Index Basket. 
The Indices in the Index Basket are specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless the Securities have been 
previously redeemed or cancelled, the Securities will be automatically redeemed prior to the maturity at an 
early redemption amount if an Autocall Event occurs in accordance with the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.9 as such Condition is completed by the information set out paragraph 29 of Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms. The determination of the Autocall Event is linked to the performance of the relevant 
Indices. An Autocall Event occurs if the performance of the worst performing Index is equal to or greater than 
a pre-determined level (the Autocall Level specified in the applicable Final Terms) on any of the specified 
Observation Dates. Where an Autocall Event has occurred the early redemption amount payable in respect of 
the Securities is equal to: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified to be Fixed Autocall N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms, 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount per Security; or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified to be Uplift Autocall N&C Securities, 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount per Security plus an additional percentage equal to the specified Autocall Rate. 
The early termination amount payable is not calculated by reference to the performance of the relevant Indices. 
Where no Autocall Event occurs, and subject to any other prior termination in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, the Securities will redeem at the Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
(xix) 
Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities is the credit of the 
Reference Entity specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Whether or not the Final Redemption Amount is 
payable in respect of Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities will depend on whether or 
not a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Reference Entity as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms specified in N&C Securities Condition 22.2.15 as completed 
by the information set out at paragraph 32 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the N&C Securities will be discharged on the Credit Event Redemption Date, no redemption or 
other amounts shall be payable in respect of such discharge and the Issuer will have no further liability or 
obligation in respect of the N&C Securities.  In such circumstances an investor will lose the full value of 
its investment. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred in respect of the Reference Entity, on or prior to the 
Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities will be the relevant Calculation Amount. 
(xx) 
Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for the Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities are the credit of the 
Reference Entities in the applicable basket, which may be determined by reference to a credit index, each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount payable following the redemption of 
the Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities is the nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date. The Outstanding Nominal Amount is calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms specified in N&C Securities Condition 22.2.10 as 
completed by the information set out at paragraph 32 or 36, as applicable, of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 133 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
133 
 
 
If (i) the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to a Reference Entity (in the case of Securities to 
which Annex 7 applies) or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a Reference Entity 
(in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies), the Outstanding Nominal Amount will be reduced, in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, proportionally to the weighting of the Reference Entity in the 
basket.  Investors will receive no payment in respect of such reduction.  The basket of Reference Entities and 
their respective weightings which may refer to or be based on a credit index will be set out in paragraph 32 or 
36, as applicable, of Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  Investors should note further that the Outstanding 
Nominal Amount of the Securities is also used for the purpose of calculation of interest.  As such, following 
any reduction in the Outstanding Nominal Amount, any interest payments due in respect of the Securities will 
also be reduced. 
If the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied (in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies) or 
a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred (in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies), in 
either case, for any Reference Entity on the Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities 
will be the relevant Calculation Amount. 
In the event the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, the Final Redemption Amount will be zero, 
no further interest payments will be payable in respect of the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the N&C Securities will be discharged and the Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof. 
(xxi) 
Auction to Cash Settled Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Auction to Cash Settled Credit Linked N&C Securities is the credit of the Reference 
Entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred in 
respect of the Reference Entity on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C 
Securities will be the relevant Calculation Amount. 
If a Credit Event does occur in respect of the Reference Entity and the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and either Auction Settlement or (as a fallback) Cash Settlement 
applies, the Issuer will redeem the N&C Securities at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of the 
N&C Securities on the Credit Event Redemption Date.  Where the Credit Event Determination Date is 
specified to occur on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date then maturity of the Credit Linked Securities may 
be delayed until the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Securities, notwithstanding that this may occur a 
significant time following the occurrence of the Credit Event and no further interest will be payable in this 
period. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked N&C 
Security. Investors should note that any shortfall shall be borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
(xxii) Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The Reference Items for the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities are the credit of the 
Reference Entities comprising the Index as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption 
Amount payable following the redemption of the Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities is 
the nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date. The 
Outstanding Nominal Amount is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms specified 
in N&C Securities Condition 22.2.16 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 32 or 36, as 
applicable, of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a Reference Entity, the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount will be reduced, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, by the Aggregate Reduction Amount 
if the aggregate of all the Loss Percentages is greater than the Tranche Attachment Level.  Investors will 
receive no payment in respect of such reduction.  The Index which is comprised of the Reference Entities, the 
Tranche Attachment Level, the Tranche Detachment Level and the Tranche Width will be set out in paragraph 
32 or 36, as applicable, of Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  Investors should note further that the Outstanding

--- Page 134 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
134 
 
 
Nominal Amount of the N&C Securities is also used for the purpose of calculation of interest.  As such, 
following any reduction in the Outstanding Nominal Amount, any interest payments due in respect of the N&C 
Securities will also be reduced. 
In the event the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, the Final Redemption Amount will be zero, 
no further interest payments will be payable in respect of the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the N&C Securities will be discharged and the Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof. 
(xxiii) Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities is the Share specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount for the Securities is linked to the performance of the relevant 
Share.  The amount of any coupon payments payable under the Securities will be determined by reference to 
any dividends paid in respect of that Share. All such determinations will be made in accordance with the 
provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.2.11 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 30 of 
Part A of the applicable Final Terms. The intention of the Securities is to generate a return in the Specified 
Currency similar to a holding of the relevant Share converted into the Specified Currency where relevant.  
In accordance with Condition 22.2.11, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of 
N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will be equal to the Final Price multiplied by the applicable 
exchange rate less any Costs as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 22.2.11. As such, subject to the terms of Condition 22.2.11 (including, inter alia, the deduction of 
the applicable Costs and the effect of any dividends paid (see further below)), where the value of the underlying 
Share increases, the value of the Final Redemption Amount should increase and where the value of the 
underlying Share decreases, the value of the Final Redemption Amount should decrease. Where a cash 
dividend is declared in respect of the underlying Share by the relevant share issuer such that any holder of such 
Share would be entitled to receive that cash dividend during the term of the N&C Securities (as further detailed 
in Condition 22.2.11), a coupon amount will be paid in respect of the Securities equal to the amount of such 
cash dividend declared in relation to one Share converted into the Specified Currency where relevant less those 
applicable withholding taxes (if any) and other expenses or deductions as further described in paragraph (b) of 
Condition 22.2.11. 
(xxiv) Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities is the Reference Swap 
Rate (as determined by reference to the specified Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the 
Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities will vary depending on whether the level of the 
Reference Swap Rate on the specified Valuation Date is above or below the specified Barrier, all in accordance 
with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 22.2.13 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 
38 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms.  If the rate determined in respect of the Reference Swap Rate on 
the Valuation Date is less than the relevant Barrier, the Final Redemption Amount will be determined by 
multiplying (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the N&C Securities by (ii) the percentage change in value 
of the Reference Swap Rate between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date (provided that the Final 
Redemption Amount will never be less than zero).  If the rate determined in respect of the Reference Swap 
Rate on the Valuation Date is equal to or above the relevant Barrier, the Final Redemption Amount will be 
determined by multiplying (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the N&C Securities by (ii) the specified 
Redemption Factor.  As such, the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities will only reflect the 
performance of the Reference Swap Rate if the level of the Reference Swap Rate on the specified Valuation 
Date is below the specified Barrier. 
(xxv) 
Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities is the Reference Swap Rate (as 
determined by reference to the specified Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the Geared Put 
Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities will vary depending on whether the level of the Reference Swap Rate 
on the specified Valuation Date is above or below the Barrier, all in accordance with the provisions of N&C

--- Page 135 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
135 
 
 
Securities Condition 22.2.14 as completed by the information set out at paragraph 39 of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms.  If the rate determined in respect of the Reference Swap Rate on the Valuation Date is less than 
the relevant Barrier, the Final Redemption Amount will be determined by multiplying (i) the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the N&C Securities by (ii) the performance of the Reference Swap Rate as adjusted to 
reflect the relevant Gearing Factor (subject to a minimum Final Redemption Amount of zero).  The adjusted 
performance of Reference Swap Rate will be determined by reference to the initial and final values for the 
Reference Swap Rate (Swap RateINITIAL and Swap RateFINAL respectively) and the relevant Gearing Factor as 
further described in N&C Securities Condition 22.2.14.  Swap RateFINAL will be as determined on the relevant 
Valuation Date.  If the rate determined in respect of the Reference Swap Rate on the Valuation Date is equal 
to or above the relevant Barrier, the Final Redemption Amount will be determined by multiplying (i) the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the N&C Securities by (ii) the specified Redemption Factor.  As such, the Final 
Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities will only reflect the performance of the Reference Swap Rate if 
the level of the Reference Swap Rate on the specified Valuation Date is below the Barrier.  The Barrier is a 
rate calculated by multiplying (i) the initial value of the Reference Swap Rate (Swap RateINITIAL) by (ii) the 
specified Barrier Factor. 
(xxvi) FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities 
The Reference Items for FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities are the currencies that constitute the Currency 
Pairs in the basket and, where applicable, any Alternate Currency Pair(s) (in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). The Cash Settlement Amount payable following due exercise of each FX Basket 
Knock-Out W&C Security is determined by reference to the relative performance of the currencies in each 
Currency Pair in the basket of Currency Pairs. Such relative performance is determined by reference to the 
spot rate of exchange between those currencies (reflected in the Settlement Rate for the relevant Currency 
Pair). Both the relative performance of the relevant currencies and the Cash Settlement Amount are determined 
in accordance with the formula specified in W&C Securities Condition 18.1 as completed by the information 
set out at paragraph 24 of Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purpose of:  
(i) 
determining whether the Continuous Knock-Out Condition has been met at any relevant time; and  
(ii) 
where such Continuous Knock-Out Condition has been met, calculating the Cash Settlement Amount,  
the Settlement Rate (at any time), in each in respect of a Currency Pair will (subject to the Calculation Agent's 
further discretion under W&C Securities Condition 18.1) be either (i) determined by reference to the fixing 
rate for such Currency Pair as published on the relevant FX Price Source for such Currency Pair at any relevant 
time or (ii) where one or more Alternate Currency Pairs are specified in the applicable Final Terms, implied 
from the fixing rate for each such Alternate Currency Pair.  
If the Continuous Knock-Out Condition (see further below) has been met, the Cash Settlement Amount will 
be zero.  If the Continuous Knock-Out Condition has not been met, the Cash Settlement Amount will be 
calculated by reference to the Exercise Price and the Settlement Rate for each Currency Pair in accordance 
with the formula specified in W&C Securities Condition 18.1.  Where more than one Currency Pair is 
specified, the formula will produce a leveraged weighted sum of the relevant calculations across all Currency 
Pairs.  Where the leverage is specified to be 100 per cent. the application of the leverage to the weighted 
average will have no effect on the Cash Settlement Amount.  The weighting and the Exercise Price for each 
Currency Pair and the Leverage are all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Continuous Knock-Out Condition has not been met at any point during the relevant observation period: 
(a) 
where (i) Xi means Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Settlement Rate, (ii) Xi 
means Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Exercise Price, and (iii) Xi means 
Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means 1, any increase in the Settlement Rate of a 
Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. Any decrease in the 
Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
where (i) if Xi means Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means Settlement Rate, (ii) Xi 
means Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means Exercise Price, and (iii) Xi means 
Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means 1, any decrease in the Settlement Rate of a

--- Page 136 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
136 
 
 
Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount, subject to a minimum Cash 
Settlement Amount of zero. Any increase in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive 
effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. 
Where more than one Currency Pair is specified in the applicable Final Terms, as above, the Cash Settlement 
Amount will reflect the weighted average of all Currency Pairs.  As such, whilst the value of the Settlement 
Rate of a particular Currency Pair may have either a positive or negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount, 
the Cash Settlement Amount will ultimately reflect the combined weighted figures for all Currency Pairs. 
Prospective investors should note that any payments made under the FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities 
will be subject to the deduction of any applicable Exercise Expenses.  
The observation period for the Continuous Knock-Out Condition commences at 7:00 am London time on the 
specified Barrier Start Date and ends at 4:00 pm London time on the specified Observation Cut-Off Date. The 
Continuous Knock-Out Condition is met in respect of the Securities if, during this observation period, at any 
time on any Observation Date during any Weekly Observation Interval the Settlement Rate of any specified 
Currency Pair is equal to or less than the Knock-Out Level specified in respect of such Currency Pair. The 
Barrier Start Date, Observation Cut-off Date, Observation Dates and the applicable Knock-Out Level for each 
Currency Pair are each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(xxvii) FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities 
The Reference Items for FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities are the currencies that constitute the Currency 
Pairs in the basket and, where applicable, any Alternate Currency Pair(s) (in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). The Cash Settlement Amount payable following due exercise of each FX Basket 
Knock-In W&C Security is determined by reference to the relative performance of the currencies in each 
Currency Pair in the basket of Currency Pairs. Such relative performance is determined by reference to the 
spot rate of exchange between those currencies (as reflected in the Settlement Rate for the relevant Currency 
Pair). Both the relative performance of the relevant currencies and the Cash Settlement Amount are determined 
in accordance with the formula specified in W&C Securities Condition 18.2 as completed by the information 
set out at paragraph 24 of Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purpose of: (i) determining whether the Continuous Knock-In Condition has been met at any relevant 
time; and (ii) where such Continuous Knock-In Condition has been met, calculating the Cash Settlement 
Amount, the Settlement Rate (at any time) in respect of a Currency Pair will (subject to the Calculation Agent's 
further discretion under W&C Securities Condition 18.2) be either (i) determined by reference to the fixing 
rate for such Currency Pair as published on the relevant FX Price Source for such Currency Pair at any relevant 
time or (ii) where one or more Alternate Currency Pairs are specified in the applicable Final Terms, implied 
from the fixing rate for each such Alternate Currency Pair.  
If the Continuous Knock-In Condition has not been met, the Cash Settlement Amount will be zero.  If the 
Continuous Knock-In Condition has been met, the Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated by reference to 
the Exercise Price and the Settlement Rate for each Currency Pair in accordance with the formula specified in 
W&C Securities Condition 18.2.  Where more than one Currency Pair is specified, the formula will produce 
as leveraged weighted average across all Currency Pairs.  Where the leverage is specified to be 100 per cent. 
the application of the leverage to the weighted average will have no effect on the Cash Settlement Amount.  
The weighting and the Exercise Price for each Currency Pair and the Leverage are all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Continuous Knock-In Condition has been met: 
(a) 
where (i) Xi means Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Settlement Rate, (ii) Xi 
means Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means Exercise Price, and (iii) Xi means 
Exercise Price, Yi means Settlement Rate and Zi means 1, any increase in the Settlement Rate of a 
Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. Any decrease in the 
Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
where (i) Xi means Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means Settlement Rate, (ii) Xi 
means Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means Exercise Price, and (iii) Xi means 
Settlement Rate, Yi means Exercise Price and Zi means 1, any decrease in the Settlement Rate of a

--- Page 137 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
137 
 
 
Currency Pair will have a negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount, subject to a minimum Cash 
Settlement Amount of zero. Any increase in the Settlement Rate of a Currency Pair will have a positive 
effect on the Cash Settlement Amount. 
Where more than one Currency Pair is specified in the applicable Final Terms, as above, the Cash Settlement 
Amount will reflect the weighted average of all Currency Pairs.  As such, whilst the value of the Settlement 
Rate of a particular Currency Pair may have either a positive or negative effect on the Cash Settlement Amount, 
the Cash Settlement Amount will ultimately reflect the combined weighted figures for all Currency Pairs. 
Prospective investors should note that any payments made under the FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities 
will be subject to the deduction of any applicable Exercise Expenses.  
The observation period for the Continuous Knock-In Condition commences at 7:00 am London time on the 
specified Trade Date and ends at 4:00 pm London time on the specified Observation Cut-Off Date.  The 
Continuous Knock-In Condition is met in respect of the Securities if, during this observation period, at any 
time on any Observation Date during any Weekly Observation Interval the Settlement Rate of any specified 
Currency Pair is equal to or greater than the Knock-In Level specified in respect of such Currency Pair.  The 
Trade Date, Observation Cut-Off Date, Observation Dates and the applicable Knock-In Level for each 
Currency Pair are as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(xxviii) Equity Delta One W&C Securities 
The Reference Item for Equity Delta One Redemption W&C Securities is the Share specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The amount of the Cash Settlement Amount payment for the Securities is linked to the 
performance of the relevant Share.  The amount of any coupon payments payable under the Securities will be 
determined by reference to any dividends paid in respect of that Share. All such determination will be made in 
accordance with the provisions of W&C Securities Condition 18.3 as completed by the information set out at 
paragraph 23 of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. The intention of the Securities is to generate a return 
similar to a holding of the relevant Share.  
In accordance with Condition 18.3, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of each W&C Security is calculated 
by reference to the Final Price multiplied by the applicable exchange rate less any Costs as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 18.3. As such, subject to the terms of 
Condition 18.3 (including, inter alia, the deduction of the applicable Costs and the effect of any dividends paid 
(see further below)), where the value of the underlying Share increases, the value of the Cash Settlement 
Amount should increase and where the value of the underlying Share decreases, the value of the Cash 
Settlement Amount should decrease. Where a cash dividend is declared in respect of the underlying Share the 
relevant share issuer such that any holder of such Share would be entitled to receive that cash dividend during 
the term of the W&C Securities (as further described in Condition 18.3) a coupon amount will be paid in 
respect of the Securities equal to the amount of such cash dividend declared in relation to one Share less those 
applicable withholding taxes (if any) and other expenses or deductions as further described in paragraph (b) of 
Condition 18.3. 
19. 
Is the market value and interest and amount payable or deliverable in respect of my Securities 
subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantors? 
Yes. You will have no recourse to the Reference Item(s), so you will be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer 
and if the Securities are Guaranteed Securities, the relevant Guarantor. The market value of the Securities will 
not only be affected by the value of the Reference Item(s), but will also depend in part on the credit rating of 
the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (if any). 
20. 
If my Securities are linked to a Reference Item, will I have recourse to that asset if the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if any) default? 
No. The Securities are linked to the performance of the Reference Item, but there is no obligation on the Issuer 
or if the Securities are Guaranteed Securities, the Guarantor to hold the Reference Item. Even if the Issuer or 
if the Securities are Guaranteed Securities, the Guarantor does hold the Reference Item, it will not be 
segregated from the other assets of the Issuer or, if the Securities are Guaranteed Securities, the Guarantor for 
the benefit of the holders of Securities.

--- Page 138 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
138 
 
 
21. 
Who calculates the amounts payable to me? 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, Nomura International plc will act as the Calculation 
Agent in respect of Securities and in such capacity, will determine the performance levels of the Reference 
Item(s) on specified valuation dates and will determine any interest amounts and the redemption amounts 
and/or physical settlement amounts payable or deliverable by the Issuer in respect of such Securities. In the 
event that a disruption event has occurred in respect of a Reference Item on a specified valuation date which 
renders it impossible or impractical for the Calculation Agent to make a determination on such date, the 
valuation may be postponed to an alternative date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
In the event your Securities are redeemed or cancelled early because of an Extraordinary Event (these are 
described in the terms and conditions of the Securities), the Calculation Agent will determine the early payment 
amount of your Securities.  This may be based in some cases on its determining the fair market value of your 
Securities and deducting certain costs. 
22. 
What are Index Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be calculated by reference to the performance of an index or a basket of indices over a fixed period of 
time or on fixed dates.  Such Securities are known as Index Linked Securities. 
An index is a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets or reference bases representing a particular market, 
or portion of it and each such index has its own calculation methodology and is usually expressed in terms of 
a level or a change from a base value. 
There are three types of such indices that are referenced by Securities: (i) a unitary equity index, where the 
underlying shares trade on a single stock exchange and the level of such index is published on a recognised 
information service; (ii) a multi-exchange equity index, where the underlying shares trade on more than one 
stock exchange and the level of such index is published on a recognised information service, and (iii) a 
proprietary index, where the level of such index is calculated by the entity that owns and sponsors such index 
and information on it may only be available from that sponsor. A Nomura Group entity may be the sponsor of 
an index. 
23. 
What are Equity Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be calculated by reference to the performance of a share or a basket of shares (or to American depositary 
receipts or global depositary receipts) over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known 
as Equity Linked Securities. The shares of companies that are referenced by such Securities may be traded on 
a stock exchange and the prices of such shares may be published on recognised information services, for 
example, Bloomberg or Reuters screens or on the share issuer's website, in which case you will be able to 
monitor the relevant share prices during the life of the Equity Linked Securities. 
24. 
What are FX Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, will be calculated by 
reference to the performance of a foreign exchange rate or a basket of foreign exchange rates over a fixed 
period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known as FX Linked Securities. Foreign exchange rates 
indicate the relationship between one specified currency and another currency. The values of such foreign 
exchange rates may be published by recognised information services and in some cases are determined by 
central banks. 
25. 
What are Commodity Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be calculated by reference to the performance of a commodity, or a basket of commodities, a commodity 
index or a basket of commodity indices over a fixed period of time or on fixed dates. Such Securities are known 
as Commodity Linked Securities. 
Commodities (including contracts that provide for physical delivery or are based on the price of a deliverable 
commodity) and commodity indices are generally divided into four main classes: (i) energy, which includes

--- Page 139 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
139 
 
 
crude oil, gasoline, heating oil and natural gas, (ii) agricultural produce, which includes corn, soybeans, 
soybean oil, wheat, sugar, cocoa, cotton and coffee, (iii) livestock, which includes cattle and lean hogs, and 
(iv) metals, which can be subdivided into base metals such as aluminium, copper, nickel, lead and zinc, and 
precious metals such as gold, silver and platinum. 
A commodity index is generally a synthetically produced weighted basket of commodity futures contracts that 
satisfy specified criteria and is designed to be a liquid and diversified benchmark for such commodities. Each 
commodity index has its own composition and calculation methodology and is usually expressed in terms of 
a change from a base value. 
26. 
What are Fund Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be calculated by reference to the performance of a fund interest or a basket of fund interests over a fixed 
period of time or on fixed dates. Such fund interests may include interests in exchange traded funds and 
information on it may only be available from that sponsor. Such Securities are known as Fund Linked 
Securities. 
27. 
What are Inflation Linked Securities? 
Amounts payable in respect of some Securities, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, will be calculated by 
reference to the performance of an inflation index or a basket of inflation indices over a fixed period or on 
fixed dates.  Such Securities are known as Inflation Linked Securities. 
28. 
What are Credit Linked Securities? 
Credit Linked Securities are Securities in respect of which the amount payable at maturity and the amount 
payable on each interest payment date (if any) are linked to the credit risk of one or more underlying entities 
(each a Reference Entity). In exchange for a rate of interest or other return on the Securities in the absence of 
a Credit Event, investors take the risk that the amount which they receive at maturity will be less than the face 
value of the Security and the amount of interest they receive may be reduced if any of the underlying Reference 
Entities have, amongst other similar things, become insolvent or defaulted on its obligations. Insolvency or 
default of a Reference Entity is referred to as a Credit Event having occurred.  If a Credit Event has occurred 
with respect to a Reference Entity to which your Securities are linked, you will receive a reduced percentage 
(which may be zero) of the face value of each Security you hold calculated by reference to the recovery rate 
achieved by creditors of the Reference Entity if your Securities are cash settled, the weighting of the relevant 
Reference Entity in the basket in relation to zero recovery basket Securities (which means you will not receive 
the benefit of any recovery rate otherwise achieved by creditors of that Reference Entity), or you will receive 
a certain direct or indirect obligation of the Reference Entity which is likely to have a value which is lower 
than the face value of each Security if your Securities are physically settled.  If a Credit Event has occurred 
with respect to a Reference Entity to which your Securities are linked and your Securities are zero recovery 
single name credit linked Securities you will receive no redemption amount at all and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities will be discharged. 
29. 
What is Auction Settlement? 
Auction Settlement may apply in the case of Credit Linked Securities. 
When a credit event occurs in respect of a reference entity that is referenced in a significant volume of credit 
derivative transactions, a determinations committee established by ISDA may determine that one or more 
auctions should be held in order to facilitate settlement of those transactions at the same time and at a fixed 
settlement price. During the auction process primary credit derivatives dealers that choose to participate in the 
auction submit prices at which they would buy and sell the reference entity's debt obligations and requests for 
physical settlement that they have received from their counterparties. 
30. 
Why was Auction Settlement developed? 
Historically auctions were held by ISDA from time to time following the occurrence of credit events in respect 
of widely traded reference entities.  Market participants adhered to protocols that provided for auction 
settlement of their transactions, and this auction settlement became the primary settlement method for credit 
events on widely traded reference entities.  As a result ISDA has facilitated, at the request of regulators in the

--- Page 140 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
140 
 
 
U.S. and Europe and with the involvement of many participants in the credit derivatives markets, the 
"hardwiring" of auction settlement as a new settlement method into the documentation for credit derivative 
transactions.  By means of general protocols published by ISDA, to which several thousand counterparties 
have adhered, auction settlement has become the market standard settlement method in the over-the-counter 
credit derivatives markets.  Auction settlement is also being adopted by market participants for other credit-
linked products such as the Securities. 
31. 
How will Auction Settlement apply in relation to the Securities? 
In the case of Securities for which "Auction Settlement" is specified as the settlement method in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a credit event occurs in respect of the relevant reference entity and an auction is held for that 
reference entity, the final price determined by such auction will apply in respect of that reference entity for the 
purposes of the Securities.  The final price (or recovery value) so determined will apply to the calculation of 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount.  If no auction is held, cash settlement will apply in order to determine 
the applicable recovery value. 
32. 
What are Swedish Securities? 
Swedish Securities means any series of Securities designated as "Swedish N&C Securities" or "Swedish W&C 
Securities", as applicable, in the applicable Final Terms. Swedish Securities may only be issued as Exempt 
Securities. 
Swedish Securities will be issued pursuant to a Swedish Agency Agreement with Swedbank AB (publ) as 
Swedish Issuing Agent and will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised electronic book-entry form 
with a Swedish Central Securities Depository which will be Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23, 
Stockholm, Sweden or any successor thereto acceptable to the Issuer (Euroclear Sweden AB) in accordance 
with all applicable Swedish laws, regulations and rules.  Swedish Securities registered in Euroclear Sweden 
AB are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law.  For 
so long as it is a requirement of the applicable rules of Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Securities may not 
provide for any form of settlement in respect of payment of interest, principal or premium other than payment 
in cash.  Swedish Securities will not be issued in definitive form. 
Further details relating to Swedish Securities are set out at Annex 9 "Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Swedish Securities". 
33. 
What are Swiss Securities? 
Swiss Securities means any series of Securities designated as "Swiss N&C Securities" or "Swiss W&C 
Securities", as applicable, in the applicable Final Terms.  Swiss Securities may be issued as Exempt Securities 
or as Non-Exempt Securities. 
Swiss Securities may be issued in (i) bearer global form (in the case of Swiss N&C Securities) or non-bearer 
global form (in the case of Swiss W&C Securities) or (ii) uncertificated form (Uncertificated Securities), 
which Uncertificated Securities shall entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS Ltd. or any 
other relevant clearing system on or prior to their issue date as intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
(Intermediated Securities) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Securities in global form will be represented by one or more permanent global securities and deposited with 
the relevant clearing system or common depositary. Once the permanent global security has been so deposited 
and the Securities entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the relevant clearing system or 
common depositary, the Securities will constitute Intermediated Securities. Each holder of Securities in global 
form shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global security 
representing such Securities to the extent of their claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the 
permanent global security remains deposited with the clearing system or common depositary, the co-ownership 
interest shall be suspended and such Security may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Securities 
in a securities account of the transferee. The records of the clearing system or common depositary will 
determine the number of Securities held through each participant of the clearing system or common depositary. 
In respect of Securities held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of such Securities will be the 
persons holding such Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in the case of

--- Page 141 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
141 
 
 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Securities for their 
own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions "Securityholder", 
"Holder" and "holder of Global Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Uncertificated Intermediated Securities will remain registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS 
Ltd. until the earlier of expiration, exercise and printing of the relevant series of Swiss Securities. So long as 
the uncertificated Swiss Securities constitute Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred by the 
entry of the transferred uncertificated Swiss Securities in a securities account of the transferee. 
Further details relating to Swiss Securities are set out at Annex 10 "Additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss 
Securities". 
34. 
What are Preference Share Linked N&C Securities? 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are linked to preference shares of a UK private limited company and 
will represent an investment linked to the economic performance of the preference shares. The preference 
shares will in turn be linked to the economic performance of one or more specified Reference Item(s) and 
prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities will depend upon the performance of the preference shares, which will in turn depend upon 
the performance of such Reference Item(s).  Whilst the redemption amount of such Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities is linked to the market value of preference shares which will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the Reference Item(s), any change may not be comparable to a direct investment in the 
Reference Item(s) and may be disproportionate. 
As the amounts payable in respect of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities are linked to preference shares 
which are in turn linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), a purchaser of such a Preference 
Share Linked N&C Security must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an 
anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, 
the lower the value of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities and the shorter the remaining term to 
redemption, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Preference Share Linked N&C Securities will lose all 
or part of their investment.  
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities linked to preference shares are not principal protected.  Investors in 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant 
preference shares does not move in the anticipated direction.  Preference Share Linked N&C Securities may 
only be issued as Exempt Securities.

--- Page 142 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
142 
 
 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities" or the "Terms and 
Conditions of the W&C Securities", as applicable, shall have the same meanings in this Form of the Securities. 
Form of the N&C Securities 
The N&C Securities of each Series will be in either bearer form (Bearer N&C Securities), with or without 
interest coupons attached or registered form (Registered N&C Securities), without interest coupons attached. 
Bearer N&C Securities will be issued outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) 
(Regulation S).  Registered N&C Securities will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States to QIBs that are also QPs 
or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who are QIBs and also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A) and, in each case, who agree to purchase the N&C Securities for their own account 
or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof and, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, provide an Investor 
Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement or otherwise in private 
transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state 
securities laws. 
Bearer N&C Securities 
Each Tranche of Bearer N&C Securities will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global security (a 
Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global security (a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
N&C Security, each a Bearer Global N&C Security) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global N&C Securities are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); or 
(b) 
if the Global N&C Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global N&C Securities issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global N&C Securities are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global N&C Securities are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer N&C Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security, payments of 
principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the N&C Securities due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global N&C 
Security if the Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the 
extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such 
Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security are not United States persons, or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Agent.

--- Page 143 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
143 
 
 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security of the same 
Series or (ii) definitive Bearer N&C Securities of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. Persons (as defined below) will not be able to receive definitive 
Bearer N&C Securities. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer 
Global N&C Security or for definitive Bearer N&C Securities is improperly withheld or refused. The Bearer 
N&C Securities will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein or will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security if the Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer N&C Securities with, where applicable, receipts, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in N&C Securities Condition 11) has occurred and is 
continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security) may give notice to the Principal Agent requesting exchange.  Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global N&C Securities and definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such N&C Securities where TEFRA D is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer N&C Securities, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of N&C 
Securities, receipts or interest coupons. 
Securities which are represented by a Bearer Global N&C Security will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Registered N&C Securities 
The Registered N&C Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a 
global security in registered form (a Regulation S Global N&C Security). 
The Registered N&C Securities of each Tranche of N&C Securities offered and sold in the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons may only be offered and sold in private transactions (a) in the 
United States to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act

--- Page 144 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
144 
 
 
(QIBs) who are also "qualified purchasers" (QPs) within the meaning of Section 3(c)(7) and as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), or (b) to U.S. 
persons who are QIBs and also QPs and, in each case, who agree to purchase N&C Securities for their own 
account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB and also a QP and not with a 
view to the distribution thereof and, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, provide an 
Investor Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement.  All such N&C 
Securities will initially be represented by a global security in registered form (a Rule 144A Global N&C 
Security and, together with a Regulation S Global N&C Security, each a Registered Global N&C Security). 
Registered Global N&C Securities will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global N&C Securities will be 
entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery 
of definitive N&C Securities in fully registered form. 
The Registered Global N&C Securities will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global N&C Securities will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 7.2.1) as the registered holder of the Registered Global N&C Securities.  None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global N&C Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered N&C Securities in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.2.1) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global N&C Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Registered N&C Securities without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
in the case of N&C Securities registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified 
the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the N&C Securities and no 
alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered 
under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available; 
(c) 
in the case of N&C Securities registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available; 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the N&C Securities represented by the Global N&C Security in definitive registered form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global 
N&C Security) may give notice to the Registrar (or request that the Principal Agent does so) requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 145 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
145 
 
 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Agent and the Registrar shall be entitled to treat the 
holder of any N&C Security as the absolute owner thereof. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global N&C Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global N&C Security.  No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global N&C Security will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each 
case to the extent applicable.   
Registered N&C Securities are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Offering and Sale". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities"), the 
Principal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of N&C Securities is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of N&C Securities at a point after the Issue Date of such further 
Tranche, the N&C Securities of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where 
applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number, which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS 
assigned to N&C Securities of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of any applicable period that by 
law or regulation would require such N&C Securities not to be fungible. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or Euroclear Sweden AB 
and/or SIX SIS Ltd shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities as 
may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor (if any) and the Principal Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be. 
An N&C Security may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in N&C 
Securities Condition 11.  In such circumstances, where any N&C Security is still represented by a Global N&C 
Security and the Global N&C Security (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such N&C Securities and payment in full of the amount due has not been made 
in accordance with the provisions of the Global N&C Security then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
day, holders of interests in such Global N&C Security credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or SIX SIS Ltd, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or SIX SIS Ltd on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated on or about 7 October 2021 executed by the Issuer.  In addition, holders of interests in such 
Global N&C Security credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver N&C Securities in 
definitive registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global N&C Security in accordance with DTC's 
standard operating procedures. 
The Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if any) may agree with any Dealer and the LuxSE that N&C Securities 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities herein, in which 
event, in the case of Non-Exempt N&C Securities only, a new prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will, in the case of Non-Exempt N&C Securities only, 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such N&C Securities. 
Form of W&C Securities 
The W&C Securities of each Series will be in registered form. W&C Securities may be issued either (i) within 
the United States to QIBs that are also QPs or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons who are QIBs 
and also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A and, in each case, who agree to purchase the W&C Securities for their 
own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and not with 
a view to the distribution thereof or (ii) to, or for the account or benefit of, non-U.S. persons in offshore 
transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 146 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
146 
 
 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms specifies that W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, interests in such W&C Securities will be represented 
by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security (the Rule 144A Global W&C Security) and may only be offered and 
sold in private transactions pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and any applicable state securities laws (a) in the United States to QIBs that are QPs or (b) to U.S. persons 
who are QIBs and also QPs and, in each case, who agree to purchase the W&C Securities for their own account 
or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof and (unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms) provide an Investor 
Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement.  If it is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms that W&C Securities as described above may also be sold outside of the United States 
in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC rules, 
regulations and guidance, such interests in the W&C Securities will be represented by a Regulation S Global 
W&C Security (the Regulation S Global W&C Security). 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms does not specify that the W&C Securities are eligible for sale in 
the United States to QIBs who are also QPs or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons who are QIBs 
and also QPs, the W&C Securities will be represented by a Permanent Global W&C Security (the Permanent 
Global W&C Security). 
Permanent Global W&C Securities are permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, 
pledged or delivered in the United States or to, or for the benefit of (a) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S, (b) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), (c) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive 
Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the 
United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), or the final rule relating to Cross-Border 
Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major 
Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time, pursuant to the CEA, (d) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in 
regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (e) a "United States person" as defined in the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time 
(each such person, a U.S. Person). 
References herein to a "Global W&C Security" include, as the context so requires, a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security, a Regulation S Global W&C Security and a Permanent Global W&C Security. Interests in a 
Permanent Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in any other Global W&C Security. 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in a Permanent Global 
W&C Security.  Interests in a Regulation S Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in a 
Permanent Global W&C Security. 
Each Permanent Global W&C Security and Regulation S Global W&C Security will be deposited with a 
depositary (a Common Depositary) on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear).  A Rule 144A Global W&C Security will be either (i) deposited 
with the New York Security Agent as custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository 
Trust Company (DTC) and references herein to W&C Securities "held through" DTC will be deemed to be 
references to W&C Securities so represented, or (ii) deposited with a Common Depository common to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, each Global W&C Security will be deposited with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available or the Issuer receives a notice from DTC as described below in 
relation to the Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC corresponding to the same Series of W&C 
Securities as such Regulation S Global W&C Security, the Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders

--- Page 147 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
147 
 
 
in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 and will deliver W&C Securities in definitive registered form 
(bearing such legends as may be required by the Issuer) in exchange for the Regulation S Global W&C 
Security. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, if DTC 
notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security, or if at any time DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days of such 
notice, or the Issuer receives notice as described above in respect of the closure of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in relation to the Regulation S Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg corresponding to the same Series of W&C Securities as such Rule 144A Global W&C Security, 
the Issuer will deliver W&C Securities in definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may be required 
by the Issuer) in exchange for that Rule 144A Global W&C Security. 
Except in the circumstances described in the preceding two paragraphs, owners of beneficial interests in a 
Global W&C Security will not be entitled to have any portion of such W&C Securities registered in their name 
and will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered W&C Securities in definitive form 
in exchange for their interests in that Global W&C Security.  Transfer, exercise, termination, settlement and 
other mechanics related to any W&C Securities issued in definitive form in exchange for W&C Securities 
represented by a Global W&C Security shall be as agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Agent and, in the 
case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, the New York Security Agent. 
The Issuer and the relevant Guarantor (if any) in respect of any Tranche of W&C Securities may agree with 
any Dealer that Securities other than Exempt Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such W&C 
Securities.

--- Page 148 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
148 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT N&C SECURITIES 
[Date] 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) [other than[:]  
[[(i)] 
during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below[; and]] 
[[(ii)] in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s] specified in Part B below]]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has only been prepared for the purposes of use [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period].]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA]** has been prepared [for use [in any other jurisdiction] [or] [at any other time]]*. 
Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA [other than [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]]* may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1] 
* 
Include where either a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) or a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where neither a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) nor a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified in Part B below]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has only been prepared for the purposes of use during the UK 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period.]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK]** has been prepared [for use 
at any other time]*. Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
                                                     
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form 
of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to EEA Retail Investors for a specified period and/or in specified 
EEA jurisdictions with a prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times.

--- Page 149 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
149 
 
 
retail investor in the UK [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]* may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2] 
* 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not specified. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]/[specify alternative form of notice if required]]*** 
*** 
Insert notice if the classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  In each case the relevant Dealer(s) should 
consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND – [Other than with respect 
to offers of the Securities during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below] [period[s] 
[]-[],] for which a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or an equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes [(CISA)], as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Securities are not intended 
to be offered to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA)] 
[FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 
5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a 
private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]3   
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of [the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA)] [CISA] and are not subject to the supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors will not benefit from the specific 
investor protection under the CISA.]4 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [    ] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount/Number of Units of Tranche] [Title of N&C Securities] 
under the Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payment obligations 
by [Nomura Holdings, Inc.] [Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.]] 
                                                     
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form 
of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to UK Retail Investors for a specified period with a prohibition 
of sales to UK Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times. 
3  
Legend to be included if the N&C Securities potentially constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA 
and are offered in Switzerland and no key information document or equivalent document under FinSA or, until 30 June 2022, a simplified 
prospectus under the CISA in its former version will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to private clients in Switzerland for 
any other reason, in which case, the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to 
private clients in Switzerland for a specified period. 
4  
Include if N&C Securities are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 150 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
150 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Insert unless the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with 
an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] 
[and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
Base Prospectus). [[These Final Terms do not relate to a non-exempt public offer for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.]5  These Final Terms will be deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review 
body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published according to Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services 
Act (FinSA)][FinSA] for the purposes of an offer of the N&C Securities to the public in Switzerland on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] which has been 
included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of 
approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with 
this review body and published according to Article 64 FinSA.]6  [This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the N&C Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]7 These Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented], in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. [Insert for straddle offers: Subject as provided below, full][Full] information on the Issuer[, the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the N&C Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented].  [A summary of the N&C Securities  is annexed to these 
Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus has also been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which two 
sets of Final Terms will be published:  The Offer Period for the N&C Securities extends beyond the validity 
of the Base Prospectus which will expire on [insert date] (the Expiry Date).  Prior to this date, a successor 
base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the Successor Base Prospectus) and successor Final Terms for 
the N&C Securities (the Successor Final Terms) will be published.  From and including the date on which 
the Successor Base Prospectus is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, (i) the 
Successor Final Terms shall constitute the Final Terms for the N&C Securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and (ii) full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the N&C 
Securities shall only be available on the basis of the combination of the Successor Final Terms and the 
Successor Base Prospectus.  The Successor Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  The Successor Final Terms will be published at [insert 
website].] 
[Insert the following additional language for straddle offers for which a single set of Final Terms will be 
published:  The Offer Period for the N&C Securities extends beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus 
which will expire on [insert date] (the Expiry Date).  Prior to this date, a successor base prospectus in respect 
of the Programme (the Successor Base Prospectus) will be published.  From and including the date on which 
the Successor Base Prospectus is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, (i) these 
Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Successor Base Prospectus and (ii) full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the N&C Securities shall only be available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Successor Base Prospectus.  The Successor Base Prospectus will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] (N.b. if this option is 
used, (i) the form of Final Terms from this base prospectus will need to incorporated by reference in the 
successor base prospectus and (ii) the successor base prospectus will need to contain details of the Securities 
(e.g. by ISIN) that are the subject of the straddle offer and where the Final Terms for those Securities are 
published) 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or (ii) these Final Terms are Successor Final Terms for 
the purposes of a straddle offer of Securities commenced under an earlier base prospectus.  N.b. If this form 
                                                     
5  
Include where applicable. 
6  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland. 
7  
Include where the Final Terms constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 151 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
151 
 
 
of final terms takes a different form to the final terms used for the original issue being tapped, the Conditions 
of the original issue that is being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not require information 
to be included in the final terms for the tap issuance which is not contemplated in this pro forma.  Where the 
final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap 
using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will 
instead need to be prepared: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [5 August 2013][1 August 2014][31 July 2015] [11 December 2015][16 
September 2016][15 September 2017][14 September 2018][11 July 2019][17 April 2020][22 February 2021] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2021.  [[These Final Terms do not 
relate to a non-exempt public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]8 These Final Terms will be 
deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published 
according to Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA)][FinSA] for the purposes of an 
offer of the N&C Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] which has been included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed 
approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) 
FinSA by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according to Article 
64 FinSA.]9 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the N&C Securities described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]10 These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[Insert the following additional language into the Successor Final Terms for straddle offers for which two sets 
of Final Terms will be published: These Final Terms are the Successor Final Terms for the N&C Securities.  
These Final Terms succeed the Final Terms published on [date].] [A summary of the N&C Securities  is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]  The Base Prospectus has also been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms, save 
as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[These N&C Securities are Swiss N&C Securities.] (This paragraph need only be included if the Final Terms 
relate to Swiss N&C Securities) 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as " Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if " Not Applicable"  is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
1. 
Guarantor: 
[Not Applicable] [Nomura Holdings, Inc.] [Nomura 
Securities Co., Ltd.] 
2. 
Guaranteed N&C Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
3. 
Type of N&C Securities: 
Qualifying debt securities: 
[Notes/Certificates] 
As at the Issue Date, the Securities [will][will not] 
qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the 
                                                     
8  
Include where applicable. 
9  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland. 
10  
Include where the Final Terms constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 152 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
152 
 
 
purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of 
Singapore 
[If the Securities will qualify as " qualifying debt securities"  for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, 
Chapter 134 of Singapore, insert: 
Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant 
Income) from any N&C Securities which constitute " qualifying debt securities"  for Singapore income 
tax purposes (Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who 
carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax 
exemption for qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant 
Securities using funds from that person's operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. 
Any person whose income (including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is 
required to declare such income in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of 
Singapore.] 
4. 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[               ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the N&C 
Securities will be consolidated 
and form a single Series: 
[The N&C Securities will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [insert title of each relevant tranche 
of N&C Securities] issued on [insert each relevant 
issue date] [respectively] on [the Issue Date/the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security for interests 
in the Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security, as 
referred to in paragraph 42 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]][Not Applicable] 
5. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[               ] 
 
6. 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount]/[Number 
of Units]: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
[Tranche:  
[               ]] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[[               ] per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount]/[[               ][insert 
currency] 
per 
N&C 
Security] [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]11 
8. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[               ] 
[               ]  
(N.B. The minimum denomination of each N&C 
Security must be at least €1,000 (or if the N&C 
Securities are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent in such currency).) 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above the 
minimum specified denomination are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:  
"[€10,000/€100,000/specify 
other] 
and 
integral 
multiples of [€1,000/specify other] in excess thereof up 
to and including [€19,000/€199,000/specify other].  No 
                                                     
11  Not applicable in the case of Conditional Interest N&C Securities

--- Page 153 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
153 
 
 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination 
above 
[€19,000/€199,000/specify 
other].") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[                ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
9. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Coupon Commencement Date: 
[               ][Issue Date] 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[               ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]12/[specify other]/[See item 20(i) below 
(if Floating Rate N&C Securities)]/[See item 22(ii) 
below (if Reference Item Linked Interest N&C 
Securities)]/[Not Applicable] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons)] 
(iv) 
Coupon Calculation Basis: 
[Per 
Calculation 
Amount][Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Only specify "Not Applicable" in respect of Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities and any other N&C Securities to 
which the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
6.3.4 do not apply) 
10. 
Trade Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Maturity Date: 
[For Fixed Rate N&C Securities: [specify date]]/ 
[For Floating Rate N&C Securities insert: The 
Coupon Payment Date falling on or nearest to [specify 
month and year]]13/[For Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities: [specify] and in the case of Zero Recovery 
Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities,  Zero 
Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities or 
Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C 
Securities insert thereafter: (the Scheduled Maturity 
Date) [subject as provided in Credit Linked Condition 
5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked 
Condition 7 and Credit Linked Condition 8]] 
(NB: The Maturity Date may need to be at least one 
year after the Issue Date.  For Reference Item Linked 
N&C Securities ensure that there is sufficient time 
between final valuation and maturity) 
12. 
Reference Item Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
12 For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification and the following words should 
be added: "provided that if any Coupon Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, such Coupon Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Coupon Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day." 
13 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use this 
option

--- Page 154 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
154 
 
 
[If the Securities are Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities and tax gross-up should apply, insert: 
Notwithstanding the fact that the N&C Securities are 
Reference Item Linked Securities, for the purposes of 
Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the N&C Securities, Condition 9.1.2 applies.] 
13. 
(i) 
Coupon Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate]] [[      ] month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]] [Compounded Daily 
[SONIA/SOFR/€STR]] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed FX Interest N&C Security] 
[Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Security] 
[Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Security] 
[Multi-Rate Interest N&C Security] 
[Range Accrual Interest N&C Security] 
[Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Security]  
[Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Security] 
[Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Security] 
[Non-Interest bearing] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(ii) 
Payment of interest on early 
redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the N&C Securities will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
[FX Redemption N&C Security] 
[Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Security] 
[Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Security] 
[Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security] 
[Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Security] 
[Index Basket Knock-In N&C Security] 
[Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security] 
[Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Security] 
[Equity Basket Autocall N&C Security] 
[Index Basket Autocall N&C Security] 
[Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C 
Security] 
[Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Security] 
[Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C 
Security] 
[Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Security] 
[Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C 
Security] 
[Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Security] 
[Auction to Cash Settled Credit Linked N&C Security]

--- Page 155 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
155 
 
 
15. 
Change of Coupon Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify details of any provision for change of N&C 
Securities into another Coupon Basis or cross refer to 
paragraphs 19, 20 and 22 below if details are included 
there] 
16. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Nomura International plc]/[other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19. 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Coupon Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
applicable to N&C Securities in 
definitive form: 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount/Not 
Applicable]14 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s) applicable to 
N&C Securities in definitive 
form: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date falling on [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed)15 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
denominated in euros) 
                                                     
14  For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification the following alternative 
wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded upwards" 
15  Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities

--- Page 156 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
156 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[                        ] in each year 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual(ICMA).  In such case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)  
20. 
Floating Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Coupon Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/Range Accrual] 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Coupon 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Agent): 
[               ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels] 
(include for LIBOR (London) and EURIBOR 
(Brussels) respectively) 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[          ]/ [Not Applicable] [Unless otherwise agreed 
with the [Principal Agent] / [Calculation Agent], 
[          ] [London Banking Days] / [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][TARGET2 Business Days]] 
(N.B. must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 157 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
157 
 
 
Coupon Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day of 
each Coupon Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking Day 
prior to the start of each Coupon Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second 
TARGET2 System Business Day prior to the start of 
each Coupon Period]  
[Insert for SONIA–non Index Determination: Second 
London Banking Day prior to the day on which the 
relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Coupon Period)] 
[Insert for SONIA – Index Determination: The day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon Period 
ends (but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Coupon Period) and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for SOFR–non Index Determination: Second 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
day on which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from the Coupon 
Period)] 
[Insert for SOFR – Index Determination: The day 
falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the day on which the 
relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Coupon Period) and 
Relevant Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for €STR: Second TARGET2 System Business 
Day prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon 
Period ends (but which by its definition is excluded 
from the Coupon Period)] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
Rate Multiplier 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
Rate Cut-off Time: 
[]([name of city] time) 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 158 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
158 
 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021 and 
confirmation from Structuring should be obtained) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Coupon Period) 
Compounding/Averaging/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is 
identified as "Compounded Floating Rate Option" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[] Applicable 
Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift: [[] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[] Lockout 
Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]]] 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
159 
 
 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift/Averaging 
with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback:] [[    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[    ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:] 
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Lockout:] [[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
[[     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days:] [[     ] [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt 
immediately below) 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/Compounded Index Method/ 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift][Not Applicable] 
 
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[  ]Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:]][[     ]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Coupon Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long coupon period)] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify per Coupon Period, if the Minimum Rate of 
Interest varies between Coupon Periods) 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify per Coupon Period, if the Maximum Rate of 
Interest varies between Coupon Periods) 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed)

--- Page 160 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
160 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
denominated in euros) 
(xii) 
Determination Date(s)  
[[                 ] in each year 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon (NB: This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular interest payment dates 
which are not of equal duration)]][Not applicable] 
 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(xiii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Zero Coupon N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[               ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
22. 
Reference Item Linked Interest N&C 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Reference Item Linked 
Interest N&C Securities: 
[Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities]/[Equity Basket 
Conditional Interest N&C Securities]/[Index Basket 
Conditional Interest N&C Securities]/[Multi-Rate 
Interest N&C Securities]/[Range Accrual Interest 
N&C Securities]/[Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C 
Securities]/[Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C 
Securities]/[Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C 
Securities] 
 
[If applicable: 
The provisions of Condition 
22.1.[1]/[2]/[3]/[4]/[5]/[6]/[7]/[8] [and Annex 
[1]/[2]/[3]/[6] of the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 161 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
161 
 
 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for [insert 
applicable reference item] Linked Securities)] shall 
apply. Also see item 
[29]/[30]/[31]/[33]/[34]/[35]/[36]/[37] below for 
specific provisions relating to [insert applicable 
reference item] Linked Securities.](Complete as 
applicable for relevant reference item) 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: Ensure that interest accrual, valuation of 
relevant reference item and interest payment are tied 
in and that, as required, a postponement provision is 
included for payment to allow sufficient time between 
valuation and payment in the event valuation is 
postponed for a disruption) 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Dates: 
[Coupon Payment Dates] [specify] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify per Coupon Period, if the Minimum Rate of 
Interest varies between Coupon Periods) 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify per Coupon Period, if the Maximum Rate of 
Interest varies between Coupon Periods) 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis]/ 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 162 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
162 
 
 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate 
for 
Fixed 
Rate 
N&C 
Securities 
denominated in euros) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each N&C Security: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. if the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
N&C Securities will need to be Exempt Securities) 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods for Issuer Call: 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
[] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Agent) 
24. 
Notice periods for tax redemption under 
Condition 8.2: 
 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
[] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Agent) 
25. 
Issuer 
Regulatory 
Call/Illegality 
Redemption/Inconvertibility 
Event 
adjustment or redemption: 
 
(i) 
Issuer Regulatory Call under 
Condition 8.5: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 163 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
163 
 
 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
period required for an Issuer 
Regulatory Call: 
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
8.5, Issuer Regulatory Call will apply automatically 
unless specified as"Not Applicable") 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 8.5][[] days] 
[See Condition 8.5][[] days]] 
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in 
respect of the maximum and minimum notice period if 
this differs from the default number of days specified 
in Condition 8.5. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Agent) 
(ii) 
Illegality 
Redemption 
under 
Condition 8.6 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
period required for an Illegality 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
8.6, Illegality Redemption will apply automatically 
unless specified as "Not Applicable") 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 8.6][[] days] 
[See Condition 8.6][[] days]]  
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in 
respect of the maximum and minimum notice period if 
this differs from the default number of days specified 
in Condition 8.6. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Agent) 
(iii) 
Inconvertibility 
Event 
under 
Condition 8.13. 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each N&C Security: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. if the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
N&C Securities will need to be Exempt Securities) 
(iii) 
Notice periods for Investor Put: 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[] days

--- Page 164 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
164 
 
 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Agent) 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount of each N&C 
Security: 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount]/[See provisions in 
paragraph [29][30][31][32][38][39] below"] 
(For Non Exempt Redemption N&C Securities cross 
refer to paragraphs 29 – 32 or 38 or 39 (in each case 
as applicable) and complete the relevant sections in 
those paragraphs below) 
 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[As per Condition 8.7]/[[           ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEM LINKED SECURITIES 
29. 
Index Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Type of Index Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Index 
Basket 
Conditional 
Interest 
N&C 
Securities]/[Index 
Basket 
Knock-In 
N&C 
Securities]/[Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities]/[Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities]/[Index Basket Autocall N&C 
Securities] 
 
The 
provisions 
of 
Condition 
22.[1.3]/[2.[5]/[6]/[7]/[9]] and Annex 1 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities) of 
the Terms and Conditions shall apply. 
(ii) 
[Index]/[Index Basket]: 
 
[Insert the name of each Index and, if relevant, insert 
weightings of each Index in the Index Basket] 
[The [         ] Index is a multi-exchange Index] 
Index Sponsor[s]: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
Index Currency(ies): 
[           ] (Specify Index Currency for each Index)

--- Page 165 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
165 
 
 
(iv) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[For Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities and Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
insert: [       ] per Calculation Amount] 
[For Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, Index 
Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities and Index 
Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
insert: The provisions of Condition 22.2.[5]/[6]/[7] 
(delete as applicable) apply] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[           ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(vii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis] 
[Per Index Basis] 
(viii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis] 
[Per Index Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day 
selection) 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[        ] (Include Initial Valuation Date and Final 
Valuation Date for Index Basket Knock-In N&C 
Securities, Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities and Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities and Initial Valuation Date and 
Observation Dates for Index Basket Conditional 
Interest N&C Securities and Index Basket Autocall 
N&C Securities) 
(x) 
Valuation Time 
[       ] 
(xi) 
Disruption Cut-Off Date: 
The date [      ] Scheduled Trading Days [after the 
Valuation Date/prior to the next succeeding day on 
which payment is to be made under the N&C 
Securities], all as more fully set out in the Index 
Linked Conditions. 
(xii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the N&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xiii) 
Provisions for Index Basket 
Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Base Rate of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Conditional Coupon 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(c) 
Floor Rate of Interest: 
[               ]

--- Page 166 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
166 
 
 
(d) 
Observation Date(s): 
[               ] 
(xiv) 
Provisions 
for 
Index 
Basket 
Knock-In N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xv) 
Provisions 
for 
Index 
Basket 
Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xvi) 
Provisions 
for 
Index 
Basket 
Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Level: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Participation Rate: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xvii) Provisions 
for 
Index 
Basket 
Autocall N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Date(s): 
[               ] 
(b) 
Autocall Level: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(c) 
Autocall Rate: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(d) 
Fixed 
Autocall 
N&C 
Security: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(e) 
Uplift 
Autocall 
N&C 
Security: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(NB. The N&C Securities must be one or the other of 
(d) or (e) and cannot be both) 
(f) 
Number 
of 
Autocall 
Business Days: 
[               ] 
30. 
Equity Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 167 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
167 
 
 
(i) 
Type of Equity Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Equity 
Basket 
Conditional 
Interest 
N&C 
Securities]/[Equity 
Basket 
Knock-In 
N&C 
Securities]/[Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities]/[Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities]/[Equity Basket Autocall N&C 
Securities][Equity Delta One Redemption N&C 
Securities] 
 
The 
provisions 
of 
Condition 
22.[1.2]/[2.[2]/[3]/[4]/[8]/[11]] and Annex 2 of the 
Terms and Conditions – (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Equity Linked Securities) shall apply.  
(ii) 
[Share]/[Share Basket]: 
[           ] 
(Insert description of the relevant share(s), in each 
case including the name of the relevant share issuer 
and the relevant ISIN or other such security 
identification code) 
(iii) 
Equity Currency(ies): 
[           ] (Specify Equity Currency for each Share) 
(iv) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[For Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities and Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
insert: [           ] per Calculation Amount] 
[For Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, Equity 
Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, Equity 
Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities and 
Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities insert:  
The 
provisions 
of 
Condition 22.2.[2]/[3]/[4]/[11](delete as applicable) 
apply] 
(v) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[           ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(viii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day 
selection) 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[           ] [For Equity Delta One Redemption N&C 
Securities, insert: (the Final Valuation Date) (Include 
Initial Valuation Date and Final Valuation Date for 
Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, Equity 
Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities and Equity 
Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, 
Initial Valuation Date and Observation Dates for 
Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
and Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities; and

--- Page 168 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
168 
 
 
Final Valuation Date for Equity Delta One 
Redemption N&C Securities)] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[           ] 
(xi) 
Disruption Cut-Off Date: 
[The date [       ] Scheduled Trading days [after the 
Valuation Date/prior to the next succeeding day on 
which payment is to be made under the N&C 
Securities, all as more fully set out in the Equity 
Linked Conditions.]] 
(xii) 
Options Exchange Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
[Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the N&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Initial Stock Loan Rate: [    ]] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [      ]] 
(xv) 
Provisions for Equity Basket 
Conditional 
Interest 
N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Base Rate of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Conditional Coupon 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(c) 
Floor Rate of Interest: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Observation Date(s): 
[               ] 
(xvi) 
Provisions for Equity Basket 
Knock-In N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xvii) Provisions for Equity Basket 
Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ]

--- Page 169 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
169 
 
 
(d) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xviii) Provisions for Equity Basket 
Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Barrier Level: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Percentage: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Level: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Participation Rate: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[               ] 
(xix) 
Provisions for Equity Basket 
Autocall N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Observation Date(s): 
[               ] 
(b) 
Autocall Level: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(c) 
Autocall Rate: 
[               ] (Specify per Observation Date) 
(d) 
Fixed Autocall N&C 
Security: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(e) 
Uplift Autocall N&C 
Security: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(NB. The N&C Securities must be one or the other of 
(d) or (e) and cannot be both) 
(f) 
Number of Autocall 
Business Days: 
[               ] 
31. 
FX Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type 
of 
FX 
Linked 
N&C 
Securities: 
[Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities]/[FX Redemption 
N&C 
Securities]/[Fixed 
Denomination 
FX 
Redemption N&C Securities] 
The provisions of Condition 22.[1.1]/[2.1]/[2.12] and 
Annex 3 of the Terms and Conditions (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for FX Linked Securities) shall 
apply. 
(ii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[        ] 
(iii) 
Currency Pair(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert if one Currency Pair: [        ] 
/ [        ]] [Insert if more than one Currency Pair: 
[Currency Pair [1]/[2]/[3]/[] etc.: [Insert Currency 
Pairs in form of [insert first currency]/[insert second 
currency]] (repeat for each Currency Pair) 
(NB. Currency Pairs will be applicable for Fixed FX 
Interest N&C Securities for which the Reference 
Exchange Rate is to be implied from more than one

--- Page 170 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
170 
 
 
Settlement Rate Option and for all FX Redemption 
N&C Securities.) 
(iv) 
Specified Financial Centre: 
[          ] 
(v) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[For Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities insert: [          ] 
per Calculation Amount] 
 
[For FX Redemption N&C Securities insert: The 
provisions of Condition 22.2.1 apply.] 
[For Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C 
Securities insert: The provisions of Condition 22.2.12 
apply.] 
(vi) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Primary Rate: 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Secondary Rate: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[           ] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[           ] 
(xi) 
Disruption Event: 
The following Disruption Events apply to the N&C 
Securities: 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Hedging Disruption Event] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
(xii) 
Consequence of a Disruption 
Event: 
The following fallback provisions apply to the N&C 
Securities: 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] 
 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
 
[Settlement Postponement] 
 
[Termination] 
(xiii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[          ] 
(xiv) 
Provisions for FX Redemption 
N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Currency Pair(s): 
 
[[Insert (as appropriate) if 
more than one Currency

--- Page 171 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
171 
 
 
Pair: 
Currency 
Pair 
[1]/[2]/[3]/[] etc.:] 
(I) 
First 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[ 
] 
(II) 
Second 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[ 
] 
(III) Alternate 
Currency 
Pair: 
[Not Applicable][[[ 
]/[ 
]] 
 
FX Price Source for the Alternate Currency Pair: [
 
]] (Repeat in respect of each Alternate 
Currency Pair) 
(NB. Alternate Currency Pairs will be applicable 
where the Reference Exchange Rate is to be implied 
from more than one Settlement Rate Option) 
(IV) FX Price Source: 
[ 
] 
(V) Strike Rate: 
[ 
] 
(VI) w: 
[ 
]] 
(Repeat prompts (I) to (VI) in respect of each Currency 
Pair) 
(b) 
General provisions: 
 
(I) 
Leverage: 
[ 
] per cent. 
(II) 
Floor: 
[ 
] per cent. 
(III) Exchange Rate: 
[The Exchange Rate for conversion of any amount 
into the relevant settlement currency for the purposes 
of determining the Final Redemption Amount is 
[         ].] [See Condition 22.2.1] 
(IV) X: 
[Strike Rate/Settlement Rate] 
(V) Y: 
[Strike Rate/Settlement Rate] 
(VI) Z: 
[Strike Rate/Settlement Rate/1] 
(NB. "Z" can only be "1" where there is only one 
Currency Pair specified) 
(xv) 
Provisions for Fixed FX Interest 
N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Type of Currency Fixed 
Rate N&C Security: 
[Currency 1 Fixed Rate N&C Security]/[Currency 2 
Fixed Rate N&C Security] 
(b) 
Base Rate of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
FX Price Source(s): 
Specified Currency/[Settlement Currency]: [        ] 
[Insert as required for each Currency Pair: 
[insert Currency Pair]: [        ]] 
(xvi) 
Provisions 
for 
Fixed 
Denomination FX Redemption 
N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 172 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
172 
 
 
(a) 
Base Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[……] per [nominal amount][unit] of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount (NB. Specify as an 
amount in the Specified Currency) 
(b) 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Currency/Settlement Currency [……..] 
32. 
Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
The provisions of [Condition [22.2.10][22.2.15] 
[22.2.16] and] [Annex 7 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)][Annex 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] shall apply. 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/See Condition 
[22.2.10/22.2.16] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked N&C Securities insert and compete the 
following: 
Tranche Attachment Level: [          ] per cent.  
Tranche Detachment Level: [          ] per cent. 
Tranche Width: [          ] per cent. (N.b. this is equal 
to the Tranche Detachment Level minus the Tranche 
Attachment Level)] 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Not Applicable (See Condition 
[22.2.10][22.2.15][22.2.16])] 
(N.b. if the Securities are Zero Recovery Basket Credit 
Linked N&C Securities, Zero Recovery Single Name 
Credit Linked N&C Securities or Tranched Zero 
Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities specify "Not 
Applicable", and include the appropriate cross 
reference to Condition 22.2.10 or 22.2.15 or 22.2.16 
as applicable) 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London]/[           ] 
(iv) 
Reference 
Entit[y][ies][and 
relevant Weighting Percentages]: 
[         ] [Specify. If applicable set out in a Table which 
may be annexed to these Final Terms and for this item 
and subsequent items in this paragraph 32 where 
relevant state: "See the Table annexed to these Final 
Terms"] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket 
Credit Linked N&C Securities linked to a credit index 
insert and complete as applicable: 
The Reference Entities and their relevant weighting 
percentages comprising the Index as at the Trade 
Date 
Index means, [          ]

--- Page 173 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
173 
 
 
Index Publisher means, [          ] 
Index Sponsor means, [          ]] 
(v) 
Reference Obligations: 
[Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified, insert 
and complete as applicable: Seniority Level: [Senior 
Level][Subordinated Level]] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket 
Credit Linked N&C Securities insert: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: Applicable 
if 
specified in the [Index/Table] for a Reference Entity 
only 
Seniority Level: As specified in the [Index/Table] for 
a Reference Entity] 
 
(N.b. " Standard Reference Obligation"  should not be 
elected if Annex 7 applies) 
[The obligations identified as 
follows: 
[           ] 
Primary Obligor: 
[           ] 
Guarantor: 
[           ] 
Maturity: 
[           ] 
Coupon: 
[           ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[           ]] 
(vi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Provisions 
relating to Qualifying Guarantee and Underlying 
Obligation: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [          ]]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring]

--- Page 174 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
174 
 
 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 15 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod 
R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod 
Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
Default Requirement: 
[           ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[           ] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date 
Amendment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[As defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 13]/[specify other] 
 
Specified Number: 
[2]/[specify other]] 
(ix) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender]

--- Page 175 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
175 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Additional Obligation(s) 
[None]/[specify other] 
(x) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xi) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.b. If Condition 22.2.10 or 22.2.16 applies, this 
item (xi) and item (xxv) below should be specified as 
"Not Applicable") 
(xii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
12 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount:[        ]] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date:[          ]] 
(xiii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xv) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xvi) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Credit Linked 
Condition 13 applies]/[Not Applicable (see Condition 
[22.2.10][22.2.15][22.2.16])] 
(xvii) Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement 
Suspension), [the later of ] [(a) [       ] Business Days 
following the latest of] [the date falling [       ] 
Business Days following the latest of ] [(i) the Auction 
Settlement Date or the date on which the Final Price 
is determined if Cash Settlement applies or is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method and (ii) 
the Credit Event Determination Date] [and (b) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[          ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[          ] Business Days; and each [         ] Business 
Days thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [         ]] 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[11 a.m. London time]/[           ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 176 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
176 
 
 
(xx) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Quotation Amount: 
[[           ]/Representative Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Quotation Dealers: 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Blended Market, Blended Highest, Average 
Blended Market and Average Blended Highest should 
not be elected if Annex 15 applies. Weighted Highest 
may only be elected if Annex 15 applies) 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction Settlement 
 
(xxvii) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Succession Event Backstop Date 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with Business Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable if 
Annex 15 applies) 
(xxix) Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable if 
Annex 15 applies) 
Terms relating to Deliverable 
Obligations 
 
(xxx) 
Deliverable Obligations  
 
The following are relevant to 
determining 
Valuation 
Obligations and do not imply that 
Physical Settlement will occur 
under the N&C Securities which 
are cash settled only: 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan]

--- Page 177 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
177 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify 
currency] 
[Standard 
Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying 
Participation 
Seller: 
[insert 
details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [       ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
(N.B. "Not Contingent" may only be selected where 
Annex 7 applies) 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]  
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[        ] 
(xxxi) Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[        ] 
Other terms 
 
(xxxii) Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Standard North American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European 
CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging

--- Page 178 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
178 
 
 
European Corporate LPN/Standard Emerging 
European Corporate/Standard Latin America 
Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia 
Financial Corporate/Standard New Zealand 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial 
Corporate/Standard Japan Corporate/Standard Japan 
Financial Corporate/Standard Singapore 
Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia 
Financial Corporate/Standard Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard Western European 
Sovereign/Standard Latin America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard New Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard Japan Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore Sovereign/Standard Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate] (Specify per Reference Entity)] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket 
Credit Linked N&C Securities insert: 
For the purposes of the Reference Entities listed in 
the Index, the Transaction Type under the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is as specified in the Index. As at 
the Trade Date the Reference Entities comprising the 
Index are [specify each relevant Transaction Type 
from the list above]] 
(N.b. depending on the date of the Physical Settlement 
Matrix, consider whether a supplement is required to 
amend the Credit Linked Conditions and/or pro forma 
Final Terms to reflect any amendments to the Physical 
Settlement Matrix reflected in that new version) 
(xxxiii) Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies, this should always be 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(xxxiv) Financial Reference Entity Terms: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies, this should always be 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(xxxv) Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 21 for Reference Obligation Only Securities 
relating to a single Reference Entity issued pursuant

--- Page 179 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
179 
 
 
to Annex 15.  If Annex 7 applies, this should always be 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(xxxvi) Provisions 
relating 
to 
CoCo 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 25: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [ 
]] 
(N.b. If applicable this should be specified for each 
Reference Entity) 
(xxxvii) Credit Linked Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxxviii) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Obligation Characteristics and 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
to 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
26: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxix) Provisions relating to Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
27: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(If Applicable, or if See Physical Settlement Matrix is 
selected, specify the following:) 
[Seniority Level: Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
(xl) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
28: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical 
 
Settlement Matrix]] 
(xli) 
Limited Recourse Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
(NB. If Annex 7 applies this should always be 
specified "Not Applicable") 
33. 
Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities: 
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.1.4 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
In respect of the First Rate: 
[               ] 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
In respect of the First Rate: 
[               ] 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
[               ]

--- Page 180 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
180 
 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
In respect of the First 
Rate: 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
 
In respect of the Second 
Rate: 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to each of the 
above rates any required options from item 
20(vi)(ISDA Determination) above) 
(iv) 
Cap: 
[               ] 
(v) 
Floor: 
[               ] 
(vi) 
First Rate Amount: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(vii) 
First Rate Cap: 
[Not Applicable][          ] (Specify per Coupon 
Period) 
(viii) 
First Rate Floor: 
[Not Applicable][          ] (Specify per Coupon 
Period) 
(ix) 
Second Rate Amount: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(x) 
Second Rate Cap: 
[Not Applicable][          ] (Specify per Coupon 
Period) 
(xi) 
Second Rate Floor: 
[Not Applicable][          ] (Specify per Coupon 
Period) 
(xii) 
Third Rate: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
34. 
Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities: 
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.1.5 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
In respect of the First Rate: 
 
[               ] 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
 
[               ] 
In respect of the Range Day Rate: 
[               ]/ 
 
[Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
In respect of the First Rate: 
 
[               ] 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
 
[               ] 
In respect of the Range Day Rate: 
[               ]/ 
 
[Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
In respect of the First 
Rate: 
In respect of the Second 
Rate: 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
[[         ] 
(Specify 
per 
Coupon 
Period)][The

--- Page 181 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
181 
 
 
In respect of [the Range 
Day Rate][Dual Rate 1 
and Dual Rate 2]: 
relevant 
Rate 
Determination Date] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to each of the 
above rates any required options from item 
20(vi)(ISDA Determination) above) 
(iv) 
Rate Determination Centre: 
[insert business day centres]/[TARGET2] 
(v) 
Rate of Interest Cap: 
[               ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest Floor: 
[               ] 
(vii) 
First Rate Amount: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(viii) 
Second Rate Amount: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(ix) 
Third Rate: 
[               ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(x) 
Rates Performance Cap: 
[          ] 
(xi) 
Rates Performance Floor: 
[          ] 
(xii) 
Range Day Rate: 
[Single Rate Determination][Dual Rate 
Determination] 
(xiii) 
Range Day Numerator: 
[Calendar days][Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.b. only specify Not Applicable if Single Rate 
Observation Date applies) 
[Rate Cut-off Date: [        ][calendar days][Business 
Days]] 
(xiv) 
Range Day Denominator: 
[Calendar days][Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.b. only specify Not Applicable if Single Rate 
Observation Date applies) 
(xv) 
Lower Barrier: 
[          ] 
(xvi) 
Upper Barrier: 
[          ] 
(xvii) Single Rate Observation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Rate Observation Date[s]: 
[[         ] (Specify per 
Coupon 
Period)][The 
[first]/[last] day of 
the relevant Coupon 
Period]] 
35. 
Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.1.6 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
In respect of the First Rate: 
 
[               ]

--- Page 182 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
182 
 
 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
 
[               ] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 1: 
[               ]] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 1: 
 
 
Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 2: 
[               ]] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 2: 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
 
 
In respect of the First Rate: 
 
[               ] 
In respect of the Second Rate: 
 
[               ] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 1: 
[               ]] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 1: 
 
 
Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 2: 
[               ]] 
[In respect of the Range Day Rate 2: 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 1:  
 
 
[               ] 
 
Dual Rate 2:  
 
 
[               ]] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
In respect of the First 
Rate: 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
 
In respect of the Second 
Rate: 
[The [first]/[last] day of 
the Coupon Period] 
 
In respect of [the Range 
Day Rate 1][Dual Rate 1 
and Dual Rate 2 for 
Range Day Rate 1]: 
[[         ] (Specify per 
Coupon Period)][The 
relevant Rate 
Determination Date] 
 
In respect of [the Range 
Day Rate 2][Dual Rate 1 
and Dual Rate 2 for 
Range Day Rate 2]: 
[[         ] (Specify per 
Coupon Period)][The 
relevant Rate 
Determination Date] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to each of the 
above rates any required options from item 
20(vi)(ISDA Determination) above) 
(iv) 
Rate Determination Centre: 
[insert business day centres]/[TARGET2] 
(v) 
Rate of Interest Cap: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Rate of Interest Floor: 
[         ]  
(vii) 
First Rate Amount: 
[         ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(viii) 
Second Rate Amount: 
[         ] (Specify per Coupon Period)

--- Page 183 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
183 
 
 
(ix) 
Third Rate: 
[         ] (Specify per Coupon Period) 
(x) 
Rates Performance Cap: 
[         ] 
(xi) 
Rates Performance Floor: 
[         ] 
(xii) 
Range Day Rate 1: 
[Single Rate Determination][Dual Rate 
Determination] 
(xiii) 
Range Day Rate 2: 
[Single Rate Determination][Dual Rate 
Determination] 
(xiv) 
Range Day Numerator: 
[Calendar days][Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.b. only specify Not Applicable if Single Rate 
Observation Date applies) 
[Rate Cut-off Date: [         ][calendar days][Business 
Days]] 
(xv) 
Range Day Denominator: 
[Calendar days][Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.b. only specify Not Applicable if Single Rate 
Observation Date applies) 
(xvi) 
Lower Barrier: 
 
(a) 
Range Day Rate 1: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Range Day Rate 2: 
[         ] 
(xvii) Upper Barrier: 
 
(a) 
Range Day Rate 1: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Range Day Rate 2: 
[         ] 
(xviii) Single Rate Observation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Rate Observation Date[s]: 
[[        ] (Specify per 
Coupon 
Period)][The 
[first]/[last] day of 
the relevant Coupon 
Period]] 
36. 
Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable] 
[The provisions of Condition 22.1.7 and Annex 6 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert details of relevant Index and Index Sponsor] 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [         ] [Fallback Bond] 
(iii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 184 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
184 
 
 
(v) 
Acceleration upon Rebasing of 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Description: 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Base Rate of Interest: 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Floor: 
[           ] 
(x) 
Leverage: 
[           ] 
(xi) 
Strike: 
[           ] 
(xii) 
Number of Calendar Months 
(Initial Index Level): 
[           ] 
(xiii) 
Number of Calendar Months 
(Reference Index Level): 
[           ][Not Applicable – Linear Interpolation 
applies] 
(xiv) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Linear Interpolation applies, insert:  For the 
purposes of the formula for determining the Final 
Index Level and the definitions of ILm-x and ILm-y: 
x = []; and 
y = []. 
37. 
Swap 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
N&C 
Securities 
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.1.8 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Interest determination 
basis: 
 
(N.b. specify per Coupon Period) 
 
[For each Coupon Period for 
which 
Single 
Swap 
Rate 
Determination applies insert: 
 
For Coupon Period[s]: 
[           ] [e.g. First Coupon Period or Second 
Coupon Period or 1 and 2] 
(Specify each of the Coupon Periods to which the 
relevant determination basis and Reference Swap Rate 
specified immediately below shall apply and repeat as 
necessary by relevant Coupon Periods) 
Determination basis: 
Single Swap Rate Determination 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[           ] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
Designated Maturity: 
[           ] 
Reset Date: 
[           ][The [first]/[last] day of the relevant Coupon 
Period]]

--- Page 185 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
185 
 
 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to the above rate 
any 
required 
options 
from 
item 
20(vi)(ISDA 
Determination) above) 
[For each Coupon Period for 
which 
Dual 
Swap 
Rate 
Determination applies insert: 
 
For Coupon Period[s]: 
[          ] [e.g. First Coupon Period or Second Coupon 
Period or 1 and 2] 
(Specify each of the Coupon Periods to which the 
relevant determination basis and Reference Swap Rate 
specified immediately below shall apply and repeat as 
necessary by relevant Coupon Periods) 
Determination basis: 
[Dual Swap Rate Determination/Dual Swap Rate 
Outperformance Determination] (include such of the 
below prompts as are relevant) 
LF1: 
[           ] 
LF2: 
[           ] 
Rate Performance Multiplier: 
[           ] 
Rate Deduction Factor: 
[           ] 
(a) 
First Swap Rate: 
 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[           ] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
Designated Maturity: 
[           ] 
Reset Date: 
[           ][The [first]/[last] day of the relevant Coupon 
Period] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to the above 
rate any required options from item 20(vi)(ISDA 
Determination) above) 
First Swap Rate Cap: 
[           ][Not Applicable] 
First Swap Rate Floor: 
[           ][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Second Swap Rate: 
 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[           ] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
Designated Maturity: 
[           ] 
Reset Date: 
[           ][The [first]/[last] day of the relevant Coupon 
Period] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to the above 
rate any required options from item 20(vi)(ISDA 
Determination) above) 
Second Swap Rate Cap: 
[           ][Not Applicable] 
Second Swap Rate Floor: 
[           ][Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 186 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
186 
 
 
(iii) 
Margin(s): 
Not Applicable 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s) 
Not Applicable 
38. 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Swap 
Rate 
Redemption N&C Securities: 
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.2.13 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
The provisions of Condition 22.2.13 apply 
(ii) 
Barrier: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[           ] 
(a) 
Designated Maturity: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[           ][Valuation Date] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to the above 
rate any required options from item 20(vi)(ISDA 
Determination) above) 
(iv) 
Redemption Factor: 
[           ] 
(v) 
Swap RateINITIAL: 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Valuation Date: 
[           ] 
39. 
Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C 
Securities:  
[Applicable 
The provisions of Condition 22.2.14 shall apply.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
The provisions of Condition 22.2.14 apply 
(ii) 
Barrier Factor: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Reference Swap Rate: 
[           ] 
(a) 
Designated Maturity: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[           ][Valuation Date] 
 
(Also insert and complete in relation to the above 
rate any required options from item 20(vi)(ISDA 
Determination) above) 
(v) 
Redemption Factor: 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Swap RateINITIAL: 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Valuation Date: 
[           ] 
40. 
Provisions applicable to payments in 
Renminbi :

--- Page 187 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
187 
 
 
(i) 
CNY Currency Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Spot Rate: 
[Calculation Agent][Give name][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CNY Settlement Centre(s)  
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ]/[Not Applicable][See item [20(xiii)][22(v)] 
above] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE N&C SECURITIES 
42. 
Form of N&C Securities: 
[Bearer N&C Securities: 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
N&C 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
N&C Securities only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
N&C 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer N&C Securities 
only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Securities shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005] [only applicable if Securities are 
to be offered in Belgium]] 
 
(N&C Securities that are determined to be permanently 
prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, 
pledged or delivered in the United States or to, or for 
the benefit of, (a) a "U.S. person"" as defined in 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (Regulation S), 
(b) a person other than a "Non-United States person"" 
as defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the 
CEA), (c) a ""U.S. person" as defined in the 
Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance 
with 
Certain 
Swap 
Regulations 
promulgated by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the CFTC), or the final rule 
relating 
to 
Cross-Border 
Application 
of 
the 
Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap 
Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case 
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to 
time, pursuant to the CEA, (d) any other "U.S. person" 
as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in 
regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (e) 
a ""United States person"" as defined in the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and 
the United States Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time 
(each such person, a U.S. Person) may only be issued 
in Bearer form.)

--- Page 188 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
188 
 
 
 
[Registered N&C Securities: 
[Regulation S Global N&C Security registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Rule 144A Global N&C Security registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.]] 
 
[Swiss N&C Securities:  
The 
Swiss 
N&C 
Securities 
are 
issued 
in 
[bearer]/[uncertificated] form. The provisions of 
Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss 
Securities) shall apply to the Swiss N&C Securities.] 
(Include any additional terms required in respect of 
Swiss Securities, e.g. in respect of notices or provisions 
for meetings of Securityholders) 
43. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
44. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) (for 
Payment Day purposes): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Coupon Periods for the purposes 
of calculating the Coupon Amount, as to which see item 
20(xiii) and 22(v)) 
45. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer N&C Securities: 
[Yes, as the N&C Securities have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The information relating to [] [and []] contained herein has been extracted from [insert information 
source(s)].  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirm[s] that this information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as [it is] [they are each] aware and [is][are] able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the NHI Guarantor: 
By: .............................................  
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised] 
Duly authorised] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the NSC Guarantor: 
By: ........................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 189 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
189 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
When completing this Part B prompts marked: 
* 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue). 
** 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue). 
*** 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) and the securities are not Derivative Securities. 
**** 
should be deleted if the securities are Derivative Securities. 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the N&C Securities to be admitted to 
trading on /[Bourse de Luxembourg/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market]/[the Electronic Bond Market 
organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Borsa 
Italiana 
S.p.A. 
(MOT)]/[specify relevant market of the applicable stock 
exchange in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden or 
The Netherlands] [and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[specify 
relevant 
listing 
authority in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden or 
The Netherlands] [with effect from [        ].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue in respect of which the 
original securities are already admitted to trading, insert: The 
existing N&C Securities with which these Securities are to be 
consolidated and form a single series are admitted to trading on 
[Bourse de Luxembourg/Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro 
MTF 
Market]/[MOT]/[specify 
relevant 
market of 
the 
applicable stock exchange in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, 
Spain, Sweden or The Netherlands] [and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] /[MOT][specify 
relevant listing authority in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, 
Spain, Sweden or The Netherlands].]** 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:*/**** 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[The N&C Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]

--- Page 190 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
190 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the specific rating 
allocated (if any).) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).  [As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and is 
not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended)[.  [Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit ratings 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings 
have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
credit rating agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation[.  As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]] The 
European Securities and Markets Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation), but it [is]/[has 
applied to be] certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation[[  [EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].]

--- Page 191 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
191 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [ and [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  However, the 
application for registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency entity 
that applied for registration], which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating 
agency 
entity][, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency entity] 
is not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities and Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the N&C Securities has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and 
[their][its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business – amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or the use of a Securities Note or 
"unitary" prospectus.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
[Reasons for offer 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/Give details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[           ]

--- Page 192 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
192 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order or priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[           ] (Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended to "use" and presented in order of priority 
of such "uses") 
 
5. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[           ][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Mark as "Not Applicable" if either (i) the Securities are 
not Fixed Rate N&C Securities or (ii) if the Securities are 
Derivative Securities) 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
[[Details of past and future performance of rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance] page[s]: 
[           ]. 
(Insert information for each relevant reference rate)]][Not Applicable] 
(N.b. Mark as "Not Applicable" if either (i) the Securities are not Floating Rate N&C Securities, Range 
Accrual Interest N&C Securities, Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities or Multi-Rate Interest 
N&C Securities or (ii) the minimum denomination is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as at the date of issue)) 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING[S], EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT [AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING[S]] 
[If there is no underlying insert: Not Applicable][Otherwise disclosure here must comply with 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, Annex 17, item 2.2.2. In particular: in respect of 
any and each underlying that is an index include name of the index, the name of each index sponsor 
and details of where the information about the index can be obtained and note additional requirements 
and related regulatory position if the index is not provided by an EU Benchmarks Regulation approved 
administrator.  In respect of any and each underlying that is a share or security include details of the 
name of the share /security issuer and ISIN of the share/security.  In respect of any and each 
underlying that is a currency/currency exchange rate include details of the currency/rate.  In respect 
of each underlying include details of where information on the underlying can be obtained including 
an indication of where past and future performance and volatility of the underlying can be obtained 
by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.  In respect of Credit Linked 
Securities, where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity represents 20% or more of the basket 
or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a table (a) the names of the reference entities and (if 
different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) 
where such information is already included in item 32 of the Final Terms, include a cross reference 
thereto.  In respect of all other Credit Linked Securities insert:  
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media

--- Page 193 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
193 
 
 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated for each 
Reference Entity.  Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not Applicable" for a 
Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be "Not Applicable" if there 
is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note permissible markets for a Reference 
Entity’s securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country 
markets and SME Growth Markets, each as described in Regulation EU No 2019/980, Annex 17, 
item 2.2.2 (a)(ii).  Where such requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or drawdown 
prospectus must be prepared that includes the required information to be addressed under Annex 
17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i).) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[insert electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as 
applicable)] 
[An example of how the value of the investment is affected by value of the underlying may be 
included.] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
(ii) 
CUSIP: 
[           ] (Include for 144A issuance) 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
/ The Depositary Trust 
Company and the relevant 
identification number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)][For Securities 
listed on Borsa Italiana include details of relevant Monte Titoli 
clearing arrangement] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agents: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, 13th Floor, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB/Other]

--- Page 194 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
194 
 
 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[           ] 
(N.B. In respect of Swiss Securities include details of the 
relevant Swiss Paying Agent) 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
N&C Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the N&C Securities will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the N&C Securities are capable 
of meeting them the N&C Securities may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the N&C Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(N.B. Registered N&C Securities will not be ECB eligible) 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names[ and 
addresses]*** 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material features)] ***: 
[Not Applicable/give names, [and addresses and underwriting 
commitments]***] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers)*** 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement***: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and address]*** of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]***] 
(vi) 
Total commission and 
concession:** 
[           ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount** 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]  
(viii) 
Additional U.S. Federal 
Income Tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable] [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the 
Issuer intends to treat the N&C Securities as [fixed-rate 
debt/variable rate debt instruments/contingent payment debt 
instruments/short-term debt/options or warrants/prepaid forward 
contracts/a loan (or deposit) and one or more options, for which

--- Page 195 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
195 
 
 
purposes, the Issuer will treat [          ]% of each coupon on a 
N&C Security as interest and [          ]% as option premium]. 
[The comparable yield relating to the N&C Securities will be 
[          ]% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly], and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a N&C Security 
consists of the following payments: [          ].] [The comparable 
yield relating to the N&C Securities and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [          ] at [          ].] 
(N.b. This disclosure is only required for N&C Securities issued 
under Rule 144A.  Otherwise specify "Not Applicable") 
(ix) 
Specified Securities for 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding purposes: 
[The N&C Securities shall [not] be treated as Specified Securities 
(as defined in the Base Prospectus) for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] [Based on 
market conditions on the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has 
made a preliminary determination that the N&C Securities are 
[not] Specified Securities (as defined in the Base Prospectus) for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986. This is a preliminary determination only that is subject 
to change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. If the 
Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice of 
such determination.] [Please contact [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the N&C Securities.] 
(N.B. The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further 
analysis would be required.) 
(x) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (x) and, unless the Final Terms relate to a Swiss Non-
exempt Offer, also paragraph 11 below). 
Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions:** 
[Specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends to make Non-
exempt Offers, (where the Base Prospectus lists the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, select from that list), which must, therefore, 
be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where the 
Base Prospectus was approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date] 
Financial intermediaries 
granted specific consent 
to 
use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus in accordance 
with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary to 
be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-exempt offer in relevant 
jurisdictions.  No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met.  Non-exempt

--- Page 196 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
196 
 
 
offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus (and any supplement) has been notified/passported.) 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a PRIIPs 
KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If (i) 
the Securities may constitute "packaged" products and (ii) the 
PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to prepare and publish a 
PRIIPs KID, or only intends to prepare and publish a PRIIPs 
KID during a specified period and/or in certain EEA 
jurisdiction(s), "Applicable" should be specified.  If "Applicable" 
is specified but a PRIIPs KID will be provided during a specified 
period and/or in certain EEA jurisdiction(s) only, specify a 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period and/or PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) (as relevant) below) 
 
[PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
 
[PRIIPs 
Retail 
Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Specify EEA jurisdiction(s) in which a PRIIPs KID will be made 
available. "All EEA jurisdictions" may be specified if relevant]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, a PRIIPs key information document 
will only be made available [in [the][each] PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified above].] 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a UK 
PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute "packaged" products 
and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to prepare and 
publish a UK PRIIPs KID, or only intends to prepare and publish 
a UK PRIIPs KID during a specified period "Applicable" should 
be specified.  If "Applicable" is specified and a UK PRIIPs KID 
will be provided during a specified period only, specify a UK 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period below) 
 
[UK PRIIPs Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xiv) 
Prohibition of Offer to 
Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during [the Swiss 
KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] []-[]] [or] [the 
duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA and its 
implementing ordinance]] 
[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 197 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
197 
 
 
[Swiss KID Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until 
[specify date][[the date which falls [] Business Days after] the 
Issue Date]]] 
(xv) 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (xv) and, unless the Final Terms relate to a Swiss 
Non-exempt Offer, also paragraph 11 below) 
Swiss Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date] 
[Withdrawal right 
according to Article 63(5) 
of the Swiss Financial 
Services Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
according to Article 56(5) FinSA is triggered during the Swiss 
Offer Period, investors who have already subscribed or agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for N&C Securities before any such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is published have the right to 
withdraw their subscriptions and acceptances within a period of 
two days from the publication of such supplement [regardless of 
whether the Swiss Offer Period closes prior to the expiry of such 
two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as applicable and tailor as appropriate where the Final 
Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as 
review body in Switzerland.) 
Financial intermediaries 
granted specific consent 
to use the Base Prospectus 
for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary to 
be fulfilled so as to be able to make a Swiss Non-exempt Offer.  
No such offer should be made until those requirements have been 
met.) 
10. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement 
on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Certain amounts under the Securities are calculated 
by reference to [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/ €STR/insert 
name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited/ European Money Markets 
Institute/The Bank of England/The Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York/The European Central Bank/insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
 
As at the date of these Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited/ European Money Markets Institute/The 
Bank of England/The Federal Reserve Bank of New York/The 
European Central Bank/insert name[s] of the administrator[s]] 
[is/are] [not] included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 
36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) [as no such registration is required pursuant to the 
central bank exemption in Article 2.2(a) of the EU Benchmarks

--- Page 198 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
198 
 
 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011)].] 
(repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms and as far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) apply, such 
that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited as the administrator 
of the LIBOR benchmark is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER (Public Offer only)** 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 9(x) above and sub-paragraph 9(xv) above are specified to be 
"Not Applicable".  Where sub-paragraph 9(x) above and sub-paragraph 9(xv) above are specified as 
"Not Applicable" there is no Non-exempt Offer or Swiss Non-exempt Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details (including, where relevant, the 
categories of potential investors to which the Securities are 
offered)] 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess 
by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the N&C Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner and date in which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of 
an amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II /UK MiFIR and/or 
PRIIPs/UK PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information)

--- Page 199 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
199 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in, or identified in the 
manner specified in, paragraph 9 above and identifiable from 
the Base Prospectus/None/give details]. 
[Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of the 
main 
terms 
of their 
commitment:]  
[None/give details] 
12. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[If applicable in the case of Securities referencing an index, including a credit index, include here any 
relevant index disclaimer]

--- Page 200 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
200 
 
 
ANNEX 
[SUMMARY OF THE N&C SECURITIES] 
[Insert completed Summary for N&C Securities with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), unless the Securities are Exempt N&C Securities, or for an offer of Swiss 
Non-Exempt Securities]

--- Page 201 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
201 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE N&C SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title .......................................................................................................... 206 
1.1 
Form .............................................................................................................................. 206 
1.2 
Interest and Redemption ............................................................................................... 206 
1.3 
Coupons attached .......................................................................................................... 208 
1.4 
Title to Bearer N&C Securities and Registered N&C Securities in definitive form
 ...................................................................................................................................... 208 
1.5 
Title to Securities represented by a Global N&C Security ........................................... 208 
2. 
Transfers of N&C Securities in registered form ................................................................................ 209 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Global N&C Securities .......................................................... 209 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered N&C Securities in definitive form ......................................... 209 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption .......................................................... 209 
2.4 
Costs of registration ...................................................................................................... 209 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global N&C Securities ..................................... 210 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended N&C Securities ..................................................... 210 
2.7 
Definitions .................................................................................................................... 211 
3. 
Status of the N&C Securities and the Guarantee ............................................................................... 211 
3.1 
Status of the N&C Securities ........................................................................................ 211 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee ................................................................................................. 212 
4. 
Negative Pledge ................................................................................................................................. 212 
4.1 
Issuer ............................................................................................................................. 212 
4.2 
Guarantor ...................................................................................................................... 212 
5. 
Redenomination................................................................................................................................. 213 
5.1 
Redenomination ............................................................................................................ 213 
5.2 
Definitions .................................................................................................................... 214 
6. 
Interest ............................................................................................................................................... 215 
6.1 
Day Count Fraction ....................................................................................................... 215 
6.2 
Interest on Fixed Rate N&C Securities ......................................................................... 218 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Interest N&C 
Securities ....................................................................................................................... 219 
6.4 
Interest on Exempt N&C Securities .............................................................................. 240 
6.5 
Accrual of interest ......................................................................................................... 240 
6.6 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption .................................................... 242 
7. 
Payments ........................................................................................................................................... 242 
7.1 
Payment in respect of Bearer N&C Securities .............................................................. 242 
7.2 
Payments in respect of Registered N&C Securities ...................................................... 244 
7.3 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt 
N&C Securities ............................................................................................................. 245 
7.4 
Method of Payment ....................................................................................................... 246 
7.5 
CNY Currency Event .................................................................................................... 248 
7.6 
Non-Permitted Holders and suspension of deliveries and payments at the option 
of the Issuer ................................................................................................................... 250 
8. 
Redemption, Purchase, Administrator/Benchmark Events and Inconvertibility Event .................... 252 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity ................................................................................................ 252 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons .......................................................................................... 252 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) .................................................... 253 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put) ................................... 254 
8.5 
Redemption upon a Regulatory Event .......................................................................... 255 
8.6 
Redemption for Illegality .............................................................................................. 255 
8.7 
Early Redemption Amounts .......................................................................................... 256

--- Page 202 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
202 
 
 
8.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt N&C 
Securities ....................................................................................................................... 257 
8.9 
Purchases ...................................................................................................................... 258 
8.10 
Cancellation .................................................................................................................. 258 
8.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon N&C Securities ........................................................... 258 
8.12 
Adjustment or Redemption following an Administrator/Benchmark Event................. 258 
8.13 
Inconvertibility Event ................................................................................................... 261 
9. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................. 264 
10. 
Prescription ........................................................................................................................................ 265 
11. 
Events of Default and Enforcement .................................................................................................. 265 
12. 
Replacement of N&C Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons ..................................................... 267 
13. 
Agents ................................................................................................................................................ 268 
13.1 
Status of Agents ............................................................................................................ 268 
13.2 
Variation or termination of Appointment of Agents ..................................................... 268 
14. 
Calculation Agent .............................................................................................................................. 268 
14.1 
Status of Calculation Agent .......................................................................................... 268 
14.2 
Conflict of Interest ........................................................................................................ 270 
15. 
Exchange of Talons ........................................................................................................................... 271 
16. 
Notices ............................................................................................................................................... 271 
17. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification and Waiver ................................................................... 272 
18. 
Substitution ........................................................................................................................................ 273 
18.1 
Substitution of the Issuer .............................................................................................. 273 
18.2 
Substitution of the Guarantor ........................................................................................ 275 
18.3 
Deposit of Guarantor Substitution Documents ............................................................. 277 
18.4 
Notice of Substitution ................................................................................................... 277 
18.5 
Substituted Guarantor ................................................................................................... 277 
18.6 
NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee .......................................................................................... 277 
19. 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................................... 277 
20. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 .................................................................................... 278 
21. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ................................................................................ 278 
21.1 
Governing law............................................................................................................... 278 
21.2 
Submission to jurisdiction ............................................................................................ 278 
21.3 
Process Agent for the Issuer and the Guarantors .......................................................... 278 
22. 
Additional Conditions relating to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Redemption 
N&C Securities.................................................................................................................................. 278 
22.1 
Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities .......................................................................... 278 
22.2 
Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities ................................................................... 296

--- Page 203 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
203 
 
 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global N&C Security (as defined below) and each definitive N&C Security, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive N&C Security will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to any Tranche of Exempt N&C Securities (as defined below) may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such N&C Securities.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global N&C 
Security and definitive N&C Security.  In the case of N&C Securities other than Exempt N&C Securities, 
reference should be made to the "applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant N&C Securities. In the case of 
N&C Securities that are Swiss Non-Exempt Securities, notwithstanding that such Swiss Non-Exempt Securities 
may also be Exempt Securities, the Issuer shall complete Final Terms, and references in these Terms and 
Conditions to provisions that apply, or may be applied, only to Exempt Securities shall not apply to such Swiss 
Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Additional Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 1 in the case of Index Linked N&C Securities, Annex 
2 in the case of Equity Linked N&C Securities, Annex 3 in the case of FX Linked N&C Securities, Annex 4 in 
the case of Commodity Linked N&C Securities, Annex 5 in the case of Fund Linked N&C Securities, Annex 6 
in the case of Inflation Linked N&C Securities, Annex 7 or Annex 15 in the case of Credit Linked N&C 
Securities, Annex 8 in the case of Physical Delivery N&C Securities, Annex 9 in the case of Swedish Securities, 
Annex 10 in the case of Swiss Securities, Annex 11 in the case of Short Price Payout N&C Securities, Annex 
12 in the case of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities, and/or Annex 13 in the case of MOT N&C Securities 
(each as defined below) will apply to the N&C Securities if specified herein and/or in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
This N&C Security is one of a Series (as defined below) of N&C Securities issued by Nomura International 
Funding Pte. Ltd. (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). N&C Securities will be 
either notes (Notes) or redeemable certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to "N&C Security", "N&C Securities", "Note", "Notes", "Certificate" 
and "Certificates" will be construed accordingly.  
N&C Securities may be in bearer form (Bearer N&C Securities) or registered form (Registered N&C 
Securities). 
References herein to the N&C Securities shall be references to the N&C Securities of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any N&C Securities represented by a global N&C Security (a Global N&C Security), 
units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (in the case of Notes) or each security 
unit represented by the Global N&C Security (in the case of Certificates); 
(ii) 
any Global N&C Security; 
(iii) 
any Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form issued in exchange for a Global N&C Security in bearer 
form; and 
(iv) 
any Registered N&C Securities in definitive form (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global 
N&C Security in registered form). 
The N&C Securities, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated on or about 7 October 2021 and made

--- Page 204 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
204 
 
 
between the Issuer, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (the NHI Guarantor), Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (the NSC 
Guarantor and, together with the NHI Guarantor, the Guarantors and each a Guarantor), Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal agent and agent bank (the Principal Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor exchange agent) and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as transfer agent and the 
other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
The N&C Securities may be issued with the benefit of a guarantee either (i) from the NHI Guarantor or (ii) 
from the NSC Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee substantially in the form set out in the Base Prospectus 
dated on or about 7 October 2021 and executed by the relevant Guarantor and in certain circumstances a Series 
of Exempt N&C Securities may be guaranteed by (i) Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited (the NIHK 
Guarantor) or (ii) the NHI Guarantor and NIHK Guarantor, and details of this (including the relevant 
guarantee) will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement where applicable. Each such guarantee, as 
modified, supplemented and/or restated from time to time is referred to as a Guarantee. A Guarantee will not 
be applicable in respect of a Series of N&C Securities unless expressly specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of N&C Securities does not state that the N&C Securities 
of such Series are Guaranteed N&C Securities, then such N&C Securities will not have the benefit of a 
Guarantee or any other guarantee or similar arrangements from the Guarantors or any other party.  The original 
of each Guarantee is held by the Principal Agent on behalf of the Holders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
Any N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as guaranteed either by the NHI Guarantor, the 
NSC Guarantor and/or the NIHK Guarantor are referred to herein as Guaranteed N&C Securities. The 
principal, interest and all other amounts payable or deliverable under Guaranteed N&C Securities are 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the applicable Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the relevant 
Guarantee.  All references herein to the Guarantor will be construed to mean either (i) the NHI Guarantor, (ii) 
the NSC Guarantor and/or (iii) the NIHK Guarantor as applicable and all references herein to the Guarantee 
will be construed to mean either (i) the Guarantee executed by the NHI Guarantor, (ii) the Guarantee executed 
by the NSC Guarantor (iii) the Guarantee executed by the NIHK Guarantor or (iv) the joint guarantee (the 
NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee) executed by the NIHK Guarantor and the NIHK Guarantor, as applicable. 
The final terms for this N&C Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this N&C Security which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions, which term shall include one or more of the annex(es) of additional terms and conditions or 
amendments to the terms and conditions, in each case in the form annexed hereto (each a Technical Annex) 
if specified as applicable herein and/or in such Final Terms) or, if this N&C Security is neither admitted to 
trading on (a) a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) or (b) a United Kingdom (UK) 
regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) in the UK in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt N&C Security), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this N&C Security.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
this N&C Security. Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a 
reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 205 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
205 
 
 
N&C Securities of a Tranche will have the Aggregate Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for that Tranche as of the relevant Issue Date, in each case as adjusted from time to time to take into account 
any purchase and cancellation of N&C Securities pursuant to N&C Securities Condition 8.10 and any further 
issue of N&C Securities pursuant to N&C Securities Condition 19.  All references to the aggregate Nominal 
Amount, Aggregate Nominal Amount or the aggregate nominal amount of the N&C Securities will be 
construed accordingly. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer N&C Securities have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons.  Definitive Bearer N&C Securities repayable in instalments (which N&C Securities may only be 
Exempt N&C Securities) have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than 
the final instalment) attached on issue.  Definitive Registered N&C Securities and Global N&C Securities do 
not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Securityholders or holders in relation to any N&C Securities shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer N&C Securities) the holders of the N&C Securities and (in the case of Registered N&C Securities) the 
persons in whose name the N&C Securities are registered and shall, in relation to any N&C Securities 
represented by a Global N&C Security, be construed as provided in N&C Securities Condition 1.5 below.  Any 
reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
Any reference herein to the N&C Securities being listed and/or admitted to trading shall mean that such N&C 
Securities have either been (i) admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the LuxSE) 
and admitted to trading on the LuxSE's Regulated Market or Euro MTF market as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and/or (ii) listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) as may be determined by the Issuer and which, where known as of the Issue Date, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
As used herein, Tranche means N&C Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of N&C Securities together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of N&C Securities which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue date, the issue price, as the case may be, and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant 
(such deed of covenant as modified, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) 
dated on or about 7 October 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC (each as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, each Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Agent, the Registrar, the other 
Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being 
together referred to as the Agents) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Securityholder following their prior 
written request to the Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Agent).  If the N&C Securities are to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the LuxSE (www.bourse.lu). If this N&C Security 
is an Exempt N&C Security and is to be listed on the Euro MTF market, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will be published on the website of the LuxSE (www.bourse.lu). Otherwise, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will be obtainable by a holder holding one or more N&C Securities and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such N&C Securities and identity.  The

--- Page 206 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
206 
 
 
Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  In the case of any inconsistency between any Technical 
Annex(es) specified as applicable herein and/or in the applicable Final Terms and other parts of these 
Conditions, the provisions of the applicable Technical Annex(es) shall prevail unless otherwise specified 
herein.  In the case of any inconsistency between the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions, the applicable 
Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form 
The N&C Securities will be issued in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in the case of definitive N&C Securities, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. N&C Securities will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each N&C Security will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, N&C Securities sold in 
the United States or to U.S. persons will be subject to a minimum denomination requirement of 
U.S.$100,000 (or the equivalent in another Specified Currency) and will be issued in integral 
denominations of U.S.$1,000 (or the equivalent in another Specified Currency) in excess thereof. N&C 
Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for N&C Securities of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer N&C Securities may not be exchanged for Registered N&C 
Securities and vice versa. 
1.2 
Interest and Redemption 
1.2.1 
Exempt Securities 
If this N&C Security is an Exempt N&C Security, this N&C Security may be a Fixed Rate N&C 
Security, a Floating Rate N&C Security, a Zero Coupon N&C Security, a Dual Currency Interest N&C 
Security, an Index Linked Interest N&C Security (which, if so specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, may also be a Conditional Interest N&C Security), an Equity Linked Interest N&C 
Security (which, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, may also be a Conditional 
Interest N&C Security), an FX Linked Interest N&C Security, a Commodity Linked Interest N&C 
Security, a Fund Linked Interest N&C Security, an Inflation Linked Interest N&C Security or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Coupon Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If this N&C Security is an Exempt N&C Security, this N&C Security may also be an Instalment N&C 
Security, a Dual Currency Redemption N&C Security, a Partly Paid N&C Security, an Index Linked 
Redemption N&C Security (together with Index Linked Interest N&C Securities, Index Linked N&C 
Securities), an Equity Linked Redemption N&C Security (together with Equity Linked Interest N&C 
Securities, Equity Linked N&C Securities, which term shall include N&C Securities linked to 
American Depository Receipts and/or Global Depository Receipts (ADR/GDR Linked N&C 
Securities)), an FX Linked Redemption N&C Security (together with FX Linked Interest N&C

--- Page 207 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
207 
 
 
Securities, FX Linked N&C Securities), a Commodity Linked Redemption N&C Security (together 
with Commodity Linked Interest N&C Securities, Commodity Linked N&C Securities), a Fund 
Linked Redemption N&C Security (together with Fund Linked Interest N&C Securities, Fund Linked 
N&C Securities), an Inflation Linked Redemption N&C Security (together with Inflation Linked 
Interest N&C Securities, Inflation Linked N&C Securities), a Credit Linked N&C Security, a 
Physical Delivery N&C Security (Physical Delivery N&C Securities), a Swedish Security (Swedish 
Securities), a Swiss Security (Swiss Securities), a Short Price Payout N&C Security (Short Price 
Payout N&C Securities), a Preference Share Linked N&C Security (Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities), an MOT N&C Security (MOT N&C Securities) or a combination of any of the foregoing 
or any other or further type of Securities as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in each 
case as specified in and depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
1.2.2 
Non-Exempt Securities 
If this N&C Security is a Non-Exempt N&C Security, this N&C Security may be a Fixed Rate N&C 
Security, a Floating Rate N&C Security, a Zero Coupon N&C Security, a Fixed FX Interest N&C 
Security (which is a type of FX Linked Interest N&C Security), an Equity Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Security (which is a type of Equity Linked Interest N&C Security), an Index Basket Conditional 
Interest N&C Security (which is a type of Index Linked Interest N&C Security), a Multi Rate Interest 
N&C Security, a Range Accrual Interest N&C Security, a Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Security, 
a Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Security (which is a type of Inflation Linked Interest N&C 
Security) or a Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Security, depending upon the Coupon Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms (each such N&C Security, a Non-Exempt Interest N&C Security). 
If this N&C Security is a Non-Exempt N&C Security, this N&C Security may also be; 
(a) 
a FX Redemption N&C Security or a Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Security 
(each of which is a type of FX Linked Redemption N&C Security);  
(b) 
an Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Security, an Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security, 
an Equity Basket Bonus Barrier N&C Security, an Equity Basket Autocall N&C Security or 
an Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Security (each of which is a type of Equity Linked 
Redemption N&C Security);  
(c) 
an Index Basket Knock-In N&C Security, an Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Security, 
an Index Basket Bonus Barrier N&C Security or an Index Basket Autocall N&C Security 
(each of which is a type of Index Linked Redemption N&C Security);  
(d) 
a Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Security, Zero Recovery Basket Credit 
Linked N&C Security or Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Security (which is a 
type of Credit Linked N&C Security);  
(e) 
a Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Security or Geared Put Swap Rate 
Redemption N&C Securities; or 
(f) 
an Auction to Cash Settled Credit Linked N&C Security (which is a type of Credit Linked 
N&C Security), 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms (each such N&C 
Security, a Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Security). 
If this N&C Security is a Non-Exempt N&C Security, this N&C Security may also be a Swiss Security.

--- Page 208 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
208 
 
 
1.3 
Coupons attached 
Bearer N&C Securities are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon N&C 
Securities in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
1.4 
Title to Bearer N&C Securities and Registered N&C Securities in definitive form 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons will pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered N&C Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Guarantors and any Agent 
will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer N&C Security, 
Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered N&C Securities as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes. 
1.5 
Title to Securities represented by a Global N&C Security 
For so long as any of the N&C Securities is represented by a Global N&C Security held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount or number of units of such N&C Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount or number of 
units of such N&C Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount or number 
of units of such N&C Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount or number of units of such N&C Securities, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global N&C Security in bearer form or the registered holder of the relevant 
Global N&C Security in registered form shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount or number of units 
of such N&C Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global N&C 
Security and the expressions Securityholder and holder of N&C Securities and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Global N&C Security in registered form, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security 
for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the N&C Securities except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
N&C Securities which are represented by a Global N&C Security will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References herein to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or in the case of Exempt 
N&C Securities only, as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) and the Principal Agent.  The term Clearing System shall mean each of 
DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities only, as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) and 
the Principal Agent, in each case as applicable.

--- Page 209 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
209 
 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF N&C SECURITIES IN REGISTERED FORM 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Global N&C Securities 
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global N&C Security in registered form will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in turn by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in Global N&C Security in registered form will, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for N&C 
Securities in definitive registered form or for a beneficial interest in another Global N&C Security in 
registered form of the same series only in the authorised denominations (in the case of Notes) or 
number of security units (in the case of Certificates) set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Global N&C Security registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC will be limited to transfers of such Global N&C Security, in whole but not in part, 
to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered N&C Securities in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.3, 2.4 and 2.6 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered N&C Security in definitive form may be transferred 
in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order 
to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the definitive Registered N&C 
Security for registration of the transfer of that Registered N&C Security (or the relevant part of that 
Registered N&C Security) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will 
be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe, the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 13 to the Agency Agreement.  Subject 
as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered N&C Security 
in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered N&C Security (or the relevant 
part of the Registered N&C Security) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
N&C Security in definitive form, a new definitive Registered N&C Security in respect of the balance 
of the Registered N&C Security not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of N&C Securities under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered N&C Security in definitive form, or part of a 
Registered N&C Security in definitive form, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured

--- Page 210 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
210 
 
 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, 
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global N&C Securities 
Transfers by the holder of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global N&C Security to a transferee 
in the United States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
2.5.1 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the N&C 
Security or the beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
2.5.2 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with (1) any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction and (2) any applicable restriction on transfer imposed by the CEA. 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended N&C Securities 
Transfers of Legended N&C Securities (as defined below) or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
2.6.1 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global N&C 
Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and 
that in the case of a Regulation S Global N&C Security registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC, the interests in the N&C Securities being transferred will be held immediately 
thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
2.6.2 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended N&C Security where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP 
in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
2.6.3 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with (1) any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction and (2) any applicable restriction on transfer imposed by the CEA. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended N&C Securities, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended N&C Securities or refuse to remove 
the Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as 
may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither 
the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the 
provisions of the Securities Act.

--- Page 211 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
211 
 
 
2.7 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
CEA means the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended; 
CFTC means the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission; 
Legended N&C Security means N&C Securities in registered form (whether in definitive registered 
form or represented by a Global N&C Security) sold in private transactions to QIBs that are also QPs 
in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions 
on transfer (a Legend); 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
QP means a qualified purchaser as defined in the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global N&C Security means a Global N&C Security in registered form representing 
N&C Securities sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
U.S. person means any person who is a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act; 
U.S. Person means any person who is (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person 
other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA; (iii) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of 
the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap 
Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time, pursuant to the CEA; (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA; or (v) a "United States person" as defined in 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time; and 
United States means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE N&C SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the N&C Securities 
The N&C Securities and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
and without prejudice among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation) at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 212 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
212 
 
 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
In respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the payment of principal, interest and all other amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the N&C Securities by the Issuer are unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed under the Guarantee by the relevant Guarantor or, in the case of the NIHK/NHI 
Joint Guarantee, the relevant Guarantors.  The obligations of each Guarantor under the relevant 
Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4.2) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will (subject as aforesaid and save for obligations in 
respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Issuer 
The Issuer undertakes that it will not, so long as any of the N&C Securities remain Outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge or other 
security interest upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any of its own Indebtedness or to secure its guarantee of or any indemnity in respect of any 
Indebtedness of any third party for the benefit of the existing or future holders thereof, without at the 
same time either securing the N&C Securities at least equally and rateably with such Indebtedness or, 
as the case may be, such guarantee or indemnity or according to the N&C Securities such other security 
or guarantee as shall have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Securityholders for the time being.  As used in this paragraph, Indebtedness means 
any indebtedness represented by securities which have a maturity of greater than one year and are for 
the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange 
or over-the-counter or other securities market in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (the 
Issuer's Jurisdiction). 
4.2 
Guarantor 
Each Guarantor undertakes that so long as any of the Guaranteed N&C Securities for which it is 
specified as the Guarantor in the applicable Final Terms remain Outstanding, it will not create or 
permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest upon the whole or any 
part of its property, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure for the benefit of the holders of any 
securities (i) payment of any sum due in respect of any securities or (ii) any payment under any 
guarantee of securities or (iii) any payment under any indemnity or other like obligation relating to 
securities, in any such case in which: 
4.2.1 
either such securities are by their terms payable, or confer a right to receive payment, in any 
currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Guarantor 
(the Guarantor's Currency) which, in each case, is Japanese Yen, or such securities are 
denominated in the Guarantor's Currency and more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount thereof is initially distributed outside the jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant 
Guarantor (the Guarantor's Jurisdiction) which, in each case, is Japan, by or with the 
authorisation of the relevant Guarantor or (if not the Guarantor) the Issuer; and 
4.2.2 
such securities are for the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market outside the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction, 
without in any such case at the same time according to the Guarantee either the same security as is 
granted to or is outstanding in respect of such securities, guarantee, indemnity or other like obligation 
or such other security or guarantee as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 213 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
213 
 
 
As used in this paragraph, securities means bonds, debentures, notes or other similar investment 
securities of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor or any other person with a stated maturity of more 
than one year from the creation thereof. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
This Condition 5 is only applicable to Exempt N&C Securities 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Redenomination may be specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Exempt N&C Securities.  If redenomination is so specified as applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to 
the Principal Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Registrar and DTC, as applicable, 
and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 below, elect 
that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the N&C Securities shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
5.1.1 
the N&C Securities and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each N&C Security and Receipt equal 
to the nominal amount of that N&C Security or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted 
into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement 
of the Principal Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, that the then market practice in respect 
of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply 
with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Securityholders, the stock 
exchange (if any) on which the N&C Securities may be listed and the Agents of such deemed 
amendments; 
5.1.2 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 5.1.4 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities held (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the amount 
of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
5.1.3 
if definitive N&C Securities are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, 
euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or 
such smaller denominations as the Principal Agent, as applicable, may approve) euro 0.01 and 
such other denominations as the Principal Agent, as applicable, shall determine and notify to 
the Securityholders; 
5.1.4 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the N&C Securities) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange 
(provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of 
them.  The payment obligations contained in any N&C Securities and Receipts so issued will 
also become void on that date although those N&C Securities and Receipts will continue to 
constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer.  New euro-denominated N&C Securities, 
Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Principal Agent, as applicable, 
may specify and as shall be notified to the Securityholders in the Exchange Notice.  No

--- Page 214 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
214 
 
 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or 
interest on the N&C Securities; 
5.1.5 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the N&C Securities, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the N&C Securities 
to the Specified Currency were to euro.  Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer 
to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
5.1.6 
if the N&C Securities are Fixed Rate N&C Securities and interest for any period ending on or 
after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a 
Coupon Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
5.1.6.1 in the case of the N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the N&C 
Securities represented by such Global N&C Security; and 
5.1.6.2 in the case of definitive N&C Securities, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate N&C Security in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate N&C Security shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding; 
5.1.7 
if the N&C Securities are Floating Rate N&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
5.1.8 
on the basis of such other changes to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Principal Agent, as applicable, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
take into account relevant features of the N&C Securities and/or conform it to conventions 
then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
5.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities) any date for payment 
of interest under the N&C Securities or (in the case of Zero Coupon N&C Securities) any date, in each 
case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to paragraph 5.1 above 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates 
in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; and

--- Page 215 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
215 
 
 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the N&C Securities are Fixed FX Interest N&C 
Securities, Equity Conditional Interest N&C Securities (which will also be Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities), Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities (which will also be Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities), Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities, Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities, Dual 
Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities, Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities or Swap Rate 
Linked Interest N&C Securities (each a form of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities), Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities, Floating Rate N&C Securities or Zero Coupon N&C Securities or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, any other applicable interest basis. 
Where the N&C Securities are specified to be Fixed Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable in 
respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.2 below. 
Where the N&C Securities are specified to be Floating Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable in 
respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.3 below. 
Where the N&C Securities are Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, the interest payable in respect 
of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.3 below, other than the Rate 
of Interest, which will be calculated in accordance with the relevant paragraph of Condition 22.1 
below. 
Where the N&C Securities are Exempt N&C Securities which are not also Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
or Floating Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable in respect of the N&C Securities will be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6.4 below. 
6.1 
Day Count Fraction 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6: 
6.1.1 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
6.1.1.1 in the case of N&C Securities where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Coupon Payment Date (or, if none, the Coupon 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
6.1.1.2 in the case of N&C Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 216 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
216 
 
 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
6.1.2 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Coupon Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Coupon 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Coupon Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Coupon Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
6.1.3 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Coupon Period divided by 365; 
6.1.4 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Coupon Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Coupon Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
6.1.5 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Coupon Period divided by 360; 
6.1.6 
if "30/360 (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Coupon Payment Date (or, if none, the Coupon 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
6.1.7 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Coupon Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Coupon Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Coupon Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Coupon Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Coupon Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
6.1.8 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Coupon Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360

--- Page 217 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
217 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Coupon Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Coupon Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Coupon Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Coupon Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
6.1.9 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Coupon Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Coupon Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Coupon Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Coupon Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Coupon Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Coupon Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
6.1.10 if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
6.1.11 if "Calculation/252" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Coupon Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = (DCDp
252
⁄
) 
where:

--- Page 218 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
218 
 
 
"Calculation Days" or "DCDp" is the number of Business Days in the Coupon Period 
determined by reference to the Business Day Convention, if applicable; or 
6.1.12 if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Coupon Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Coupon Period), 0.25, except that if the first Coupon Period or the last Coupon 
Period is less than three months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Coupon 
Period; 
(b) 
if the Coupon Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Coupon Period), 0.5, except that if the first Coupon Period or the last Coupon 
Period is less than six months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Coupon 
Period; and 
(c) 
if the Coupon Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer 
first and last Coupon Period), 1, except that if the first Coupon Period or the last 
Coupon Period is less than twelve months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that 
Coupon Period. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Coupon Commencement Date or 
the final Coupon Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
For the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction in respect of any Fixed Rate N&C Securities, 
references in this Condition 6.1 to "Coupon Period" should be construed to refer to the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Period. 
6.2 
Interest on Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Fixed Rate N&C Securities only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Coupon Commencement 
Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Coupon Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate N&C Security bears interest from (and including) the Coupon Commencement Date 
at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Coupon Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the N&C Securities are in definitive form except, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities only, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Coupon Payment Date 
in respect of the Fixed Coupon Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Coupon Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 219 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
219 
 
 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Coupon Period means the period from (and including) 
a Coupon Payment Date (or the Coupon Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Coupon Payment Date. 
Except in the case of N&C Securities in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
6.2.1 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a Global N&C Security, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate N&C Securities represented by 
such Global N&C Security or, if they are Partly Paid N&C Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up; or 
6.2.2 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as 
applicable, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate N&C Security in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate N&C Security shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
only.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of interest in 
respect of such N&C Securities and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 and, in the 
case of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, the relevant paragraph of Condition 22.1 below for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-
Exempt Interest N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates, any Coupon Accrual Dates, any Specified Period, the Coupon 
Commencement Date, any Business Day Convention and any Additional Business Centres.  In respect 
of Floating Rate N&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the 
amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest 
rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify, inter alia, the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity (if applicable) and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, 
Relevant Financial Centre, Coupon Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  In respect of 
Non-Exempt Interest Securities, the applicable Final Terms will also identify these items specified in 
the applicable paragraph of Condition 22.1 below. 
6.3.1 
Coupon Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate N&C Security and Non-Exempt Interest N&C Security bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(1) 
the Specified Coupon Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(2) 
if no Specified Coupon Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Coupon Payment Date,

--- Page 220 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
220 
 
 
a Coupon Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Coupon 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Coupon Payment Date, after the Coupon 
Commencement Date. 
For N&C Securities other than Conditional Interest Securities, such interest will be payable 
in respect of each Coupon Period.  In these Conditions, Coupon Period means (a) in the case 
of Floating Rate N&C Securities, the period from (and including) a Coupon Payment Date (or 
the Coupon Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Coupon Payment Date 
or (b) in the case of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, the period from (and including) a 
Coupon Accrual Date (or the Coupon Commencement Date) to (but excluding the next (or 
first) Coupon Accrual Date.  The Coupon Accrual Date(s) (if applicable) will be the date(s) 
in each year specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (each a Coupon Accrual Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Coupon Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Coupon Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
6.3.1.1 in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.3.1(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Coupon Payment Date 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case 
of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Coupon Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Coupon 
Payment Date occurred; or 
6.3.1.2 the Following Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
6.3.1.3 the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Coupon Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
6.3.1.4 the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and

--- Page 221 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
221 
 
 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of each such relevant currency (which if the currency is 
Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland or Hong 
Kong, respectively) and/or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open;  
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
6.3.2 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate N&C Securities that 
are Non-Exempt Securities will be determined in accordance with this Condition 6.3.2.  The 
Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
will be determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of Condition 22.1 below.  The 
Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate N&C Securities that are 
Exempt Securities will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The provisions of this Condition 6.3.2 are subject to the provisions of Conditions 6.3.8 and 
8.12. 
6.3.2.1 ISDA Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Coupon 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Rate Multiplier (if any) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph 6.3.2.1, ISDA Rate for a Coupon Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(4) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
OIS Compounding;

--- Page 222 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
222 
 
 
(ii) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(iii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift (and if so, Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(5) 
the relevant Payment Date is the relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if the 2021 Definitions apply:  
(i) 
where 'Generic Fallback Provisions' is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix 
as the relevant Permanent Cessation Fallback in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, following the occurrence of the relevant Permanent 
Cessation Trigger in respect of such Floating Rate Option, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 8.12) shall be 
deemed to have occurred on the same date as such Permanent Cessation 
Trigger and the provisions of Condition 8.12 (Adjustment or Redemption 
following an Administrator/Benchmark Event) below shall apply in place of 
such Generic Fallback Provisions; and 
(ii) 
where Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate 
Matrix as applicable in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Option, the 
provisions of Condition 8.12 (Adjustment or Redemption following an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) below shall apply in place of the provisions 
relating 
to 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
and 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback in the 2021 Definitions. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 6.3.2.1, Floating Rate,  Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, OIS 
Compounding, Generic Fallback Provisions, Permanent Cessation Fallback, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback and Permanent Cessation Trigger 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  In connection with 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified 
for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
For this purpose, the relevant Coupon Determination Date will be deemed to be the 
day on which the relevant Rate of Interest is determined on the above basis. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions, all calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the N&C Securities by the Calculation Agent under 
the Terms and Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securityholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms 
and Conditions, any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the Calculation 
Agent (as defined therein): (a) to give notice of a determination made by it to any 
other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent (as defined 
in these Terms and Conditions) to provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (b) 
to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be a requirement to 
consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried out

--- Page 223 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
223 
 
 
orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In addition the 
right of any party under the ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent to take 
any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the 
Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Securityholder 
will have any right to require the Issuer to do this. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Coupon Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. If any 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a Rate of Interest 
applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the reference interest rate swap 
transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall 
not be required to take into account any such any adjustment, fallback, modification, 
correction or replacement (including by reference to the hedging arrangements for the 
relevant series of N&C Securities) and make any related or consequential changes the 
Terms and Conditions (including without limitation any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to the definition of "Coupon Period", timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero, or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities only, such alternative Minimum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub paragraph 6.3.2.1, ISDA Definitions means (i) if "2006 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto, (ISDA), as amended or supplemented from time to time (the 
2006 Definitions), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Floating Rate N&C 
Securities (the 2021 Definitions), provided in each case that if the Calculation Agent 
determines this is appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the 
relevant series of N&C Securities, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor 
definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions or 2021 Definitions as applicable, each as 
supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of 
the date of the relevant determination under this Condition. Investors should consult 
the Issuer if they require a copy of these definitions and relevant supplements which 
in the case of the 2006 Definitions where applicable will include Supplement 70 to 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions referred to as the ISDA IBOR fallbacks supplement. 
6.3.2.2 Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and save where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Coupon Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 224 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
224 
 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such successor display 
page, other published source, information vendor source or other successor source, 
such other display page or other source as the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Coupon 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Rate Multiplier (if any) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Principal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the case of Exempt N&C Securities that are Floating Rate N&C Securities, an 
alternative means for calculating the Rate of Interest may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in which case the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with such alternative approach specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.2: 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. Relevant Financial Centre time. 
(A) 
SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest for each Coupon Period will, subject as provided below and save 
where Index Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Principal Agent or Calculation Agent as applicable (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) calculated as set out immediately 
below: 
Compounded Daily SONIA means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal Agent 
or Calculation Agent as applicable on the Coupon Determination Date  (as 
further specified in the applicable Final Terms) as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 225 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
225 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
– 1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Coupon Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do means (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Coupon Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Coupon Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any SONIA Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified 
as the Observation Method) in the relevant Coupon Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) the 
SONIA Observation Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any day i, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
day i up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
SONIA Observation Period means the period from and including the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Coupon 
Period (and the first Coupon Period shall begin on and include the Coupon 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the day on which such Coupon Period ends 
but which by its definition is excluded from the Coupon Period; 
p means (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day); and 
SONIAi-pLBD means:

--- Page 226 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
226 
 
 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
in respect of any London Banking Day i falling in the relevant Coupon 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling 
p London Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day i 
falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA 
reference rate for such day. 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, and Index Determination 
is specified, the Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period will be calculated by 
reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to 
time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates specified below, 
as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded 
Index) and the following formula. For the avoidance of doubt, such Rate of 
Interest will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) as calculated by the Principal Agent or Calculation Agent as 
applicable (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒 = (
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑥– 1) 𝑥
365
𝑑  
Where: 
x denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Coupon 
Period;  
y denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the day on which the relevant 
Coupon Period ends (but which but its definition is excluded from the Coupon 
Period);  
d is the number of calendar days  from (and including) the day in relation to 
which x is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which y is 
determined; and 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 227 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
227 
 
 
(B) 
SOFR 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Coupon Period will, subject as provided below and save 
where Index Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Principal Agent or Calculation Agent as applicable (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) calculated as set out immediately 
below: 
Compounded Daily SOFR means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Principal Agent 
or Calculation Agent as applicable (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Coupon Determination Date (as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
– 1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Coupon Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
d0, means (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Coupon Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Coupon Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method) in the 
relevant Coupon Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method) the SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;

--- Page 228 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
228 
 
 
p means (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR reference rate, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight 
financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
for the publication of such rate (the "New York Fed’s Website") (in each 
case, on or about 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such USBDx) or if the New 
York Fed's Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator; 
SOFRi-pUSBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling 
in the relevant Coupon Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the 
SOFR for such day; and 
SOFR Observation Period means in respect of each Coupon Period, the 
period from and including the date falling p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Coupon Period to but 
excluding the date p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the day on which such Coupon Period ends but which by its definition is 
excluded from the Coupon Period. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, and Index Determination is 
specified, the Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period will be calculated by 
reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to

--- Page 229 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
229 
 
 
time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates specified below, 
as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SOFR Compounded 
Index) and the following formula. For the avoidance of doubt, such Rate of 
Interest will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) as calculated by the Principal Agent or Calculation Agent as 
applicable (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑦 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒 = (
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑥– 1) 𝑥
365
𝑑  
Where: 
x denotes that the relevant SOFR Compounded Index is the SOFR 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Coupon Period;  
y denotes that the relevant SOFR Compounded Index is the SOFR 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the day on 
which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its definition is 
excluded from the Coupon Period);  
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Coupon Period; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
€STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate Note in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined for such note, and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Coupon Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as 
applicable (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) calculated as 
immediately set out below. 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to a Coupon Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short 
term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Principal Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Coupon Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
– 1] × 360
𝑑

--- Page 230 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
230 
 
 
Definitions 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Coupon Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
dO is the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Coupon Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
€STR with respect to any day means the euro short term rate published for 
such day by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or 
a successor administrator), on the ECB's Website. 
€STR reference rate, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term ("€STR") rate for such 
TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, 
or 
any 
successor 
website for the publication of such rate (the ECB's Website) on such 
TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i", the €STR 
reference rate for the TARGET2 Business Day falling "p" TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day "i"; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant 
TARGET2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET2 Business Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Coupon Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
ni, for any TARGET2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such TARGET2 Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following TARGET2 Business Day; 
Observation Look-Back Period p is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the day falling 
"p" TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Coupon 
Period to (but excluding) the day falling "p" TARGET2 Business Days prior 
to day on which such Coupon Period ends but which by its definition is 
excluded from the Coupon Period; 
p means (save as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the number of 
TARGET2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 231 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
231 
 
 
Relevant €STRi means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(b) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 
Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR 
reference rate for such day; 
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open; and 
TBD means a TARGET2 Business Day. 
6.3.3 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Coupon Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Coupon Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6.3.2 above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Coupon Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
The Rate of Interest in any event may not be less than zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Coupon Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Coupon Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6.3.2 above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Coupon Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
6.3.4 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Coupon Amounts 
The Principal Agent, in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities, and the Calculation Agent, 
in the case of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, will, at or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Coupon Period or, in the case of Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities, Coupon Payment Date.  In the case of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Coupon Period or, in the case of Conditional Interest N&C Securities, Coupon Payment Date 
as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Principal Agent, in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities, and the Calculation Agent, 
in the case of Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
Coupon Amount) payable on the N&C Securities for the relevant Coupon Period or, in the 
case of Conditional Interest N&C Securities, Coupon Payment Date by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
6.3.4.1 in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
that are represented by a Global N&C Security: 
(a) 
if "Per Calculation Amount" is specified as the relevant Coupon Calculation 
Basis in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
if "Aggregate Nominal Amount" is specified as the relevant Coupon 
Calculation Basis in the applicable Final Terms or if no Coupon Calculation 
Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate outstanding

--- Page 232 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
232 
 
 
nominal amount of the N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C 
Security (or, if they are Partly Paid N&C Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up); or 
6.3.4.2 in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities and Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case other than for Conditional Interest N&C Securities, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and, in each case, rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate N&C Security or 
a Non-Exempt Interest N&C Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of such N&C Security shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding.  In such case, the Calculation Agent will notify the Principal 
Agent of the Coupon Amount for the relevant Coupon Period or, in the case of Conditional 
Interest N&C Securities, Coupon Payment Date as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
6.3.5 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Coupon Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Coupon Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (if applicable) were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Coupon Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (if 
applicable) were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Coupon Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Agent, or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate; and 
Reference Rate has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.3.6 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Coupon Amounts 
The Principal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Coupon Amount for each Coupon Period or, in the case of Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities, Coupon Payment Date and the relevant Coupon Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate N&C Securities or Non-
Exempt Interest N&C Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Coupon Amount 
and Coupon Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate

--- Page 233 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
233 
 
 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Coupon Period.  Any such amendment will as soon as 
reasonably practicable be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
N&C Securities or Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities are for the time being listed and to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of this paragraph 6.3.6, 
the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
6.3.7 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.3, whether by the Principal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities), the Principal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Securityholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities), the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3.8 
Fallbacks 
6.3.8.1 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event on a Relevant Benchmark linked Floating Rate N&C 
Security 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions and in 
relation only to a Series of Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities (as such term is defined in 
N&C Securities Condition 6.3.8.3) and the related Relevant Benchmark, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to such relevant determination date that a Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred with respect to a Relevant Benchmark, then the Calculation Agent shall 
be obliged, without the consent or sanction of the Securityholders (including without the 
requirement to provide to Securityholders an opportunity to object) to modify these Terms 
and Conditions and/or take any other appropriate actions, in each case on the following basis 
solely with respect to such Series of Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities calculated by 
reference to such a Relevant Benchmark and in relation only to determinations of the rate of 
interest payable on such Series of Floating Rate N&C Securities: 
(1) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination of the Relevant Benchmark on any date applicable to the relevant 
Floating Rate N&C Securities, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Relevant Benchmark for all purposes relating to the relevant Floating Rate 
N&C Securities calculated by reference to a Relevant Benchmark in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.  
(2) 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate N&C Securities, the Calculation Agent will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate N&C Securities calculated by reference to a Relevant Benchmark from 
time to time.

--- Page 234 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
234 
 
 
(3) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 6.3.8, including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, in 
each case, solely with respect to the relevant Floating Rate N&C Securities, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the relevant Floating Rate 
N&C Securities, shall become effective without consent, sanction or absence of 
objection from any other party (including Securityholders).  
(4) 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any other 
Terms and Conditions, this Condition 6.3.8 shall prevail with respect to any Vanilla 
Floating Rate N&C Securities calculated by reference to a Relevant Benchmark. 
(5) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Benchmark 
Replacement replace the then-current Relevant Benchmark and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes on more than one occasion provided that the 
conditions set out in this Condition 6.3.8 are satisfied. 
(6) 
Where a Benchmark Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Date then the Calculation Agent may on or after 
such earlier announcement date give notice to Securityholders of the relevant changes 
which will be made to the N&C Securities provided that such changes will only take 
effect as of the Benchmark Replacement Date and that the Calculation Agent may in 
its option determine that it is appropriate to delay publication of the relevant notice if 
it determines the Benchmark Transition Event is not then material for the N&C 
Securities and this will not prevent the Calculation Agent applying consequences 
under this Condition in the future in relation to the occurrence of the relevant 
Benchmark Transition Event. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the N&C 
Securities as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, 
irrespective of the fact that such event may have occurred prior to the Issue Date. 
6.3.8.2 Effect of no Benchmark Transition Event on a Relevant Benchmark linked Floating Rate N&C 
Securities 
If, by the relevant Reference Time of the Relevant Benchmark on a relevant determination 
date, the Relevant Benchmark is unavailable in respect of such determination date and a 
Benchmark Transition Event has not occurred, then the rate for such determination date will 
be the Relevant Benchmark, where applicable of the Corresponding Tenor, as provided by the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark and published by an alternative authorised 
distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark itself. If no such 
rate has been published by the Rate Cut-Off Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
if no time is so specified, 4 p.m. (London time)),  then the rate for such determination date 
will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the Relevant Benchmark by applying one of the following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark; 
or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body or any 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising the Relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark,

--- Page 235 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
235 
 
 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the Relevant Benchmark and for so long 
as a Benchmark Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) is 
available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available but a rate 
described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If 
neither a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is 
available, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a commercially reasonable alternative 
for the Relevant Benchmark taking into account where available any rate implemented by 
central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in 
derivatives or futures referencing the Relevant Benchmark that the Calculation Agent 
considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
6.3.8.3 Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, the 
following definitions shall apply with respect to this Condition 6.3.8: 
Benchmark Replacement means (in respect of an IBOR Benchmark, if the Calculation Agent 
can determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date) the 
Interpolated Benchmark; or (in respect of an IBOR Benchmark if the Calculation Agent 
cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date or in 
respect of a RFR Benchmark), then the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
(in respect of an IBOR Benchmark only) the sum of: (a) Compounded Relevant 
Replacement Rate and (b) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) (in respect of an IBOR Benchmark 
only) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Relevant 
Benchmark, where applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) (in 
respect of an IBOR Benchmark only) the applicable Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(4) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Relevant Benchmark, where applicable 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Relevant Benchmark 
for floating rate notes denominated in the currency of the Relevant Benchmark (the 
Relevant Benchmark Currency) calculated at such time and (b) (in respect of an 
IBOR Benchmark only) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent:  
(1) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Relevant Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any floating rate notes calculated 
by reference to a Relevant Benchmark at such time.

--- Page 236 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
236 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes with respect to any 
Floating Rate N&C Securities calculated by reference to a Relevant Benchmark (including 
changes to the definition of “Coupon Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, changes to the definition of “Corresponding Tenor”, any other 
Term and Condition and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement with respect to any  
Floating Rate N&C Securities calculated by reference to a Relevant Benchmark in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary).  
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Relevant Benchmark:  
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Relevant Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
effective date as of which the Relevant Benchmark will no longer be representative 
based on the most recent announcement or statement of the relevant supervisor, which 
may be the date of the public statement or publication of information or another date,  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination.  
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Relevant Benchmark:  
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Relevant Benchmark announcing that the administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Relevant Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark;  
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Relevant Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Relevant Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(3) 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator and/or sponsor of a Relevant 
Benchmark (a) has determined and announced that the Relevant Benchmark is no 
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the

--- Page 237 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
237 
 
 
underlying market and economic reality it is intended to measure and 
representativeness will not be restored and (b) is aware that certain contractual triggers 
for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor 
(howsoever described) in contracts have been or are engaged.  
Compounded Daily €STR with respect to any day means the euro short term rate published 
for such day by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the ECB's Website. 
Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing 
rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Website.  
Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to any day means the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate as provided for such day by the Bank of England, as the administrator of such 
rate (or a successor administrator), to authorised distributors and published. 
Compounded Relevant Replacement Rate means, the compounded average of Relevant 
Replacement Rates of the IBOR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the 
rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate (which, for example, may be 
compounded in arrears with a lookback and/or suspension period as a mechanism to determine 
the interest amount payable prior to the end of each Coupon Period or compounded in 
advance) being established by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the rate, or 
methodology for the Relevant Replacement Rate, and conventions for this rate that have been 
selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market 
practice for similar transactions denominated in the Relevant Benchmark Currency at such 
time.  
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current Relevant Benchmark.  
ECB's 
Website 
means 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any successor website of the 
European Central Bank (for the avoidance of doubt, this website (and/or any successor source) 
and the contents thereof do not form part these Terms and Conditions). 
Euro Benchmark means, initially, EURIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to EURIBOR, or the then-current Euro Benchmark, then “Euro Benchmark” means 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
Euro LIBOR Benchmark means, initially, Euro-LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided 
that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Euro-LIBOR, or the then-current Euro LIBOR Benchmark, then 
“Euro LIBOR Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source (for the avoidance 
of doubt, this website (and/or any successor source) and the contents thereof do not form part 
these Terms and Conditions).  
€STR Benchmark means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR of the appropriate tenor (if 
applicable); provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark

--- Page 238 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
238 
 
 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-
current €STR Benchmark, then “€STR Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
IBOR Benchmark means where the Relevant Benchmark is (1) USD LIBOR Benchmark, 
(2) Sterling LIBOR Benchmark, (3) Euro LIBOR Benchmark or (4) Euro Benchmark. 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the Relevant Benchmark, means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Relevant 
Benchmark for the longest period (for which the Relevant Benchmark is available) that is 
longer than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Relevant Benchmark for the shortest period 
(for which the Relevant Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor.  
ISDA Definitions means any of (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto (ISDA), (ii) the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA or (iii) any successor definitional 
booklet to the Definitions specified in (i) or (ii), in each case as selected by the Calculation 
Agent as most appropriate at the relevant time by reference to the hedging arrangements for 
the relevant series of N&C Securities. Where relevant the Calculation Agent may also but is 
not required to determine by reference to such hedging arrangements that one or more 
supplements, amendments or updates for interest rate derivatives using the relevant 
Definitions applies as an integral part of the ISDA Definitions. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Relevant Benchmark for the applicable tenor.  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Relevant Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment.  
Rate Cut-off Time has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Relevant Benchmark means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is USD LIBOR Benchmark, 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) on the day that is two London Banking Days preceding the date of such 
determination; 
(2) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is Sterling LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the 
date of such determination; 
(3) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is Euro LIBOR Benchmark or Euro Benchmark, 
11:00 am (Brussels time) on the day that is two TARGET2 Business Days preceding 
the date of such determination; 
(4) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is SOFR Benchmark, 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following the date of 
such determination;  
(5) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is SONIA Benchmark, 9:00 a.m. (London time) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following the date of such determination;

--- Page 239 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
239 
 
 
(6) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is €STR Benchmark, 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the 
TARGET2 Business Day immediately following the date of such determination; and 
(7) 
otherwise, the time determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
Relevant Benchmark means:  
(1) 
where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is LIBOR and the 
Specified Currency is United States Dollars, the USD LIBOR Benchmark; 
(2) 
where the Reference Rate  specified in the applicable Final Terms is LIBOR and the 
Specified Currency is Pounds Sterling, the Sterling LIBOR Benchmark; 
(3) 
where the Reference Rate  specified in the applicable Final Terms is LIBOR and the 
Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro LIBOR Benchmark; 
(4) 
where the Reference Rate  specified in the applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR, the 
Euro Benchmark; 
(5) 
where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the SOFR Benchmark; 
(6) 
where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded  
Daily SONIA, the SONIA Benchmark; or 
(7) 
where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily €STR, the €STR Benchmark, 
and the term "Relevant Benchmark" will include any related component rate, tenor or 
compounded index rate including without limitation, the SONIA Compounded Index 
and the SOFR Compounded Index 
Relevant Governmental Body means the central bank for the Relevant Benchmark Currency 
(including any board thereof) or any committee officially endorsed and/or convened thereby. 
Relevant Replacement Rate means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is the USD LIBOR Benchmark, Compounded Daily 
SOFR; 
(2) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is the Sterling LIBOR Benchmark, Compounded 
Daily SONIA; or 
(3) 
where the Relevant Benchmark is the Euro LIBOR Benchmark or the Euro 
Benchmark, Compounded Daily €STR. 
RFR Benchmark means where the Relevant Benchmark is (1) SOFR Benchmark, (2) SONIA 
Benchmark or (3) €STR Benchmark. 
SOFR Benchmark means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR of the appropriate tenor (if 
applicable) or where applicable the related compounded index rate; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily SOFR, or the then-current SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR 
Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 240 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
240 
 
 
SONIA Benchmark means, initially, Compounded Daily SONIA of the appropriate tenor (if 
applicable) or where applicable the related compounded index rate; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily SONIA, or the then-current SONIA Benchmark, then “SONIA 
Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
Sterling LIBOR Benchmark means, initially, Sterling-LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; 
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Sterling-LIBOR, or the then-current Sterling LIBOR 
Benchmark, then “Sterling LIBOR Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
USD LIBOR Benchmark means, initially, United States dollar-LIBOR of the appropriate 
tenor; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to United States Dollar-LIBOR, or the then-current United 
States dollar LIBOR Benchmark, then “USD LIBOR Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Securities means N&C Securities in relation to which (a) 
interest is payable where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the method in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Rate of Interest is 
determined solely by reference to the Relevant Benchmark without amendment or adjustment 
other than such Rate of Interest incorporating a fixed Margin,  being subject to a fixed 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or a fixed Minimum Rate of Interest and (c) payment of such 
interest is not subject to any contingency determined by reference to the performance or level 
of any underlying asset or reference basis to which the N&C Securities are linked or refer 
other than pursuant to the Credit Linked Conditions including if applicable N&C Securities 
Conditions 22.2.10, 22.2.15 or 22.2.16. 
6.4 
Interest on Exempt N&C Securities 
This Condition 6.4 is only applicable to Exempt N&C Securities 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt N&C Securities which are not also Fixed 
Rate N&C Securities or Floating Rate N&C Securities shall be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that where such N&C Securities are Index Linked Interest N&C 
Securities, Equity Linked Interest N&C Securities, FX Linked Interest N&C Securities, Commodity 
Linked Interest N&C Securities, Fund Linked Interest N&C Securities and Inflation Linked Interest 
N&C Securities the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Final Terms, apply as if the references therein to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities were references 
to N&C Securities and with the exception that Condition 6.3.2 shall apply as if the reference to 
Floating Rate N&C Securities in the first paragraph thereof was a reference to such applicable N&C 
Securities. 
In the case of Partly Paid N&C Securities (other than Partly Paid N&C Securities which are Zero 
Coupon N&C Securities), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such 
N&C Securities and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each N&C Security (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a N&C Security, that part only of 
such N&C Security) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption, or such earlier

--- Page 241 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
241 
 
 
date as interest would otherwise cease to accrue in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, unless 
payment of principal and/or the delivery of any assets deliverable is improperly withheld or refused.  
In such event, interest will continue to accrue (if the N&C Securities are not Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities) or accrue at such overnight deposit rate determined by the Calculation Agent from such 
source(s) as it may select for each relevant day (if the N&C Securities are Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities) in each case on the principal amount from the date of redemption until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
6.5.1 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such N&C Security have been paid and/or all 
assets deliverable in respect of such N&C Security have been delivered; and 
6.5.2 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
N&C Security has been received by the Principal Agent and/or all assets in respect of such 
N&C Security have been received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets 
to Securityholders and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 16, 
Provided that if Annex 7 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) or Annex 15 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) applies in respect of the N&C 
Securities and 
6.5.2.1 "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each N&C Security shall cease to bear interest from the Coupon Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date is a Coupon Payment Date such Coupon Payment Date or, if the Credit 
Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Coupon Payment Date, no interest shall accrue 
on the N&C Securities; or 
6.5.2.2 "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each N&C Security shall cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination 
Date; and 
Provided Further That, if 
(1) 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6 or Credit Linked Condition 7 applies 
in respect of the N&C Securities and, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 5, a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 6, a Failure to Pay has not occurred 
on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 7, a 
Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to (i) in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 
7 applies, the DC Cut-off Date or (ii) in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 15 applies, 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; and/or 
(2) 
Credit Linked Condition 8 applies in respect of the N&C Securities and, as applicable: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to 
Settlement are not satisfied; or 
(ii) 
in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred; or 
(b) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied,

--- Page 242 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
242 
 
 
in each case, on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date (in respect of N&C Securities to 
which Annex 7 applies) or the Postponed Cut-Off Date (in respect of N&C Securities to which 
Annex 15 applies), 
then interest will accrue as provided in Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit 
Linked Condition 7 or Credit Linked Condition 8, as the case may be. 
Without prejudice to the above, if the N&C Securities are Conditional Interest N&C Securities, no 
interest will be payable in respect of the N&C Securities unless the relevant Coupon Payment Date 
has occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such N&C Securities. 
6.6 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
Other than where (i) it is specifically stated in the Conditions that an amount in respect of accrued 
interest shall not be payable or (ii) "Payment of interest on early redemption" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any interest bearing N&C Securities in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer shall pay, together with the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount, a separate amount on account of the interest element of the N&C Securities being early 
redeemed calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Rate of Interest applicable to the next Coupon Payment Date can be determined 
prior to the relevant due date for payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) on the basis of the Conditions, adjusted only so 
that the due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final Coupon Payment Date, then 
the amount payable shall be calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable 
in respect of the Securities determined on such basis and applying the Day Count Fraction as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate taking into account the period elapsed since the previous Coupon Payment Date 
or (if none) the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, as an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as reflecting the fair 
market value of the interest element of the relevant N&C Securities (if any) less its pro rata 
share of Associated Costs (as defined in Condition 8.7 below). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such amount in respect of the interest element of the N&C Securities 
shall be payable in respect of Conditional Interest N&C Securities, unless all conditions to interest 
being due on the next Coupon Payment Date have been met. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Payment in respect of Bearer N&C Securities  
7.1.1 
Payments in respect of Bearer N&C Securities 
Subject as provided below: 
7.1.1.1 payments in a Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, other than euro will 
be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which, if the currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and

--- Page 243 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
243 
 
 
7.1.1.2 payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
7.1.2 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 7.1.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such definitive Bearer N&C Securities, and payments of 
interest in respect of Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
7.1.3 
Missing Unmatured Coupons 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity N&C Securities (as 
defined below) and save as provided in Condition 7.3 below) should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
7.1.4 
Unmatured Coupons and Talons void 
Upon any Fixed Rate N&C Security in definitive bearer form (other than a Long Maturity N&C 
Security) becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which (i) any interest bearing N&C Security (other than a Fixed Rate N&C Security 
that is not a Long Maturity N&C Security), and (ii) any Long Maturity N&C Security, in each case,  
in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity N&C Security is a Fixed 
Rate N&C Security (other than a Fixed Rate N&C Security which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
N&C Security shall cease to be a Long Maturity N&C Security on the Coupon Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such N&C Security. 
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer N&C Security in definitive form is not a Coupon Payment 
Date and accrued interest is payable on such redemption, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such 
Bearer N&C Security from (and including) the preceding Coupon Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Coupon Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Bearer N&C Security.

--- Page 244 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
244 
 
 
7.1.5 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Global N&C Securities in Bearer Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of N&C Securities represented by any Global 
N&C Security in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in 
Condition 7.1.2 above or in Condition 7.3.1 below, as applicable, in relation to definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global N&C Security, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global N&C Security at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global 
N&C Security by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.2 
Payments in respect of Registered N&C Securities 
7.2.1 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered N&C Securities 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered N&C Security (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered N&C 
Security at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be 
made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered N&C Security appearing in the register of holders of the Registered 
N&C Securities maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of 
the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the 
principal amount of the N&C Securities held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below).  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency (which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro. 
7.2.2 
Payments of interest in respect of Registered N&C Securities 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered N&C Security (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, drawn on a 
Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Registered N&C Security appearing in the Register (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a 
business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at their address shown in the Register 
on the Record Date and at their risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered N&C Security, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 245 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
245 
 
 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other 
than interest due on redemption) and, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities that provide for the 
payment of principal in instalments, to all future instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered N&C Securities, which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by 
such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered N&C Security on redemption 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered N&C Security. 
Holders of Registered N&C Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any such Registered N&C Security as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered N&C Securities. 
7.2.3 
Payment by DTC 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global N&C Security in 
registered form in respect of N&C Securities denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars and/or for which the Settlement Currency is other than U.S. dollars, as applicable, shall be paid 
by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, 
as applicable, of the Exchange Agent (appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of effecting the 
conversion of non-U.S. dollar payments into U.S. dollars and performing all other obligations and 
duties imposed upon it by the Conditions) on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in the N&C Securities has 
elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as 
applicable, in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC. 
7.2.4 
Responsibility and liability for records and payments 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) or the Agents will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in Registered N&C Securities in global form or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.3 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt N&C Securities 
This Condition 7.3 is only applicable to Exempt N&C Securities 
7.3.1 
Payments of instalments of principal in respect of Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Bearer N&C Securities in definitive form, 
other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 7.1.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with paragraph 7.1.2 above.  Payment 
of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant definitive Bearer N&C Security in accordance with paragraph 7.1.2 above.  Each Receipt 
must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant definitive Bearer 
N&C Security to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the relevant definitive Bearer N&C 
Security to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on 
which any Bearer N&C Security in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 246 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
246 
 
 
7.3.2 
Payments of instalments of principal in respect of Registered N&C Securities 
Payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of each Registered 
N&C Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered N&C Security 
appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) 
at their address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at their risk.  Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of an instalment in 
respect of a Registered N&C Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in paragraph 7.2 above.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate 
to all future instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered N&C 
Securities which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as 
the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the final instalment of 
principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
N&C Security.  Holders of Registered N&C Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any such Registered N&C Security 
as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar 
in respect of any payments of principal in respect of the Registered N&C Securities. 
7.4 
Method of Payment 
7.4.1 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any relevant jurisdiction or other laws and regulations to which the Issuers, the Guarantors or their 
Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code, 
and such withholding or deduction 871(m) Withholding) and (iii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  In 
addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to 
be paid on the N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. 
With respect to N&C Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. 
securities, all payments on the N&C Securities that reference such U.S. securities or an index that 
includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant 
U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 
871(m) amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 247 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
247 
 
 
The holder of a Global N&C Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security and the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global N&C 
Security in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount or number 
of units of N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global N&C 
Security. 
7.4.2 
Place of Payment 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer N&C Securities is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such N&C Securities will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
7.4.2.1 the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer N&C Securities in the manner provided above when due; 
7.4.2.2 payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
7.4.2.3 such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable), adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
7.4.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
7.4.3.1 a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(1) 
in the case of N&C Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(2) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms (other than 
TARGET2 System); and 
(3) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
7.4.3.2 either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a relevant currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of each such relevant currency (which if the relevant currency 
is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland or Hong

--- Page 248 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
248 
 
 
Kong, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; and 
7.4.3.3 in the case of any payment in respect of a Global N&C Security in registered form 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of 
DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Global N&C Security) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day 
on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed 
in New York City. 
7.4.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the N&C Securities shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
7.4.4.1 any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
7.4.4.2 the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.3 the Early Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.4 the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.5 the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (if any) in respect of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.6 the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (if any) in respect of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.7 the Credit Event Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.8 the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.9 the Mandatory Early Termination Amount(s) (if any) of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.10 the Partial Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.11 the Assessed Value Payment Amount (if any) of the Exempt N&C Securities; 
7.4.4.12 in relation to Exempt N&C Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
7.4.4.13 any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the N&C Securities. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the N&C Securities shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
9. 
7.5 
CNY Currency Event 
7.5.1 
CNY Currency Event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a CNY Currency 
Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in 
Renminbi in respect of any N&C Security, Receipt, or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a 
payment in Renminbi under the terms of the N&C Securities may in the Issuer's sole discretion acting

--- Page 249 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
249 
 
 
in good faith, be postponed by up to 14 calendar days and/or replaced by an obligation to pay such 
amount in U.S. dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date.  
7.5.2 
Occurrence of CNY Currency Event 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Securityholder in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the CNY 
Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
7.5.3 
Definitions 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the N&C Securities; 
CNY Currency Event means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY 
Inconvertibility; 
CNY Illiquidity means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or its agents are unable to obtain, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, sufficient CNY to enable the Issuer to make a payment under the N&C Securities, as 
determined by the Issuer in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two 
independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong; 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer, any 
of its Affiliates or its agents to convert (i) U.S. dollars into (ii) any amount due in respect of the N&C 
Securities that is payable by the Issuer in CNY, on any payment date at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates or its agents to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates or its agents to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the CNY clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or its agents to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule, or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00am (Hong Kong 
time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page

--- Page 250 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
250 
 
 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere 
and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market.  
7.5.4 
CNY account 
All payments in respect of any N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon in Renminbi will be made solely by 
credit to a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial 
centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong or any 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s)). 
7.6 
Non-Permitted Holders and suspension of deliveries and payments at the option of the Issuer 
7.6.1 
If the Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that a 
Non-Permitted Holder holds any legal or beneficial interest in an N&C Security, the Issuer 
may, from the time of such determination and without notice to the Non-Permitted Holder, 
suspend all Relevant Deliveries and Payments to the Non-Permitted Holder for so long as the 
Affected Period continues. 
7.6.2 
During the Affected Period the Issuer may but is not required to consider whether it is 
permitted under (i) Sanctions and all other applicable law and regulation; and (ii) the Issuer's 
internal legal, compliance and operational policies ((i) and (ii) together, the Issuer 
Requirements), to arrange for an alternative means of making deliveries or payments, as 
applicable, to or for the benefit of the Non-Permitted Holder. If the Issuer determines that it is 
so permitted, the Issuer may but is not required to liaise with the Non-Permitted Holder or 
such other persons as may be appropriate in order to arrange for such alternative means of 
making deliveries or payments to be put in place. 
7.6.3 
At any time on or after the two year anniversary of the commencement of the Affected Period 
or if earlier the scheduled maturity of the N&C Securities, the Issuer may in its sole and 
absolute discretion cancel the N&C Securities then held by the Non-Permitted Holder, in 
which case: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall have no further obligations under the N&C Securities then held by the 
Non-Permitted Holder and shall not be required to reimburse or otherwise account to 
the Non-Permitted Holder for any Relevant Deliveries and Payments; 
(b) 
the N&C Securities shall be deemed to have expired worthless, shall be cancelled by 
the Principal Agent in accordance with Condition 8.10 and if the Securities are in 
definitive form the Non-Permitted Holder shall immediately surrender the N&C 
Securities to or to the order of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
any rights or claims of the Non-Permitted Holder in respect of such N&C Securities 
and any Relevant Deliveries and Payments shall be extinguished and the Non-
Permitted Holder shall have no further recourse to the Issuer, irrespective of whether 
the Non-Permitted Holder complies with its obligation to surrender the N&C 
Securities under this Condition 7.6.3. 
7.6.4 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, if at any time following the 
commencement of the Affected Period and provided the Issuer has not then cancelled the 
N&C Securities pursuant to Condition 7.6.3 above the Issuer has reasonable grounds to

--- Page 251 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
251 
 
 
believe that (i) due to a change in Sanctions or any other applicable law or regulation a 
Securityholder is no longer a Non-Permitted Holder, or (ii) the Non-Permitted Holder has 
availed itself of a licence, permission or other dispensation under which it is lawfully able to 
accept and the Issuer is lawfully able to make Relevant Deliveries and Payments in respect of 
N&C Securities then held by it notwithstanding its status as a Non-Permitted Holder, the 
Issuer may but is not required to, and only if permitted by the Issuer Requirements: 
(a) 
resume deliveries and payments in respect of N&C Securities then held by the 
Securityholder; and 
(b) 
within five Business Days of the resumption of such deliveries and payments, arrange 
for a delivery or a payment, as applicable, to be made to the Securityholder which the 
Issuer determines is equal to any Relevant Deliveries and Payments not received by 
the Securityholder as a result of the Issuer's exercise of its rights under Condition 
7.6.1, provided that the Securityholder shall not be entitled to receive any interest on 
or other compensation in relation to the delay in such Relevant Deliveries and 
Payments. 
7.6.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may rely on and exercise its rights under this Condition 
7.6 on more than one occasion, whether in relation to the same Securityholders and Sanctions 
regime or otherwise.  
For these purposes: 
Affected Period means the period beginning on and including the date upon which the Issuer 
makes a determination under Condition 7.6.1 and continuing for so long as the Issuer remains 
of the view that there are reasonable grounds to believe the relevant holder remains a Non-
Permitted Holder. 
Non-Permitted Holder means, in relation to any Series of N&C Securities, any legal or 
natural person who is listed on a Sanctions List or is otherwise subject to Sanctions for any 
reason which is relevant for the purposes of Relevant Deliveries and Payments under the N&C 
Securities, whether specifically affected itself or as a result of having a relevant connection 
with a person who is so affected.  
OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury. 
Relevant Deliveries and Payments means all deliveries and all payments of principal, 
interest and any other amounts which are or would become due and payable to the Non-
Permitted Holder but for the Issuer's exercise of its right to suspend such deliveries and 
payments under Condition 7.6.1. 
Sanctions means any trade, economic or financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or 
restrictive measures administered, enacted or enforced by a Sanctions Authority. 
Sanctions Authority means: 
(a) 
the Security Council of the United Nations; 
(b) 
the United States of America; 
(c) 
the European Union; 
(d) 
the United Kingdom;

--- Page 252 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
252 
 
 
(e) 
Japan; and 
(f) 
the governments and institutions or agencies of any of paragraphs (a) to (e) above, 
including OFAC, the US Department of State, the Council of the European Union, 
Her Majesty's Treasury, the Ministry of Finance Japan and the Ministry of Economy, 
Trade and Industry Japan. 
Sanctions List means each of the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list 
maintained by OFAC, the Consolidated List of Persons and Entities subject to Financial 
Sanctions maintained by the European Commission, the Consolidated List of Financial 
Sanctions Targets maintained by Her Majesty's Treasury through OFSI, the sanctions list 
maintained by the Ministry of Finance Japan and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry 
Japan or any similar list maintained by, or public announcement of a Sanctions designation 
made by, a Sanctions Authority, each as amended, supplemented or substituted from time to 
time. 
8. 
REDEMPTION, 
PURCHASE, 
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK 
EVENTS 
AND 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENT 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below: 
(i) 
Non-Exempt N&C Securities 
Each N&C Security other than an Exempt N&C Security, will be redeemed by the Issuer at 
its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of certain 
Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities set out in Condition 22.2 below, determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant paragraph of Condition 22 below in the relevant Specified 
Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, on the Maturity Date (each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
Exempt N&C Securities 
Each Exempt N&C Security will be redeemed by the Issuer (i) at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable on the 
Maturity Date or (ii) if the N&C Securities are specified as Physical Delivery N&C Securities 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, by applying the Nominal Amount of each N&C Security 
outstanding as at the Maturity Delivery Date (as defined in Annex 8 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C Securities) or (in the case of Credit Linked N&C 
Securities) the Credit Settlement Date, as applicable, on behalf of the relevant Securityholder 
to purchase the Entitlement for delivery, as specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and delivering the Entitlement (subject as provided in Annex 
8 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C Securities). 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.7, the N&C Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this N&C Security is not a Floating Rate N&C Security) or on any 
Coupon Payment Date (if this N&C Security is a Floating Rate N&C Security), on giving not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Principal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Securityholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 253 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
253 
 
 
8.2.1 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the N&C Securities, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 in respect 
of any amounts required to be withheld or deducted from payments under the N&C Securities 
or, in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor would be unable for reasons 
outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be 
required to pay such additional amounts in each case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
9) or any change in the application or any official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(without prejudice to Condition 9), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the N&C Securities; and 
8.2.2 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be in respect of Guaranteed 
N&C Securities, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the N&C Securities 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Agent to make available at its specified office, during normal business hours, to 
Securityholders (i) a certificate signed by one managing director of the Issuer or, as the case may be 
in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, a representative executive officer of the Guarantor stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be in 
respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
N&C Securities redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph 8.7 below. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or upon a regulatory event), such 
option being referred to as an Issuer Call.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any 
Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), 
the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of N&C Securities which can 
be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the N&C Securities then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of N&C Securities, the N&C 
Securities to be redeemed (Redeemed N&C Securities) will (i) in the case of Redeemed N&C 
Securities represented by definitive N&C Securities, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed N&C Securities 
represented by a Global N&C Security, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or

--- Page 254 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
254 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC.  In the case 
of Redeemed N&C Securities represented by definitive N&C Securities, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed N&C Securities will be published in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Securityholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
N&C Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 not less than the minimum period 
and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such N&C Security on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount.  Registered N&C Securities may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8.4 in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination.  In the case of Exempt N&C 
Securities only, it may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or 
circumstances will need to be satisfied.  Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement of the relevant Exempt N&C Securities. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this N&C Security the holder of this N&C Security 
must, if this N&C Security is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer N&C 
Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered N&C Securities) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice 
period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered 
N&C Securities, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount 
of the Registered N&C Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered N&C Security in definitive form in respect of the balance of such Registered N&C 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this N&C 
Security is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this N&C Security or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this N&C Security will, following delivery 
of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of this N&C 
Security the holder of this N&C Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the Principal Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC from time to time and, 
if this N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security, the terms of which require presentation 
for recording changes to its nominal amount or number of Securities at the same time present or 
procure the presentation of the relevant Global N&C Security to the Principal Agent for notation 
accordingly.

--- Page 255 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
255 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC by a holder of any N&C Security pursuant to this Condition 8.4 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such N&C Security 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Redemption upon a Regulatory Event 
This Condition 8.5 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer upon a regulatory event as described below, such option being referred 
to as an Issuer Regulatory Call.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Issuer Regulatory Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.5 for full information on 
any Issuer Regulatory Call.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the applicable 
notice periods. 
Unless this Condition 8.5 is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the N&C 
Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving 
not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in the event that a change (including a future change) in applicable law or regulation has 
occurred or will occur that results, or will result, by reason of the N&C Securities being outstanding, 
in the Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional jurisdiction or regulatory authority, or 
being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation considered by the Issuer to be materially 
onerous to it.  If no such minimum period of notice or maximum period of notice is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such minimum period of notice shall be 5 Business Days and such maximum 
period of notice shall be 20 Business Days. 
N&C Securities redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph 8.7 below. 
Where any event or circumstance is or may be an event or circumstance as described in more than one 
of this Condition 8.5, Condition 8.6 (Redemption for Illegality) or the definition of Change in Relevant 
Law in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Short Price Payout N&C Securities (each a Relevant 
Provision), the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion which of such Relevant Provisions it will 
apply (if applicable) to the relevant event or circumstance and no Relevant Provision will be qualified 
or limited by the existence of any other Relevant Provision. 
8.6 
Redemption for Illegality 
This Condition 8.6 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer upon an illegality as described below, such option being referred to 
as an Illegality Redemption.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Illegality Redemption and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.6 for full information on 
any Illegality Redemption.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the applicable notice 
periods. 
Unless this Condition 8.6 is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that the Issuer determines that the performance of the its obligations under the N&C Securities or, in 
the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, or any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the N&C Securities, has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or the interpretation thereof, the Issuer may,

--- Page 256 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
256 
 
 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), on the expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  If no such minimum 
period of notice or maximum period of notice is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
minimum period of notice shall be 5 Business Days and such maximum period of notice shall be 20 
Business Days. 
8.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
In the event of an early redemption of N&C Securities, each N&C Security shall be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount on the applicable Early Redemption Date. 
The Early Redemption Date shall be the date specified as such in the applicable notice to 
Securityholders informing such Holders of the early redemption. 
The Early Redemption Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
8.7.1 
other than in relation to N&C Securities in respect of which paragraphs 8.7.3 to 8.7.6 below 
are applicable, each N&C Security (other than a Zero Coupon N&C Security) will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being the amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
8.7.2 
other than in relation to N&C Securities in respect of which paragraph 8.7.3 to 8.7.6 below 
are applicable, each Zero Coupon N&C Security will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the N&C Securities to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such N&C Security becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
N&C Securities to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such N&C Security becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the N&C Securities to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such N&C Security 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365);  
8.7.3 
in the case of Reference Item Linked N&C Securities other than Equity Basket Autocall N&C 
Securities being redeemed for an Autocall Event and Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
being redeemed for an Autocall Event, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each unit 
or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will be an amount

--- Page 257 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
257 
 
 
which in the determination of the Calculation Agent represents the fair market value of such 
N&C Securities less Associated Costs (as defined below), provided that, the Calculation 
Agent will not take into account the interest element of the N&C Securities in determining the 
relevant fair market value.  In determining the fair market value of the Securities, the 
Calculation Agent will take into account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant, including without limitation and if applicable, the circumstances of the relevant 
Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event or Potential Adjustment Event, and 
provided that, in the case of an early redemption following the occurrence of an Event of 
Default, no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer or, in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor, which shall each be presumed to be able to 
perform fully its obligations in respect of the N&C Securities; 
8.7.4 
in the case of Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities being redeemed for an Autocall Event, 
the amount specified in Condition 22.2.8; 
8.7.5 
in the case of Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities being redeemed for an Autocall Event, 
the amount specified in Condition 22.2.9; 
8.7.6 
in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, on such other calculation basis as may be specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
As used above, Associated Costs means an amount per nominal amount of the N&C Securities equal 
to the Calculation Amount or unit of N&C Securities equal to such N&C Securities' pro rata share of 
the total outstanding amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, any Affiliate 
and/or Hedging Party (each as defined below) in connection with such early redemption, including, 
without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, settling, substituting, re-establishing and/or 
incurring any funding relating to the N&C Securities and/or any costs associated with unwinding, 
settling, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any hedge or related trading positions relating 
to the N&C Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.As used in these Conditions, 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Hedging Party has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1.2. 
8.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt N&C Securities 
This Condition 8.8 is only applicable to Exempt N&C Securities 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and any Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of any Exempt N&C Securities may be specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 8.2, Exempt N&C 
Securities may be redeemed only on a Coupon Payment Date. 
Instalment N&C Securities will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment N&C Securities will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid N&C Securities will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8 and the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 258 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
258 
 
 
8.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) or any of their Affiliates may at 
any time purchase N&C Securities (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer N&C Securities, all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price 
in the open market or otherwise.  Such N&C Securities may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation, 
provided that any N&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global N&C Security so purchased 
may only be resold pursuant to Rule 144A. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Rule 144A Global N&C Security means a Global N&C Security 
in registered form representing N&C Securities sold in the United States or to QIBs who are also QPs. 
8.10 
Cancellation 
All N&C Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) 
and cannot be reissued or resold.  All N&C Securities so cancelled and any N&C Securities purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 8.9 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon N&C Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon N&C Security upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon N&C Security pursuant to Condition 8.1, 8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon N&C Security shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph 
8.7.2 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon N&C Security becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date 
which is the earlier of: 
8.11.1 the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon N&C Security have been 
paid; and 
8.11.2 five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon N&C Securities has been received by the Principal Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
8.12 
Adjustment or Redemption following an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Save where the relevant Benchmark is a Relevant Benchmark to which N&C Securities Condition 
6.3.8.1 applies in respect of a Vanilla Floating Rate N&C Security, in the event that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
8.12.1 instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the N&C 
Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate to account for the relevant 
event or circumstance, including to take into account any and all costs and expenses (including 
any licensing costs) associated or incurred by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party in connection 
with maintaining the exposure of the N&C Securities to the Affected Benchmark, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will give notice of such 
adjustments to the Issuer and the Issuer shall take such additional actions as it considers 
necessary to effect such adjustments; or 
8.12.2  instruct the Calculation Agent to, select a Replacement Benchmark to replace the exposure 
of the N&C Securities to the Affected Benchmark or, if the Calculation Agent determines a

--- Page 259 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
259 
 
 
Replacement Benchmark is not available or appropriate, replace the Affected Benchmark with 
a Fixed Rate and, in each case, make such other modifications to the Conditions of the N&C 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate in order to account 
for the effect of the replacement of the Affected Benchmark with the Replacement Benchmark 
or Fixed Rate, including to apply any spread adjustment (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or otherwise account for any and all Replacement Related Costs, and to preserve as 
closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the N&C Securities before as after the 
replacement of the Affected Benchmark with the Fixed Rate; or 
8.12.3 having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Securityholders of N&C 
Securities in accordance with Condition 16, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some 
only, of the N&C Securities, each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date, or where 
no Interest Period End Dates are specified in respect of the N&C Securities, the Interest 
Payment Date, coinciding with or immediately preceding the date of redemption.  
The Issuer may determine whether to apply any consequences for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
and, if it does decide to apply one or more consequence(s), may in its sole discretion determine which 
consequence(s) to select. The Issuer may at its option determine whether to apply any consequences 
for an Administrator/Benchmark Event at any relevant time and, without limitation, this may include 
that it is not then appropriate or that the impact of the Administrator/Benchmark Event is not then 
material for the N&C Securities. This will not prevent it applying consequences under this Condition 
in the future in relation to the occurrence of the relevant Administrator/Benchmark Event. If the Issuer 
decides to apply one or more consequence(s) with respect to an Administrator/Benchmark Event that 
has occurred pursuant to paragraph (5) of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event", such 
consequences must not apply earlier than the effective date on which the relevant Benchmark will no 
longer be representative as referred to in paragraph (5) (such effective date may be the date of such 
announcement or another date). Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to 
monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred. In 
determining whether an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will act 
in accordance with Condition 14 and it may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly available 
information and pronouncements from regulators or industry bodies. In selecting a Replacement 
Benchmark, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will act in a commercially reasonable manner. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or 
adjustments and take all actions in respect of the N&C Securities as are provided for in connection 
with an Administrator/Benchmark Event, irrespective of the fact that such event may have occurred 
prior to the Issue Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
N&C Securities.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation 
to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event the Issuer shall determine 
which terms shall apply in its sole discretion acting in good faith and may consult with the Calculation 
Agent or any Hedging Party and may but does not have to take into account the approach to the relevant 
event or circumstance taken in any hedging arrangements. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.12. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Calculation Agent determines that  
(1) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or the level or value 
of a Benchmark is otherwise unavailable or cannot be used as provided for in the Conditions of the 
N&C Securities on any relevant day; or

--- Page 260 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
260 
 
 
(2) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party or any other entity (including any 
counterparty of a Hedging Party) is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the N&C Securities 
or maintain relevant hedging arrangements; or  
(3) 
a Benchmark has been superseded or is no longer the industry standard for transactions that 
would previously have referenced such Benchmark, as a matter of law, regulation, market practice or 
based upon any official announcement of, or protocol published by, any industry body, including, 
without limitation, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and any 
committee sponsored by or constituted at the request of a central bank or any supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Benchmark; 
(4) 
(i) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the N&C Securities or any hedging arrangements from the perspective of the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent or a Hedging Party or (ii) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will 
suffer an increased cost as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order 
to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the N&C Securities or any hedging arrangements and 
for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material 
change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(5) 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark (i) has 
determined and announced that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality it is intended to 
measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is aware that certain contractual triggers 
for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in 
contracts have been or are engaged. 
Affected Benchmark means the Benchmark the subject of or affected by the relevant 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Benchmark means any figure, level, rate, or value by reference to which any amount payable or 
deliverable under the N&C Securities, or the value of the N&C Securities, is determined in whole or 
in part, including, without limitation, any benchmark as defined in the Benchmarks Regulation, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event means, in respect of a Benchmark any of the 
following: 
(i) 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Benchmark, or 
other means of calculating the Benchmark, is materially changed or is reasonably likely to be 
changed; 
(ii) 
the provision of such Benchmark or its publication is or is reasonably likely to be permanently 
or indefinitely cancelled or such provision ceases or is reasonably likely to cease; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
Benchmarks Regulation means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or 
such Regulation as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as that Act is amended from time to time). 
Fixed Rate means an amount, percentage, rate or value which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent it is appropriate to substitute for references to the amount, percentage, rate or value of the

--- Page 261 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
261 
 
 
Affected Benchmark in the Conditions in order to represent the fair market value of the pro rata share 
the Affected Benchmark represents within the N&C Securities’ fair market value adjusted further to 
take into account Replacement Related Costs. In determining the fair market value of the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent will take into account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant, including without limitation and if applicable, the circumstances of the relevant 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
hedging arrangements has the meaning given in Condition 14. 
Hedging Party has the meaning given in Condition 14. 
Replacement Benchmark means, in respect of an Affected Benchmark, (1) such index, benchmark 
or other price source (i) as is recognised or adopted as being an appropriate replacement index, 
benchmark or other price source for the Affected Benchmark in the over-the-counter derivatives 
market or other relevant market(s) in which the Hedging Party maintains hedging arrangements (if 
any)  in relation to the Affected Benchmark for the purposes of the N&C Securities and (ii) which 
reflects most closely those hedging arrangements or (2) if no relevant hedging arrangement are 
maintained at any time then such index, benchmark or other price source as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be an appropriate replacement index, benchmark or other price source for the Affected 
Benchmark for purposes of  the relevant N&C Securities. Where the Affected Benchmark is an interest 
rate (howsoever described) then in making such determination the Calculation Agent shall have regard 
to any index, benchmark or other price source formally recommended for use by the administrator of 
the Affected Benchmark or any index, benchmark or other price source which is formally 
recommended for use by any of (a) the central bank for the currency most closely associated with the 
Affected Benchmark or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either 
the Affected Benchmark or the administrator of the Affected Benchmark or (b) any working group or 
committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank for the currency most closely 
associated with the Affected Benchmark, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible 
for supervising either the Affected Benchmark or the administrator of the Affected Benchmark, (iii) a 
group of those banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board provided that in each 
case the Calculation Agent will not be required to select any such index, benchmark or other price 
source if this would not reflect the hedging arrangements (if any) maintained by the Hedging Party in 
relation to the Affected Benchmark for purposes of the N&C Securities or would otherwise not be 
commercially appropriate for any reason for purposes of the N&C Securities, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Replacement Related Costs means an amount per nominal amount or unit of the N&C Securities 
equal to such N&C Securities' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or 
incurred by the Issuer and/or Hedging Party in connection with replacing the Affected Benchmark 
with a Replacement Benchmark or Fixed Rate, including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding costs relating to the proportion 
the Affected Benchmark represents of the overall N&C Securities' value and/or any costs associated 
with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any hedging arrangements relating to 
the proportion the Affected Benchmark represents of the overall N&C Securities' value and/or any 
related licensing costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8.13 
Inconvertibility Event 
8.13.1 Consequences of an Inconvertibility Event 
Unless Inconvertibility Event is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
if an Inconvertibility Event occurs at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer may (at 
its option) instruct the Calculation Agent to make such determinations under and/or 
adjustments to the Conditions of the N&C Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine

--- Page 262 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
262 
 
 
appropriate to account for the Inconvertibility Event, including to take into account any and 
all amounts, costs and expenses associated with such Inconvertibility Event or incurred by the 
Issuer resulting from the Inconvertibility Event in relation to the N&C Securities (including 
any related hedging arrangements) (Relevant Costs). The Calculation Agent is permitted to 
make such determinations and adjustments which may include, but are not limited to: 
(A) 
payments under the N&C Securities being made in a  Relevant Currency other 
than that which is specified for payment in the Final Terms;  
(B) 
deduction of an amount from payment or delivery amounts otherwise due to 
Securityholders under the relevant N&C Securities, to account for any 
increase in Relevant Costs;  
(C) 
determination by the Calculation Agent of any relevant Settlement Rate at 
such time(s) as it deems appropriate by reference to such source(s) (which 
may include, without limitation, any related hedging arrangements) taking 
into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, in good 
faith;  
(D) 
non-payment or non-delivery of any relevant payment or amount otherwise 
due under the N&C Securities and delay of such payment or delivery and, if 
applicable, determination of any relevant Settlement Rate until such time as 
the relevant Inconvertibility Event has ceased provided that, if the 
Inconvertibility Event continues to exist for more than 365 days (or such 
lesser number of days as the Calculation Agent selects as would fall 
immediately prior to the due date for final redemption of the N&C Securities), 
the provisions of paragraph (E) below shall apply; and/or  
(E) 
regardless of whether or not the Calculation Agent has first applied the 
provisions of any of the above paragraphs,  a determination that each N&C 
Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Early Redemption Amount, 
with the relevant payments in respect of such redemption being made as 
specified in the relevant notice provided to Securityholders. 
Once determined, the Calculation Agent will give notice of any such determinations and/or 
adjustments to the Issuer and the Issuer shall take such additional actions as it considers 
necessary to effect such determinations and/or adjustments, and shall give notice to 
Securityholders in relation to all such determinations and/or adjustments, in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16. The Calculation Agent may make one or more adjustments or 
determinations in relation to the same Inconvertibility Event and will not be limited in its 
ability to select any adjustment or determination it may previously have made in relation to 
the same or a similar Inconvertibility Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above provisions are additional, and without prejudice, to any 
other terms of the N&C Securities.  In the event that other consequences could apply under 
any such other terms in relation to an event or occurrence which would constitute an 
Inconvertibility Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole discretion 
acting in good faith and may consult with the Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party and 
may (but is not obliged to) take into account the approach to the relevant event or circumstance 
taken under any related hedging arrangements.

--- Page 263 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
263 
 
 
8.13.2 Definitions  
For purposes of this Condition 8.13: 
hedging arrangements has the meaning given in Condition 14.1.2. 
Hedging Disruption Event means an event that renders a Hedging Party unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign 
exchange risk (in whole or in part) incurred by the Issuer as a result of the issuance of the 
N&C Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Hedging Party has the meaning given in Condition 14.1.2. 
Inconvertibility Event means any action, event or circumstance whatsoever as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which 
from a legal, regulatory or practical perspective:  
(a) 
has or will have the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting: 
(i) 
the convertibility of any Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency 
through customary legal channels;  
(ii) 
the convertibility of a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency at a 
rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in a 
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction;  
(iii) 
the convertibility, transfer or remittance of a Relevant Currency from 
accounts within a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction to another country or 
countries;  
(iv) 
the ability of the Issuer to make payment in any Relevant Currency 
(including, without limitation, as a result of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on 
repatriation or exchange of one Relevant Currency into another Relevant 
Currency);  
(v) 
the hedging arrangements (which may include the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event);  
(b) 
results or will result in the unavailability of a Relevant Currency in the interbank 
foreign exchange market located in a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels; and/or  
(c) 
prohibits or prevents or will prohibit or prevent the remittance abroad of funds 
invested in a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction, 
in each case including but not limited to, as a direct or indirect result of any force majeure 
events, actual,  anticipated or potential imposition of any capital controls or changes in law or 
regulation relating to foreign investment, tax, corporate or foreign ownership in a Relevant 
Payment Jurisdiction, by any relevant political or regulatory authorities.

--- Page 264 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
264 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Inconvertibility Event may occur in relation to the N&C 
Securities on more than one occasion. Where there are multiple occurrences of an 
Inconvertibility Event, different Relevant Currencies may be selected in each case. 
Relevant Currency means each currency comprised in a currency pair relevant to the N&C 
Securities as determined and selected by the Calculation Agent where each such currency is 
any of (i) a currency specified for payment in the Final Terms, (ii) the currency of 
denomination or trading of the N&C Securities, (iii) a currency most closely associated with 
any asset deliverable under the Conditions in respect of the N&C Securities, (iv) a currency 
most closely associated with any underlying reference asset(s) or basis(es) for the N&C 
Securities, (v) a currency relevant to any hedging arrangements, or (vi) United States dollars.  
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction means each jurisdiction in which the relevant Relevant 
Currency is the lawful currency, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement Rate means, where applicable, any rate specified or used in connection with the 
provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms for the conversion of one Relevant 
Currency into another Relevant Currency.  
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or, if applicable in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor will 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable (or as the case 
may be, the relevant Paying Agent) will make such payment after the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges has been made, shall account to the relevant 
authorities for the amount required to be withheld or deducted and: 
9.1.1 
in the case of N&C Securities which are specified as being Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms, unless the provisions of Condition 9.1.2 are stated in 
the applicable Final Terms to apply to the relevant N&C Securities, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable, shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the N&C 
Securities, Receipts or Coupons; and 
9.1.2 
in the case of N&C Securities which are not specified as being Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms or any Reference Item Linked N&C Securities to 
which the provisions of this Condition 9.1.2 are stated in the applicable Final Terms to apply, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, will, subject to certain limitations and exceptions 
(set forth below), pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders after the 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable in respect of the N&C Securities, or, as the case may be, Receipts or Coupons in 
the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be 
payable in relation to any payment in respect of any N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon: 
9.1.2.1 presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested in the Issuer's 
Jurisdiction or the Guarantor's Jurisdiction (as relevant); 
9.1.2.2 presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested by or on behalf of: 
(i) 
(in the case of payments made by the Issuer, including payments made by the 
Issuer through a Paying Agent) a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties

--- Page 265 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
265 
 
 
in respect of such N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of their having 
some connection with the Issuer's Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of payments made by the Guarantor, including payments made 
by the Guarantor through a Paying Agent) a holder (a) who is, for tax 
purposes in the Guarantor's Jurisdiction or (b) who is otherwise subject to 
such taxes and duties by reason of having some connection with the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of such N&C Security, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
9.1.2.3 presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment 
on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 7.4.3). 
In addition, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to (i) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code, and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 16; and 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Issuer's Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer) or the Guarantor's Jurisdiction 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments by the Guarantor) or, in either case, any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, of principal or interest on the N&C Securities become generally subject. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The N&C Securities (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.1 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.1. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall have occurred and be 
continuing namely:

--- Page 266 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
266 
 
 
11.1.1 default for 30 days in payment when due of amounts payable in respect of principal of any of 
the N&C Securities or in the delivery of any securities due in respect of any of the N&C 
Securities; or 
11.1.2 default for 30 days in payment of interest due on any of the N&C Securities; 
11.1.3 failure by the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) to observe 
or perform any other covenant or agreement of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities), as the case may be, in the N&C Securities or the relevant 
Guarantee (if applicable) or any covenant or agreement for the benefit of the Securityholders 
in the Agency Agreement continuing, in each case for 90 days after written notice shall have 
been given to the Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor (either 
directly or through the Agent) by any Securityholder requesting the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, to remedy such default; or 
11.1.4 (i) any indebtedness for borrowed money other than the N&C Securities having an aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of at least U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C 
Securities) is accelerated and becomes prematurely repayable following a default and for these 
purposes such an event will be deemed not to be continuing if such indebtedness has been 
repaid in full, or (ii) the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) 
defaults in the repayment of any such indebtedness at the maturity thereof or at the expiration 
of any applicable grace period therefor (or in the case of such indebtedness due on demand, 
defaults in the payment of such indebtedness at the expiration of three business days after 
demand therefor or, if longer, any applicable grace period therefor) and in any such case such 
indebtedness is not repaid in full within 15 days following the due date or expiry of any 
applicable grace period or (iii) any guarantee of or indemnity of any indebtedness for 
borrowed money of others having a principal amount or aggregate principal amount for the 
time being outstanding of at least U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) given by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall not be honoured 
when due and called upon at the expiration of any applicable grace period or, if longer, 15 
days following the date demand is made in respect of the guarantee or indemnity; or 
11.1.5 a decree or order by a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall have been entered 
adjudging the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) bankrupt or 
insolvent or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganisation of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or reorganisation law of the Issuer's Jurisdiction or the Guarantor's Jurisdiction (if 
applicable) and such decree or order shall have continued undischarged and unstayed for a 
period of 60 days; or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction in the premises for the 
appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) or of all or substantially 
all of the property of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) 
or for the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) shall have been entered under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or reorganisation law of the Issuer's Jurisdiction or the Guarantor's Jurisdiction (if 
applicable) and such decree or order shall have continued undischarged and unstayed for a 
period of 60 days; or 
11.1.6 the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) shall institute 
proceedings to be adjudicated a voluntary bankrupt or shall consent to the filing of a 
bankruptcy proceeding against it or shall file a petition or answer or consent seeking 
moratorium of payments (in respect of the Issuer only), reorganisation or arrangement under 
the applicable bankruptcy or reorganisation law of the Issuer's Jurisdiction or the Guarantor's

--- Page 267 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
267 
 
 
Jurisdiction (if applicable), or shall consent to the filing of any such petition, or shall consent 
to the appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency 
of it or of all or substantially all of its property, or shall make an assignment for the benefit of 
its creditors or shall make any composition with its creditors or shall admit in writing its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or corporate action shall be taken by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) in furtherance of any 
of the aforesaid purposes; or 
11.1.7 the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) shall cease to carry on 
the whole or substantially the whole of its business or shall dispose of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its assets, in each case except for the purposes of or pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction the terms whereof have been approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders or except for the purposes of or 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which the 
continuing entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in 
the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) under the N&C Securities or the relevant Guarantee, 
respectively; provided, however, that in the case of the Guarantor, this paragraph shall not be 
applicable in the event of a reorganisation of the Guarantor as or under a holding company 
resulting in the cessation of the whole or substantially the whole of the Guarantor's business 
or the disposal of the whole or substantially the whole of its assets; or 
11.1.8 in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities only, for any reason whatsoever the Guarantee 
(including any Guarantee to be executed by a successor Guarantor resulting from a 
reorganisation referred to in paragraph 11.1.7 above) is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor 
not to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Securityholder may, provided that the relevant Event of Default is then continuing, by written 
notice to the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor (with a copy to the 
Principal Agent for information purposes only), declare such N&C Security(ies) held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount as described in Condition 8.7 without presentment, demand, protest or 
other notice of any kind, unless such Event of Default shall be cured prior to receipt of such written 
notice by the Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor. 
For the purpose of paragraph 11.1.4 above, any indebtedness for borrowed money which is in a 
currency other than U.S. dollars shall be translated at the "spot" rate for the sale of the relevant 
currency against the purchase of U.S. dollars in London as quoted by a leading bank selected by the 
Principal Agent for this purpose on the day in London on which such premature repayment becomes 
due or, as the case may be, such default occurs (or, if for any reason such a rate is not available on that 
day, on the earliest possible date thereafter). 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF N&C SECURITIES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any N&C Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Agent (in the case of Bearer N&C Securities, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered N&C Securities) upon payment by 
the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced N&C 
Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 268 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
268 
 
 
13. 
AGENTS 
13.1 
Status of Agents 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
13.1.1 there will at all times be a Principal Agent and a Registrar; 
13.1.2 so long as the N&C Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer N&C 
Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered N&C Securities) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; 
13.1.3 so long as any of the Global N&C Securities in registered form payable in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in New York City; and 
13.1.4 there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated or is resident for tax purposes. 
If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
13.2 
Variation or termination of Appointment of Agents 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.4.2.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Securityholders promptly by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 16. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (in the case 
of Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Securityholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which 
it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
14. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
14.1 
Status of Calculation Agent 
14.1.1 Determinations 
In relation to each issue of N&C Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be Nomura 
International plc or another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the N&C Securities by the Calculation Agent under the 
Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securityholders. The Calculation Agent may, with the consent 
of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems 
appropriate.

--- Page 269 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
269 
 
 
14.1.2 Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonably manner. In doing so, the Calculation Agent may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include in particular 
any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging 
arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party in respect of the N&C 
Securities. The exercise of the Calculation Agent's discretion under the Conditions are 
necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or 
disruption to the underlying asset or reference basis to which the N&C Securities are linked) 
may occur subsequent to the issuance of the N&C Securities which may materially affect the 
costs to the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant N&C Securities or 
relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in 
the pricing of the N&C Securities. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events 
(e.g. unavailability or material disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be 
reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of the 
underlying asset or otherwise in connection with the N&C Securities to be made on this basis, 
and thus making it necessary for the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case.  
As used herein, Hedging Party means the Issuer and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party 
which conducts hedging arrangements in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the N&C 
Securities from time to time. Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio 
basis (i.e. where the hedging party maintains arrangements for hedging the Securities together 
with other obligations of the Issuer or its Affiliates). As used herein, hedging arrangements 
means the arrangements, if any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash 
amounts or assets to be paid or delivered under the N&C Securities as these fall due. This may 
involve the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party investing directly in the underlying asset(s) or 
reference basis to which the N&C Securities are linked. Alternatively, the Issuer and/or a 
Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative 
contract referencing the underlying asset(s) or reference basis to which the N&C Securities 
are linked. The Issuer will select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it in the context 
of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates. The Issuer and/or a 
Hedging Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always 
be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging 
arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to enter into any 
hedging arrangements. 
14.1.3 Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in these Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the N&C 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons.  When making any such determination in relation to any 
amounts so payable or deliverable, the Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute 
discretion consider any relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without 
limitation, one or more of the following: 
14.1.3.1 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
14.1.3.2 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets 
supplied by one or more third parties or information sources including, 
without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, 
spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or

--- Page 270 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
270 
 
 
14.1.3.3 
information of the types described in 14.1.3.1 or 14.1.3.2 above from internal 
sources (including any Affiliates of the Calculation Agent) or other 
information of a type used by the Calculation Agent in the regular course of 
its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
The Calculation Agent's determination in the application of such methodology or of any 
amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any 
opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or 
exercised by the Calculation Agent under the N&C Securities shall be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Securityholders except in the case of manifest 
error. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, 
decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by 
the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions 
under the N&C Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any 
person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of 
such obligation or discretion. 
14.1.4 Modifications 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Conditions 14.1.2, 14.1.3 or 17 or any Technical Annex, 
the Calculation Agent shall be free to modify the methodology described in these Conditions 
from time to time as it, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems 
appropriate in response to any market, regulatory, juridical, fiscal or other circumstances 
which may arise which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, necessitates a modification 
or change of such methodology, or for the purposes of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting 
or supplementing any provision of the Conditions, (ii) accounting for any change in the basis 
on which any relevant values, levels or information is calculated or provided which would 
materially change the commercial effect of any provision or provisions of the Conditions or 
(iii) replacing any information provider or source.  Any modification made by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Condition 14.1.4 shall be notified to Holders by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with Condition 16 below. 
14.1.5 Disclaimer of liability 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the N&C Securities, (ii) the value of the 
N&C Securities at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may 
become payable or deliverable in respect of the N&C Securities.  The Calculation Agent shall 
not act as agent or trustee for the Securityholders. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any 
liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any direct, indirect, 
special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
14.2 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Tranche 
of N&C Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating 
to any of the underlying reference assets or bases (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of 
a proprietary index for example, as index sponsor).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may contract with the Issuer or the Guarantor and/or enter into transactions which relate to

--- Page 271 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
271 
 
 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the N&C Securities or any of the underlying reference assets or bases and 
as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent and 
its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  Subject to all regulatory obligations, none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent in respect of the N&C Securities shall owe any duty or 
responsibility to any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any 
Securityholder. 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Coupon Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the N&C Security to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10. 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer N&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer N&C Securities are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered N&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Registered N&C Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Until such time as any definitive N&C Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global N&C 
Securities representing the N&C Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the holders of the N&C Securities.  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the N&C Securities on the second day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any N&C Security in definitive form) with the relative N&C Security or N&C 
Securities, with the Principal Agent (in the case of Bearer N&C Securities) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered N&C Securities).  Whilst any of the N&C Securities are represented by a Global 
N&C Security, such notice may be given by any holder of a N&C Security to the Principal Agent or 
the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Principal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
All notices given pursuant to this Condition 16 in respect of N&C Securities that are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 272 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
272 
 
 
17. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Securityholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the N&C 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and shall 
be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Securityholders holding not less than 10 per cent. 
in nominal amount or number of units of the N&C Securities for the time being remaining outstanding.  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount or number of units of the N&C Securities 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Securityholders whatever the nominal amount or number of units of the N&C Securities so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the N&C Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee or the Deed of Covenant 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the N&C Securities or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
N&C Securities or altering the currency of payment of the N&C Securities, the Receipts or the 
Coupons, and as more fully described in the Agency Agreement), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount or number of units of the 
N&C Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount or number of units of the N&C 
Securities for the time being outstanding.  The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed 
at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the N&C 
Securities for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Agent) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the N&C Securities for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Securityholders will be binding on all the Securityholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and 
on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. For the purposes of the provisions for convening meetings 
of the Securityholders, any N&C Securities which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of 
the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
The Principal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
17.1.1 any modification of the N&C Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons, any applicable Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
17.1.2 any modification of the N&C Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons, any applicable Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such modification.

--- Page 273 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
273 
 
 
18. 
SUBSTITUTION 
18.1 
Substitution of the Issuer 
18.1.1 Conditions precedent to Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, be replaced and substituted by the 
Substituted Obligor (as defined below) in respect of the N&C Securities provided that: 
18.1.1.1 
a deed poll (the Deed Poll) and such other documents (if any) shall be 
executed by the Substituted Obligor and the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) as may be necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution (together with the Deed Poll, the Documents) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted 
Obligor shall undertake in favour of each Securityholder to be bound by these 
Conditions (as amended in the manner provided in paragraph 18.1.2 below) 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as 
fully as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the N&C Securities, the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the principal obligor in 
respect of the N&C Securities in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
Substituted Obligor) and pursuant to which the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
in favour of each Securityholder the payment of principal, interest and all 
other amounts payable or deliverable in respect of such Guaranteed N&C 
Securities of the Substituted Obligor as such principal obligor; 
18.1.1.2 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by: 
(1) 
the Substituted Obligor: 
(A) 
that it has obtained all necessary corporate, governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and for the performance by it of its obligations under the 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in 
full force and effect; and 
(B) 
that the obligations assumed by it under the Documents are 
all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms; and 
(2) 
the Guarantor (in respect of N&C Securities guaranteed by it and the 
guarantee given by it pursuant to the Deed Poll): 
(A) 
that the Guarantor has obtained all necessary corporate, 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
giving of such guarantee and the performance by the 
Guarantor of its obligations under the Documents and that 
all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
and 
(B) 
that the obligations assumed by the Guarantor under the 
Documents and the guarantee are all legal, valid and binding 
in accordance with their respective terms;

--- Page 274 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
274 
 
 
18.1.1.3 
each (if any) stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation 
system which has the N&C Securities listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Obligor the N&C 
Securities would continue to be listed, quoted and/or traded on such stock 
exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation system; 
18.1.1.4 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor, as the case may be, shall have 
delivered to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion addressed to the 
Dealers from a reputable firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the 
Issuer, to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor under English law, such 
opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution 
of the Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
18.1.1.5 
the Substituted Obligor shall have delivered to the Principal Agent for its 
safekeeping or procured the delivery to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping 
of a legal opinion addressed to the Dealers from a reputable firm of lawyers 
from the jurisdiction of the Substituted Obligor (the Substituted Obligor's 
Jurisdiction) acting for the Substituted Obligor, to the effect that the 
Substituted Obligor has the capacity and authority to enter into the 
Documents under the laws of the Substituted Obligor's Jurisdiction and, 
where the Substituted Obligor's Jurisdiction is other than England, that the 
Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the relevant 
Substituted Obligor under such laws, such opinion to be dated not more than 
seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Obligor for the 
Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified 
office of the Principal Agent; 
18.1.1.6 
in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor shall have delivered 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery to the 
Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion addressed to the Dealers 
from a reputable firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the 
Guarantor, to the effect that the Documents (including the guarantee given by 
the Guarantor in respect of the Substituted Obligor) constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Guarantor, under English law, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
18.1.1.7 
in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor shall have delivered 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery to the 
Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion addressed to the Dealers 
from a reputable firm of lawyers from the Guarantor's Jurisdiction acting for 
the Guarantor to the effect that the Guarantor has the capacity and authority 
to enter into the Documents (including the guarantee given by the Guarantor 
in respect of the Substituted Obligor) under the laws of the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction and, that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Guarantor, under the laws of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction, 
such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
and

--- Page 275 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
275 
 
 
18.1.1.8 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the N&C Securities. 
18.1.2 Assumption by Substituted Obligor 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph 18.1.1 above, the Substituted 
Obligor shall be deemed to be named in the N&C Securities as the principal obligor in place 
of the Issuer (or of any previous Substituted Obligor) and the N&C Securities shall thereupon 
be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents 
shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer (or such previous Substituted Obligor) from all of 
its obligations as principal obligor in respect of the N&C Securities. 
18.1.3 Deposit of Documents 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Agent for so long as any 
N&C Security remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Obligor or, in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, the Guarantor by any Securityholder 
in relation to the N&C Securities or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Obligor and, in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities, 
the Guarantor, shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Securityholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the N&C Securities or the 
Documents. 
18.1.4 Notice of Substitution 
Not later than 15 days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Obligor shall give 
notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
18.1.5 Substituted Obligor 
Substituted Obligor means any company which is 100 per cent. directly or indirectly owned 
by Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
18.2 
Substitution of the Guarantor 
18.2.1 Conditions precedent to Substitution of a Guarantor 
In respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities, a Guarantor may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, be replaced and substituted by a Substituted Guarantor (as defined below) in 
respect of the N&C Securities it guarantees provided that: 
18.2.1.1 
such substitution shall only occur pursuant to a reorganisation of or within 
the group of companies consisting of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries; 
18.2.1.2 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Guarantor as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents) and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant 
to which the Substituted Guarantor shall undertake in favour of each 
Securityholder to be bound by these Conditions (as amended in the manner 
provided in paragraph 18.2.2 below) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Guarantor had been named in the 
N&C Securities and the Agency Agreement as the guarantor in respect of 
such N&C Securities in place of the Guarantor (or any previous Substituted 
Guarantor);

--- Page 276 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
276 
 
 
18.2.1.3 
the Guarantor Substitution Documents shall contain a warranty and 
representation by the Substituted Guarantor: 
(1) 
that it has obtained all necessary corporate, governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by it of its obligations under, the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force 
and effect; and 
(2) 
that the obligations assumed by it under the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents are all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms; 
18.2.1.4 
each (if any) stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation 
system which has such N&C Securities listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Guarantor such 
N&C Securities would continue to be listed, quoted and/or traded on such 
stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation system; 
18.2.1.5 
the Guarantor and the Substituted Guarantor, as the case may be, shall have 
delivered to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping of legal opinions addressed to the 
Dealers from: 
(1) 
a reputable firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the 
Guarantor, to the effect that the Guarantor Substitution Documents 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor and 
the Substituted Guarantor under English law, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal 
Agent; 
(2) 
a reputable firm of lawyers from the Guarantor's Jurisdiction acting 
for the Guarantor, to the effect that the Guarantor has the capacity 
and authority to enter into the Guarantor Substitution Documents 
under the laws of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction and that the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Guarantor under the laws of the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior 
to the date of substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the 
Guarantor and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the 
specified office of the Principal Agent; and 
(3) 
a legal opinion from a reputable firm of lawyers from the jurisdiction 
of the Substituted Guarantor (the Substituted Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction) acting for the Substituted Guarantor, to the effect that 
the Substituted Guarantor has the capacity and authority to enter into 
the Guarantor Substitution Documents under the laws of the 
Substituted Guarantor's Jurisdiction and, where the Substituted 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction is other than England, that the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Guarantor under the relevant law, such 
opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of

--- Page 277 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
277 
 
 
substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be 
available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of 
the Principal Agent; and 
18.2.1.6 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the N&C Securities. 
18.2.2 Assumption by Substituted Guarantor 
Upon the execution of the Guarantor Substitution Documents as referred to in 
paragraph 18.1.1 above, the Substituted Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the N&C 
Securities as the guarantor for such N&C Securities in place of the Guarantor (or of any 
previous Substituted Guarantor) and the N&C Securities shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents shall operate to release the Guarantor as guarantor (or such previous Substituted 
Guarantor) from all of its obligations as guarantor in respect of the N&C Securities. 
18.3 
Deposit of Guarantor Substitution Documents 
The Guarantor Substitution Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Agent for so 
long as any N&C Security remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Guarantor by any Securityholder in relation to the N&C Securities or the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted 
Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Guarantor Substitution Documents the right of every 
Securityholder to the production of the Guarantor Substitution Documents for the enforcement of any 
of the N&C Securities or the Guarantor Substitution Documents. 
18.4 
Notice of Substitution 
Not later than 15 days after the execution of the Guarantor Substitution Documents, the Substituted 
Guarantor shall give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
18.5 
Substituted Guarantor 
Substituted Guarantor means any company which is either the ultimate parent company of the Issuer 
or a company with the same ultimate parent company as the Issuer, save that in the latter case such 
Substituted Guarantor shall have a credit rating at least equal to that of the Guarantor as at the date of 
substitution. 
18.6 
NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee 
In the case of any Guaranteed N&C Securities to which the NIHK/NHI Joint Guarantee applies, this 
Condition 18 will apply only to the NHI Guarantor. The NIHK Guarantor may not be substituted under 
this Condition 18. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the N&C Securities or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the issue price, as the 
case may be, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
N&C Securities.

--- Page 278 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
278 
 
 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this N&C Security under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the N&C Securities, the Receipts and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the N&C Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons, 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
21.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
21.2.1 Subject to Condition 21.2.3 below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the N&C Securities, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the N&C Securities, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
21.2.2 For the purposes of the Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
21.2.3 This Condition 21.2.3 is for the benefit of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders only.  To the extent allowed by law, the Securityholders, the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.3 
Process Agent for the Issuer and the Guarantors 
The Issuer and each Guarantor irrevocably appoints Nomura International plc at its registered office 
at 1 Angel Lane, London EC4R 3AB as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Nomura International plc 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its 
agent for the service of process in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer and each Guarantor agrees that 
failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
22. 
ADDITIONAL 
CONDITIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
NON-EXEMPT 
INTEREST 
N&C 
SECURITIES AND NON-EXEMPT REDEMPTION N&C SECURITIES 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 22, the provisions set out below may be 
applied to Exempt N&C Securities if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
22.1 
Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities 
Condition 22.1.1 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities.

--- Page 279 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
279 
 
 
Condition 22.1.2 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.3 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.4 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.5 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.6 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.7 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.1.8 below applies to Non-Exempt Interest N&C Securities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities. 
22.1.1 Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.1 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Fixed FX 
Interest N&C Securities.  Interest payments for Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities are calculated by 
reference to a specified currency or a basket of currencies as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
contained in Annex 3 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this 
Condition 22.1.1. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities, 
including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 22.1.1 for full information on Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Base Rate of Interest, the Consequences of a Disruption Event, 
any Currency Pair, the Disruption Events, each FX Price Source, the Maximum Days of Disruption, 
the Price Materiality Percentage, the Primary Rate, the Secondary Rate, the Settlement Currency, 
each Specified Financial Centre, the Valuation Date and the Valuation Time. 
The interest payable in respect of the N&C Securities will be an amount in the Settlement Currency. 
The Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will not 
be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
in the case of a Fixed FX Interest N&C Security specified as a Currency 2 Fixed Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms, the Base Rate of Interest multiplied by the relevant 
Settlement Rate, calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Fixed FX Interest N&C Security specified as a Currency 1 Fixed Rate N&C 
Security in the applicable Final Terms, the Base Rate of Interest divided by the relevant 
Settlement Rate, calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Date. 
Where: 
Currency Pair means each currency pair (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 280 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
280 
 
 
Base Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Settlement Rate Option, the source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms for the Specified Currency/Settlement Currency or, as applicable, a Currency 
Pair. 
Reference Exchange Rate means the spot exchange rate for the Specified Currency quoted against 
the Settlement Currency expressed as the number of units of the Specified Currency quoted per one 
unit of the Settlement Currency. 
Relevant Currency means each of the Specified Currency and the Settlement Currency. 
Settlement Rate means the Reference Exchange Rate on the relevant Valuation Date at the Valuation 
Time as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Settlement Rate Option (and such 
determination may be made, without limitation, with such adjustments as are, at the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, necessary to the published quoting conventions and/or implying the Reference 
Exchange Rate from more than one Settlement Rate Option) unless a Disruption Event exists or occurs, 
in which case, the Settlement Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
FX Linked Condition 3. 
Settlement Rate Option means the rate published for the Specified Currency/Settlement Currency 
fixing rate on the FX Price Source at or about the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date or, 
if the Reference Exchange Rate is to be implied from more than one Settlement Rate Option, the rate, 
for each Currency Pair, published for the Currency Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source at or about 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date.  
22.1.2 Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.2 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities.  Interest payments for Equity Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities are calculated by reference to a specified share or a basket of shares as further 
described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or 
supplemented in this Condition 22.1.2. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.1.2 for full information on Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, 
the Base Rate of Interest, the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, each 
Equity Currency, the Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the Floor Rate of Interest, the Initial 
Valuation Date, each Observation Date, the Related Exchanges, the Share Basket, Scheduled Trading 
Days, the Valuation Dates and the Valuation Time and whether Options Exchange Adjustment and 
Share Substitution apply. 
The Rate of Interest for a Coupon Payment Date shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred on the Observation Date immediately 
preceding such Coupon Payment Date, the Base Rate of Interest; or 
(b) 
if a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred on the Observation Date immediately 
preceding such Coupon Payment Date, the Floor Rate of Interest.

--- Page 281 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
281 
 
 
All Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are Conditional Interest N&C Securities. 
Where: 
Base Rate of Interest means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditional Coupon Barrier Event means the Coupon Reference Performance in respect of any 
Share on an Observation Date is equal to or less than the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level in respect 
of such Observation Date. 
Conditional Coupon Barrier Level means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Coupon Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and a Share, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Reference Performance of such Share in respect of 
such Observation Date. 
Floor Rate of Interest means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be zero. 
i means a Share. 
o means an Observation Date.   
Observation Price means, in respect of an Observation Date and a Share and subject as provided in 
Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Price 
of such Share on such Observation Date. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and a Share, a rate expressed as a 
percentage (which will not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Observation Pricei,o
Strike Pricei
 
22.1.3 Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.3 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index 
Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities. Interest payments for Index Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities are calculated by reference to a specified index or a basket of indices as further 
described below. If the N&C Securities are Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 1 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied 
and/or supplemented in this Condition 22.1.3. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Index Basket Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Rate of Interest there, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.1.3 for full information on Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C 
Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, 
the Base Rate of Interest, the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, the 
Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the Floor Rate of Interest, the Index Basket, each Index 
Currency, each Index Sponsor, the Initial Valuation Date, each Observation Date, the Related 
Exchanges, Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Dates and the Valuation Time.  
The Rate of Interest for a Coupon Payment Date shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 282 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
282 
 
 
(a) 
if no Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred on the Observation Date immediately 
preceding such Coupon Payment Date, the Base Rate of Interest; or 
(b) 
if a Conditional Coupon Barrier Event has occurred on the Observation Date immediately 
preceding such Coupon Payment Date, the Floor Rate of Interest. 
All Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities are Conditional Interest N&C Securities. 
Where: 
Base Rate of Interest means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditional Coupon Barrier Event means the Coupon Reference Performance in respect of any 
Index on an Observation Date is equal to or less than the Conditional Coupon Barrier Level in respect 
of such Observation Date. 
Conditional Coupon Barrier Level means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Coupon Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and an Index, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Reference Performance of such Index in respect of 
such Observation Date. 
Floor Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, may be zero. 
Observation Level means, in respect of an Observation Date and an Index and subject as provided in 
Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Level 
of such Index on such Observation Date. 
i means an Index. 
o means an Observation Date. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and an Index, a rate expressed as 
a percentage (which will not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Observation Leveli,o
Strike Leveli
 
22.1.4 Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.4 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multi-Rate 
Interest N&C Securities.  The interest payable in respect of Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities is 
calculated by reference to a number of underlying benchmark interest rates as further described 
below. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities, 
including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 22.1.4 for full information on Multi-Rate Interest N&C Securities.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Cap, each Designated Maturity, each First Rate Amount, each 
First Rate Cap, each First Rate Floor, each Floating Rate Option, the Floor, each relevant Reset Date, 
each Second Rate Amount, each Second Rate Cap, each Second Rate Floor and each Third Rate.

--- Page 283 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
283 
 
 
The Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will not 
be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
the Cap; or, if lesser 
(b) 
(i) the Floor or, if greater, (ii) the Rates Performance in respect of such Coupon Period.   
Where: 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Designated Maturity is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the First Rate, the Floating Rate 
Option for the First Rate, the Designated Maturity for the First Rate and the Reset Date for the First 
Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable provided that: 
(i) 
if a First Rate Cap is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period and the rate so 
calculated is greater than the relevant First Rate Cap, the First Rate shall be the First Rate Cap; 
and 
(ii) 
if a First Rate Floor is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period and the rate so 
calculated is less than the relevant First Rate Floor, the First Rate shall be the First Rate Floor. 
First Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number specified as such (which may 
be positive or negative) for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Rate Cap means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such (which may be 
positive or negative) for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Rate Floor means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such (which may be 
positive or negative) for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rates Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the First Rate Amount and (ii) the First Rate, in each case in respect of such 
Coupon Period; 
(b) 
the product of (i) the Second Rate Amount and (ii) the Second Rate, in each case in respect of 
such Coupon Period; and 
(c) 
the Third Rate in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Second Rate, the Floating Rate

--- Page 284 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
284 
 
 
Option for the Second Rate, the Designated Maturity for the Second Rate and the Reset Date for the 
Second Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable, provided that: 
(i) 
if a Second Rate Cap is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period and the rate so 
calculated is greater than the relevant Second Rate Cap, the Second Rate shall be the Second 
Rate Cap; and 
(ii) 
if a Second Rate Floor is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period and the rate so 
calculated is less than the relevant Second Rate Floor, the Second Rate shall be the Second 
Rate Floor. 
Second Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number (which may be positive or 
negative) specified as such for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Rate Cap means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such (which may be 
positive or negative) for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Rate Floor means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such (which may be 
positive or negative) for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Third Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such for such Coupon Period 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
22.1.5 Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.5 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Range 
Accrual Interest N&C Securities.  The interest payable in respect of Range Accrual Interest N&C 
Securities is calculated by reference to a number of underlying benchmark interest rates as further 
described below. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities, 
including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 22.1.5 for full information on Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify each Designated Maturity, each First Rate Amount, each Floating 
Rate Option, each Rate Determination Centre, the Rate Observation Date (if any), any Rate of Interest 
Cap, the Rate of Interest Floor, Rates Performance Cap, the Rates Performance Floor, each relevant 
Reset Date, each Second Rate Amount and each Third Rate. 
The Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will not 
be greater than the Rate of Interest Cap (if any) or less than the Rate of Interest Floor but will otherwise 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (a) and (b) below: 
(a) 
the lesser of (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
the Rates Performance Cap; or 
(ii) 
the greater of (x) the Rates Performance Floor and (y) the Rates Performance in 
respect of such Coupon Period; and 
(b) 
the Range Day Accrual Rate in respect of such Coupon Period.   
Where: 
Designated Maturity is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 285 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
285 
 
 
Dual Rate 1 means, in respect of any day, the rate that would be determined for that day pursuant to 
Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the N&C Securities, 
references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to Dual Rate 1, the Floating Rate Option for Dual Rate 1, 
the Designated Maturity for Dual Rate 1 and the Reset Date for Dual Rate 1 were to apply and were 
ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
Dual Rate 2 means, in respect of any day, the rate that would be determined for that day pursuant to 
Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the N&C Securities, 
references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to Dual Rate 2, the Floating Rate Option for Dual Rate 2, 
the Designated Maturity for Dual Rate 2 and the Reset Date for Dual Rate 2 were to apply and were 
ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
First Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the First Rate, the Floating Rate 
Option for the First Rate, the Designated Maturity for the First Rate and the Reset Date for the First 
Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
First Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number (which may be positive or 
negative) specified as such for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Barrier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Day Accrual Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period:  
(a) 
if Single Rate Observation Date is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Rate Observation Date the Range Day Rate is equal to or greater 
than the Lower Barrier and equal to or less than the Upper Barrier, then 1; and 
(ii) 
if on the relevant Rate Observation Date the Range Day Rate is lower than the Lower 
Barrier or greater than the Upper Barrier, then zero, 
provided that, in each case, if the Rate Observation Date is not a Rate Determination Date, the 
Range Day Rate used for these purposes shall be the Range Day Rate in respect of the Rate 
Determination Date immediately preceding such Rate Observation Date. 
(b) 
if Single Rate Observation Date is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
a rate expressed as a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the quotient of 
(a) the Range Day Numerator (as numerator) and (b) the Range Day Denominator (as 
denominator), in each case in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Range Day Denominator means, in respect of a Coupon Period:  
(a) 
if "Calendar days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Denominator in the applicable 
Final Terms, the total number of calendar days in such Coupon Period; or 
(b) 
if "Business Days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Denominator in the applicable 
Final Terms, the total number of Business Days in such Coupon Period. 
Range Day Numerator means, in respect of a Coupon Period:

--- Page 286 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
286 
 
 
(a) 
if "Calendar days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Numerator in the applicable Final 
Terms, the total number of calendar days in such Coupon Period in respect of which the Range 
Day Rate is equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier and equal to or less than the Upper 
Barrier; or 
(b) 
if "Business Days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Numerator in the applicable Final 
Terms, the total number of Business Days in such Coupon Period in respect of which the 
Range Day Rate is equal to or greater than the Lower Barrier and equal to or less than the 
Upper Barrier, 
For the purposes of the determination of the Range Day Numerator, the Range Day Rate for any day 
from and including the day the Rate Cut-off Date in respect of the relevant Coupon Period shall be the 
Range Day Rate in respect of the relevant Rate Cut-off Date. 
Range Day Rate means: 
(a) 
if Single Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, the rate that would be determined 
for that day pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C 
Securities" were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were 
to the Range Day Rate, the Floating Rate Option for the Range Day Rate, the 
Designated Maturity for the Range Day Rate and the Reset Date for the Range Day 
Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, the Range Day Rate in 
respect of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day; or 
(b) 
if Dual Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, a rate calculated as follows: 
Range Day Rate = Dual Rate 1 minus Dual Rate 2; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, the Range Day Rate in 
respect of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day. 
Rate Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the date falling the number of days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Coupon Payment Date (determined without taking into 
account any business day adjustment) for such Coupon Period. 
Rate Determination Centre is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate Determination Date means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Rate Determination Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
specified Rate Determination Centre is TARGET2, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.   
Rate Observation Date means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the date specified in respect of such 
Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
such percentage is so specified, zero.

--- Page 287 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
287 
 
 
Rates Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the First Rate Amount and (ii) the First Rate, in each case in respect of such 
Coupon Period; 
(b) 
the product of (i) the Second Rate Amount and (ii) the Second Rate, in each case in respect of 
such Coupon Period; and 
(c) 
the Third Rate in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Rates Performance Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rates Performance Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Second Rate, the Floating Rate 
Option for the Second Rate, the Designated Maturity for the Second Rate and the Reset Date for the 
Second Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
Second Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number (which may be positive or 
negative) specified as such for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Third Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such for such Coupon Period 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
22.1.6 Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.6 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual 
Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities.  The interest payable in respect of Dual Range Accrual 
Interest N&C Securities is calculated by reference to a number of underlying benchmark interest rates 
as further described below. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 22.1.6 for full information on Dual Range Accrual Interest N&C Securities.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify each Designated Maturity, each First Rate 
Amount, each Floating Rate Option, each Rate Determination Centre, the Rate Observation Date (if 
any), any Rate of Interest Cap, the Rate of Interest Floor, the Rates Performance Cap, the Rates 
Performance Floor, each relevant Reset Date, each Second Rate Amount and each Third Rate. 
The Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage which will not 
be greater than the Rate of Interest Cap (if any) or less than the Rate of Interest Floor but will 
otherwise be calculated by the Calculation Agent as equal to the product of (a) and (b) below: 
(a) 
the lesser of (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
the Rates Performance Cap; or

--- Page 288 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
288 
 
 
(ii) 
the greater of (x) the Rates Performance Floor and (y) the Rates Performance in 
respect of such Coupon Period; and 
(b) 
the Range Day Accrual Rate in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Where: 
Designated Maturity is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dual Rate 1 means, in respect of any day and a Range Day Rate, the rate that would be determined 
for that day pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were 
to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to Dual Rate 1 in respect of the 
relevant Range Day Rate, the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date, in 
each case as specified in respect of Dual Rate 1 for such Range Day Rate were to apply and were 
ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
Dual Rate 2 means, in respect of any day and a Range Day Rate, the rate that would be determined 
for that day pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were 
to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to Dual Rate 2 in respect of the 
relevant Range Day Rate, the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date, in 
each case as specified in respect of Dual Rate 2 for such Range Day Rate were to apply and were 
ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
First Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the First Rate, the Floating Rate 
Option for the First Rate, the Designated Maturity for the First Rate and the Reset Date for the First 
Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
First Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number (which may be positive or 
negative) specified as such for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Barrier means, in respect of a Range Day Rate, the percentage specified as such in respect of 
such Range Day Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Day Accrual Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period: 
(a) 
if Single Rate Observation Date is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Rate Observation Date both: 
(A) 
Range Day Rate 1 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to 
or less than its Upper Barrier; and 
(B) 
Range Day Rate 2 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to 
or less than its Upper Barrier, 
then 1; and 
(ii) 
if on the relevant Rate Observation Date either or both of the following conditions is 
met:

--- Page 289 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
289 
 
 
(A) 
Range Day Rate 1 is less than its Lower Barrier or greater than its Upper 
Barrier; or 
(B) 
Range Day Rate 2 is less than its Lower Barrier or greater than its Upper 
Barrier, 
then zero, 
provided that, in each case, if the Rate Observation Date is not a Rate Determination Date, 
each Range Day Rate used for these purposes shall be the respective Range Day Rate in 
respect of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such Rate Observation Date. 
(b) 
if Single Rate Observation Date is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
a rate expressed as a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the quotient of 
(a) the Range Day Numerator (as numerator) and (b) the Range Day Denominator (as 
denominator), in each case in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Range Day Denominator means, in respect of a Coupon Period: 
(a) 
if "Calendar days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Denominator in the applicable 
Final Terms, the total number of calendar days in such Coupon Period; or 
(b) 
if "Business Days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Denominator in the applicable 
Final Terms, the total number of Business Days in such Coupon Period. 
Range Day Numerator means, in respect of a Coupon Period: 
(a) 
if "Calendar days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Numerator in the applicable Final 
Terms, the total number of calendar days in such Coupon Period in respect of which both: 
(i) 
Range Day Rate 1 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less 
than its Upper Barrier; and 
(ii) 
Range Day Rate 2 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less 
than its Upper Barrier. 
(b) 
if "Business Days" is specified in respect of the Range Day Numerator in the applicable Final 
Terms, the total number of Business Days in such Coupon Period in respect of which both: 
(i) 
Range Day Rate 1 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less 
than its Upper Barrier; and 
(ii) 
Range Day Rate 2 is equal to or greater than its Lower Barrier and equal to or less 
than its Upper Barrier. 
For the purposes of the determination of the Range Day Numerator, a Range Day Rate for any day 
from and including the Rate Cut-off Date in respect of the relevant Coupon Period shall be Range Day 
Rate 1 or Range Day Rate 2 (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Rate Cut-off Date 
Range Day Rate means either Range Day Rate 1 or Range Day Rate 2. 
Range Day Rate 1 means: 
(a) 
if Single Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 290 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
290 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, the rate that would be determined 
for that day pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C 
Securities" were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were 
to Range Day Rate 1, the Floating Rate Option for Range Day Rate 1, the Designated 
Maturity for Range Day Rate 1 and the Reset Date for Range Day Rate 1 were to 
apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, Range Day Rate 1 in respect 
of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day; or 
(b) 
if Dual Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, a rate calculated as follows: 
Range Day Rate 1 = Dual Rate 1 minus Dual Rate 2; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, Range Day Rate 1 in respect 
of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day. 
Range Day Rate 2 means: 
(a) 
if Single Rate Determination is specified in respect of Range Day Rate 2 in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, the rate that would be determined 
for that day pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C 
Securities" were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were 
to Range Day Rate 2, the Floating Rate Option for Range Day Rate 2, the Designated 
Maturity for Range Day Rate 2 and the Reset Date for Range Day Rate 2 were to 
apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, Range Day Rate 2 in respect 
of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day; or 
(b) 
if Dual Rate Determination is specified in respect of Range Day Rate 2 in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a day that is a Rate Determination Date, a rate calculated as follows: 
Range Day Rate 2 = Dual Rate 1 minus Dual Rate 2; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a day that is not a Rate Determination Date, Range Day Rate 2 in respect 
of the Rate Determination Date immediately preceding such day. 
Rate Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the date falling the number of days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Coupon Payment Date (determined without taking into 
account any business day adjustment) for such Coupon Period. 
Rate Determination Centre is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate Determination Date means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Rate Determination Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
specified Rate Determination Centre is TARGET2, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 291 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
291 
 
 
Rate Observation Date means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the date specified in respect of such 
Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
such percentage is so specified, zero. 
Rates Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the First Rate Amount and (ii) the First Rate, in each case in respect of such 
Coupon Period; 
(b) 
the product of (i) the Second Rate Amount and (ii) the Second Rate, in each case in respect of 
such Coupon Period; and 
(c) 
the Third Rate in respect of such Coupon Period. 
Rates Performance Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rates Performance Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate that would be determined for that Coupon 
Period pursuant to Condition 6.3.2 if references therein to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the 
N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Second Rate, the Floating Rate 
Option for the Second Rate, the Designated Maturity for the Second Rate and the Reset Date for the 
Second Rate were to apply and were ISDA Determination to be applicable. 
Second Rate Amount means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number (which may be positive or 
negative) specified as such for such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Third Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the rate specified as such for such Coupon Period 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier means, in respect of a Range Date Rate, the percentage specified as such in respect of 
such Range Day Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
22.1.7 Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.7 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Leveraged 
Inflation Interest N&C Securities.  The interest payable in respect of Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C 
Securities is calculated by reference to the level of an inflation index as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 6 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.1.7. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 22.1.7 for full information on Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Base Rate of Interest, the Cap, the Floor, the 
Index and Index Sponsor, the Index Description, the Leverage, the Related Bond (if any), the Strike,

--- Page 292 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
292 
 
 
the Number of Calendar Months (Initial Index Level) and the Number of Calendar Months (Reference 
Index Level) and whether Acceleration upon Rebasing of Index, Fallback Bond, Linear Interpolation 
Related Bond and Related Bond Redemption Event applies. 
The Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage (which will not 
be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Base Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
(i) 
the Cap; or, if less 
(ii) 
(x) the Floor or, if greater, (y) the Leveraged Index Performance in respect of such 
Coupon Period. 
Where: 
Base Rate of Interest means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Index Level means, in respect of a Coupon Period: 
(a) 
if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a level 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Where: 
x means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
y means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ILm-x means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the Index Level for the calendar month that is x 
months prior to the month in which the Coupon Accrual Date for such Coupon Period is 
scheduled to fall; 
ILm-y means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the Index Level for the calendar month that is y 
months prior to the month in which the Coupon Payment Date for such Coupon Period is 
scheduled to fall; 
nbdfinal means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the actual number of calendar days in the period 
from and including the first day of the month in which the Coupon Accrual Date for such 
Coupon Period is scheduled to fall to and including such Coupon Accrual Date; and 
NDm means, in respect of a Coupon Period, the number of calendar days in the month in which 
the Coupon Accrual Date for such Coupon Period is scheduled to fall. 
For the purposes of the Inflation Linked Conditions, each of: 
(i) 
the month in respect of which the relevant Index Level referred to in the definition of 
ILm-x is determined; and 
(ii) 
the month in respect of which the relevant Index Level referred to in the definition of 
ILm-y is determined, 
𝐼𝐿𝑚−x + 
(𝑛𝑏𝑑𝑓𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 )−1 
𝑁𝐷𝑚
 x (𝐼𝐿𝑚−y −𝐼𝐿𝑚−x)

--- Page 293 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
293 
 
 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Reference Month for the purposes of determining ILm-x and 
ILm-y respectively.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Index Level required to be determined 
for the purposes of determining each of ILm-x and ILm-y will be a Relevant Level for the 
purposes of the Inflation Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for such Coupon Period. 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Level means, in respect of any month, and subject to the provisions of Inflation Linked 
Condition 1.3 and unless otherwise provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 in relation to the relevant 
Index, the first publication or announcement of a level of the Index for such month. 
Index Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the Final Index Level in respect of such Coupon 
Period minus (ii) the Initial Index Level in respect of such Coupon Period (as numerator) and (b) the 
Initial Index Level in respect of such Coupon Period (as denominator). 
Initial Index Level means, in respect of a Coupon Period the Index Level for the calendar month 
falling the Number of Calendar Months (Initial Index Level) prior to the calendar month in which the 
first day of such Coupon Period falls.   
Leverage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leveraged Index Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Leverage and (b) (i) the 
Index Performance in respect of such Coupon Period minus (ii) the Strike. 
Number of Calendar Months (Initial Index Level) means the number of calendar months specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Number of Calendar Months (Reference Index Level) means the number of calendar months 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Month means, in respect of a Coupon Period and subject as provided in the definition of 
Final Index Level above, the calendar month falling the Number of Calendar Months (Reference Index 
Level) prior to the calendar month in which the Coupon Accrual Date in respect of such Coupon Period 
falls. 
Strike means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
22.1.8 Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.1.8 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Swap Rate 
Linked Interest N&C Securities.  The interest payable in respect of Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C 
Securities is calculated by reference to a number of underlying benchmark swap rates as further 
described below. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Rate of Interest thereon, and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 22.1.8 for full information on Swap Rate Linked Interest N&C Securities.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify each Designated Maturity, each First Swap Rate, 
each First Swap Rate Cap, each First Swap Rate Floor, each Floating Rate Option, the value of each 
applicable leverage factor (LF1 and LF2), each Rate Performance Multiplier, each Rate Deduction

--- Page 294 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
294 
 
 
Factor, each Reference Swap Rate, each relevant Reset Date, each Second Swap Rate, each Second 
Swap Rate Cap, each Second Swap Rate Floor and each Single Swap Rate. 
Subject to any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Coupon Period shall be a rate expressed as a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent which is equal to either: 
(a) 
if Single Swap Rate Determination is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Single Swap Rate specified in respect of such Coupon 
Period;  
(b) 
if Dual Swap Rate Determination is specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Swap Rate Performance for such Coupon Period; or 
(c) 
if Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination is specified in respect of the relevant 
Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Outperformance Rate for such Coupon 
Period. 
Where: 
References to a numbered Coupon Period (e.g. First Coupon Period or Coupon Period 1) in the 
applicable Final Terms are references to the Coupon Period occurring in that order under the N&C 
Securities (e.g. in the above example, the first Coupon Period to occur). 
Designated Maturity means, in respect of a Swap Rate and a Coupon Period, the designated maturity 
specified in respect of such Swap Rate and such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Swap Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate Determination or 
Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the rate determined for the relevant 
Reference Swap Rate as if it was a Rate of Interest to be determined for such Coupon Period by 
reference to Condition 6.3.2 and as if references in Condition 6.3.2 to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" 
were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the First Swap Rate, each 
of the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date for the First Swap Rate were 
to apply and as if ISDA Determination was applicable, provided that, (i) if the rate so determined is 
greater than the First Swap Rate Cap (if any) for such Coupon Period, the First Swap Rate will be 
equal to the First Swap Rate Cap and (ii) if the rate so determined is less than the First Swap Rate 
Floor (if any) for such Coupon Period, the First Swap Rate will be equal to the First Swap Rate Floor. 
First Swap Rate Cap means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate Determination 
or Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the percentage (if any) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Swap Rate Floor means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate 
Determination or Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the percentage (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option means, in respect of a Swap Rate and a Coupon Period, the floating rate option 
specified in respect of such Swap Rate and such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Outperformance Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Outperformance Rate = RPM x [FSR - SSR - RDF] 
Where:

--- Page 295 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
295 
 
 
FSR means the relevant First Swap Rate for such Coupon Period; 
RPM means the Rate Performance Multiplier, being, in respect of a Coupon Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
RDF means the Rate Deduction Factor being, in respect of a Coupon Period, the percentage 
or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SSR means the relevant Second Swap Rate for such Coupon Period. 
Reference Swap Rate means, in respect of a Swap Rate and a Coupon Period, the reference swap rate 
specified in respect of such Swap Rate and such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Date means, in respect of a Swap Rate and a Coupon Period, the reset date specified in respect 
of such Swap Rate and such Coupon Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Swap Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate Determination 
or Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the rate determined for the relevant 
Reference Swap Rate as if it was a Rate of Interest to be determined for such Coupon Period by 
reference to Condition 6.3.2 and as if references in Condition 6.3.2 to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" 
were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Second Swap Rate, 
each of the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date for the Second Swap 
Rate were to apply and as if ISDA Determination was applicable, provided that, (i) if the rate so 
determined is greater than the Second Swap Rate Cap (if any) for such Coupon Period, the Second 
Swap Rate will be equal to the Second Swap Rate Cap and (ii) if the rate so determined is less than 
the Second Swap Rate Floor (if any) for such Coupon Period, the Second Swap Rate will be equal to 
the Second Swap Rate Floor. 
Second Swap Rate Cap means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate 
Determination or Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the percentage (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Second Swap Rate Floor means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Dual Swap Rate 
Determination or Dual Swap Rate Outperformance Determination applies, the percentage (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Swap Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Period for which Single Swap Rate Determination 
applies, the rate determined for the relevant Reference Swap Rate as if it was a Rate of Interest to be 
determined for such Coupon Period by reference to Condition 6.3.2 and as if references in Condition 
6.3.2 to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the N&C Securities, references therein to "Rate of 
Interest" were to the Single Swap Rate, each of the Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and 
the Reset Date for the Single Swap Rate were to apply and as if ISDA Determination was applicable. 
Swap Rate means any Single Swap Rate, First Swap Rate or Second Swap Rate. 
Swap Rate Performance means, in respect of a Coupon Period, a rate expressed as a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Swap Rate Performance = RPM x [FSR + LF1 x SSR + LF2 x RDF] 
Where: 
FSR means the relevant First Swap Rate for such Coupon Period;

--- Page 296 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
296 
 
 
LF1 means the applicable leverage factor for such Coupon Period, being the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
LF2 means the applicable leverage factor for such Coupon Period, being the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
RPM means the Rate Performance Multiplier, being, in respect of a Coupon Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
RDF means the Rate Deduction Factor being, in respect of a Coupon Period, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SSR means the relevant Second Swap Rate for such Coupon Period. 
22.2 
Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities 
Condition 22.2.1 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as FX Redemption N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.2 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.3 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.4 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.5 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.6 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.7 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.8 below applies to applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.9 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.10 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.11 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.12 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities.  
Condition 22.2.13 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities.

--- Page 297 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
297 
 
 
Condition 22.2.14 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities.  
Condition 22.2.15 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
Condition 22.2.16 below applies to Non-Exempt Redemption N&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
22.2.1 FX Redemption N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.1 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX 
Redemption N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount for FX Redemption N&C Securities is 
calculated by reference to a specified currency or a basket of currencies as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are FX Redemption N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
contained in Annex 3 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this 
Condition 22.2.1. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to FX Redemption N&C Securities, 
including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 22.2.1 for full information on FX Redemption N&C Securities.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify each Alternate Currency Pair, the Consequences of a Disruption 
Event, each Currency Pair, the Disruption Events, each First Relevant Currency, the Floor, each FX 
Price Source, the Leverage, the Maximum Days of Disruption, the Price Materiality Percentage, the 
Primary Rate, each Second Relevant Currency, the Secondary Rate, the Settlement Currency, each 
Specified Financial Centre, each Strike Rate, the Valuation Date, the Valuation Time and w, X, Y and 
Z. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (which, when the Floor is zero, 
will not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the greater of (i) the Floor and (ii) a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Leverage x Max [ 0, ∑𝑤𝑖 x 𝑋𝑖 – 𝑌𝑖
𝑍𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 ] 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Settlement Currency, will be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate.  The Final Redemption Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in 
the relevant Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards.   
Where: 
Alternate Currency Pair means, in respect of a Currency Pair, each currency pair specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currency Pair means each currency pair specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange between the currency in which the Calculation 
Amount is denominated (the Calculation Amount Currency) and the Settlement Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the relevant Calculation Amount Currency for

--- Page 298 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
298 
 
 
which one unit of the relevant Settlement Currency can be exchanged) or on the basis of such other 
applicable market convention as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
First Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Currency Pair or an Alternate Currency Pair, the source 
specified as such for such Currency Pair or Alternate Currency Pair, as applicable, in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
i means each Currency Pair. 
Leverage means an amount which may be greater than or less than 100 per cent., as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Max followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
n means the number of Currency Pairs to which the N&C Securities relate. 
Reference Exchange Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the spot exchange rate for the First 
Relevant Currency quoted against the Second Relevant Currency expressed as the number of units of 
the First Relevant Currency quoted per one unit of the Second Relevant Currency. 
Relevant Currency means each currency comprising a Currency Pair and any references to the 
conversion of one Relevant Currency to another shall be construed as applying in relation to a 
Currency Pair. 
Second Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Reference Exchange Rate for that Currency 
Pair on the Valuation Date at the Valuation Time as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the Settlement Rate Option for that Currency Pair (and such determination may be made, without 
limitation, with such adjustments as are, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, necessary to the 
published quoting conventions and/or implying the Reference Exchange Rate from more than one 
Settlement Rate Option) unless a Disruption Event exists or occurs, in which case, the Settlement Rate 
for that Currency Pair will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with FX Linked 
Condition 3. 
Settlement Rate Option means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the rate published for the Currency 
Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that Currency Pair at or about the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or, if Alternate Currency Pairs are specified for the relevant Currency Pair, the 
Reference Exchange Rate will be implied from more than one Settlement Rate Option by determining 
the rate for each Alternate Currency Pair for that Currency Pair, published for the Alternate Currency 
Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that Alternate Currency Pair at or about the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Valuation Date. 
Strike Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to such Currency Pair. 
wi means, in respect of a Currency Pairi, the weighting of such Currency Pair (being a number less 
than or equal to 1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Currency Pair.

--- Page 299 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
299 
 
 
Xi means, in respect of a Currency Pairi, either (i) the Strike Rate in respect of such Currency Pair, or 
(ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such Currency Pair. 
Yi means, in respect of a Currency Pairi, either (i) the Strike Rate in respect of such Currency Pair, or 
(ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such Currency Pair. 
Zi means, in respect of a Currency Pairi, either (i) the Strike Rate in respect of such Currency Pair, (ii) 
the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair or (iii) 1, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such Currency Pair. 
22.2.2 Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.2 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Basket Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Equity Basket Knock-In N&C 
Securities will be determined by reference to a specified share or a basket of shares as further 
described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.2. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Basket Knock-In N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.2.2 for full information on Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, the Disruption 
Cut-Off Date, each Equity Currency, the Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the Final Valuation 
Date, the Initial Valuation Date, the Knock-In Percentage, the Related Exchanges, the Share Basket, 
Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Dates and the Valuation Time and whether Options Exchange 
Adjustment and Share Substitution apply. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred, the product of (x) the Calculation Amount and (y) the Final 
Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Share with the lowest Reference Performance. 
Final Price means, in respect of a Share and subject as provided in Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Price of such Share on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means a Share. 
Knock-In Event means the price of any Share quoted on the applicable Exchange at the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is equal to or less than the Knock-In Level in respect of such Share, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 300 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
300 
 
 
Knock-In Level means, in respect of a Share, the Knock-In Percentage multiplied by the Strike Price 
for such Share. 
Knock-In Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Reference Performance means, in respect of a Share, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Pricei
Strike Pricei
 
22.2.3 Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.3 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Equity Basket Barrier 
Knock-In N&C Securities will be determined by reference to a specified share or a basket of shares 
as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.3. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.3 for full information on Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption 
Events, the Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, each Equity Currency, the Exchanges, 
Exchange Business Days, the Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date, the Knock-In 
Percentage, the Related Exchanges, the Share Basket, Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Dates 
and the Valuation Time and whether Options Exchange Adjustment and Share Substitution apply. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Performance is less than the Barrier Level, the product of (x) 
the Calculation Amount and (y) the Final Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Barrier Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Share with the lowest Reference Performance.

--- Page 301 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
301 
 
 
Final Price means, in respect of a Share and subject as provided in Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Price of such Share on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means a Share. 
Knock-In Determination Period means the period from but excluding the Initial Valuation Date to 
and including the Knock-In Period Ending Date. 
Knock-In Period Ending Date means the scheduled Final Valuation Date. 
Knock-In Event means the price of any Share quoted on the applicable Exchange at any time during 
the regular trading session hours on that Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-In 
Determination Period is equal to or less than the Knock-In Level in respect of such Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, Provided That, if on any such day, as of any Knock-In Valuation 
Time, a Knock-In Event has or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted Day having 
been satisfied at such time then such Knock-In Valuation Time shall be ignored for purposes of 
determining whether a Knock-In Event has occurred Provided Further That if no Knock-In Event has 
occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied 
as of the last occurring Knock-In Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending Date, then such day 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the 
relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions for purposes of 
determining whether a Knock-In Event shall occur.  For the purposes of determining under this 
paragraph whether the conditions for a Disrupted Day have been satisfied at any Knock-In Valuation 
Time, the relevant Valuation Time used shall be the relevant Knock-In Valuation Time. 
Knock-In Level means, in respect of a Share, the Knock-In Percentage multiplied by the Strike Price 
for such Share. 
Knock-In Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Knock-In Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, any time during the regular trading session 
hours on the applicable Exchange for such Share on any Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-In 
Determination Period. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of a Share, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Pricei
Strike Pricei
 
22.2.4 Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.4 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Equity Basket 
Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities will be determined by reference to a specified share or a 
basket of shares as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or 
supplemented in this Condition 22.2.4.

--- Page 302 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
302 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-
In N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.4 for full information on Equity Basket Bonus Barrier 
Knock-In N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional 
Disruption Events, the Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, each Equity Currency, the 
Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the Final Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date, the Knock-
In Level, the Knock-In Percentage, the Participation Rate, the Related Exchanges, the Share Basket, 
Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Dates and the Valuation Time and whether Options Exchange 
Adjustment and Share Substitution apply. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) 100 per 
cent. plus the Participation Rate; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Performance is less than the Barrier Level, the product of (x) 
the Calculation Amount and (y) the Final Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Barrier Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Share with the lowest Reference Performance. 
Final Price means, in respect of a Share and subject as provided in Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Price of such Share on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means a Share. 
Knock-In Event means the Final Reference Performance is less than the Knock-In Level.  
Knock-In Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Participation Rate means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of a Share, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Pricei
Strike Pricei
 
22.2.5 Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.5 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index 
Basket Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Index Basket Knock-In N&C

--- Page 303 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
303 
 
 
Securities will be determined by reference to a specified index or a basket of indices as further 
described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 1 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.5. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable Index Basket Knock-In N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.2.5 for full information on Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, the Disruption 
Cut-Off Date, the Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the Final Valuation Date, the Index Basket, 
each Index Currency, each Index Sponsor, the Initial Valuation Date, the Knock-In Percentage, the 
Related Exchanges, Scheduled Trading Days and the Valuation Dates. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred, the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the Final 
Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Index with the lowest Reference Performance. 
Final Level means, in respect of an Index and subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Level of such Index on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means an Index. 
Knock-In Event means the closing level of the Index, as calculated and announced by the Index 
Sponsor at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is equal to or less than the Knock-In Level 
in respect of such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Knock-In Level means, in respect of an Index, the Knock-In Percentage multiplied by the Strike Level 
for such Index. 
Knock-In Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Index, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Leveli
Strike Leveli
 
22.2.6 Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.6 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index 
Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Index Basket Barrier

--- Page 304 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
304 
 
 
Knock-In N&C Securities will be determined by reference to a specified index or a basket of indices 
as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 1 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.6. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Index Basket Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.6 for full information on Index Basket Barrier Knock-In 
N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption 
Events, the Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, the Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the 
Final Valuation Date, the Index Basket, each Index Currency, each Index Sponsor, the Initial 
Valuation Date, the Knock-In Percentage, the Related Exchanges, Scheduled Trading Days and the 
Valuation Dates. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Performance is less than the Barrier Level, the product of (x) 
the Calculation Amount and (y) the Final Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Barrier Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Index with the lowest Reference Performance. 
Final Level means, in respect of an Index and subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Level of such Index on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means an Index. 
Knock-In Event means the closing level of any Index, as calculated and announced by the Index 
Sponsor at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is equal to or less than the Knock-In Level 
in respect of such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent.   
Knock-In Level means, in respect of an Index, the Knock-In Percentage multiplied by the Strike Level 
for such Index. 
Knock-In Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Index, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 305 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
305 
 
 
Final Leveli
Strike Leveli
 
22.2.7 Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.7 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index 
Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Index Basket 
Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities will be determined by reference to a specified index or a 
basket of indices as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions contained in Annex 1 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or 
supplemented in this Condition 22.2.7. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-
In N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.7 for full information on Index Basket Bonus Barrier 
Knock-In N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional 
Disruption Events, the Barrier Level, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, the Exchanges, Exchange Business 
Days, the Final Valuation Date, the Index Basket, each Index Currency, each Index Sponsor, the Initial 
Valuation Date, the Knock-In Level, the Knock-In Percentage, the Participation Rate, the Related 
Exchanges, Scheduled Trading Days and the Valuation Dates. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) 100 per 
cent. plus the Participation Rate; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Performance is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Performance is less than the Barrier Level, the product of (x) 
the Calculation Amount and (y) the Final Reference Performance. 
Where: 
Barrier Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Reference Performance means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Reference Performance of the Index with the lowest Reference Performance. 
Final Level means, in respect of an Index and subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Level of such Index on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
i means an Index. 
Knock-In Event means the Final Reference Performance is less than the Knock-In Level.   
Knock-In Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 306 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
306 
 
 
Participation Rate means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Index, a rate expressed as a percentage (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Leveli
Strike Leveli
 
22.2.8 Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.8 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Basket Autocall N&C Securities.  The redemption of Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities will be 
determined by reference to a specified share or a basket of shares as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.8. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Basket Autocall N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Early Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.2.8 for full information on Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, each Autocall 
Level, each Autocall Rate, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, each Equity Currency, the Exchanges, 
Exchange Business Days, the Initial Valuation Date, each Observation Date, the Related Exchanges, 
the Share Basket, Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Dates and the Valuation Time and whether 
Options Exchange Adjustment and Share Substitution apply. 
Unless the N&C Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled, if on any Observation Date 
an Autocall Event occurs the Issuer will, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C Securities, each nominal amount of N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified below. 
Where: 
Autocall Event means the Autocall Reference Performance in respect of an Observation Date (the 
Relevant Observation Date) is equal to or greater than the Autocall Level in respect of such 
Observation Date. 
Autocall Level means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage specified as such for such 
Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms.   
Autocall Rate means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage specified as such for such 
Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
Autocall Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the Reference Performance of the Share with the lowest Reference 
Performance in respect of such Observation Date. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but may 
be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 307 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
307 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of an N&C Security specified as a Fixed Autocall N&C Security in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Amount; and 
(b) 
in the case of an N&C Security specified as an Uplift Autocall N&C Security in the applicable 
Final Terms, the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) 100 per cent. plus the Autocall 
Rate in respect of the Relevant Observation Date. 
Early Redemption Date means the day falling the Number of Autocall Business Days immediately 
succeeding the Relevant Observation Date. 
i means a Share. 
Number of Autocall Business Days means the number of days specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Observation Price means, in respect of an Observation Date and a Share and subject as provided in 
Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Price 
of such Share on such Observation Date. 
o means an Observation Date. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and a Share, a rate expressed as a 
percentage (which will not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Observation Pricei,o
Strike Pricei
 
22.2.9 Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.9 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index 
Basket Autocall N&C Securities.  The redemption of Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities will be 
determined by reference to a specified index or a basket of indices as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
contained in Annex 1 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this 
Condition 22.2.9. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Index Basket Autocall N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Early Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.2.9 for full information on Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, each Autocall 
Level, each Autocall Rate, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, the Exchanges, Exchange Business Days, the 
Index Basket, each Index Currency, each Index Sponsor, the Initial Valuation Date, each Observation 
Date, the Related Exchanges, Scheduled Trading Days and the Valuation Dates. 
Unless the N&C Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled, if on any Observation Date 
an Autocall Event occurs the Issuer will, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C Securities, each nominal amount of N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified below. 
Where:

--- Page 308 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
308 
 
 
Autocall Event means the Autocall Reference Performance in respect of an Observation Date (the 
Relevant Observation Date) is equal to or greater than the Autocall Level in respect of such 
Observation Date. 
Autocall Level means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage specified as such for such 
Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms.   
Autocall Rate means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage specified as such for such 
Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
Autocall Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the Reference Performance of the Index with the lowest Reference 
Performance in respect of such Observation Date. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but may 
be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
in the case of an N&C Security specified as a Fixed Autocall N&C Security in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Amount; and 
(b) 
in the case of an N&C Security specified as an Uplift Autocall N&C Security in the applicable 
Final Terms, the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) 100 per cent. plus the Autocall 
Rate in respect of the Relevant Observation Date. 
Early Redemption Date means the day falling the Number of Autocall Business Days immediately 
succeeding the Relevant Observation Date. 
i means an Index. 
Number of Autocall Business Days means the number of days specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Observation Level means, in respect of an Observation Date and an Index and subject as provided in 
Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), an amount equal to the Closing Level 
of such Index on such Observation Date. 
o means an Observation Date. 
Reference Performance means, in respect of an Observation Date and an Index, a rate expressed as 
a percentage (which will not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Observation Leveli,o
Strike Leveli
 
 
22.2.10 Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.10 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Zero 
Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Zero Recovery 
Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities will be determined by reference to the creditworthiness of a 
basket of reference entities which may be based on or refer to a credit index as further described 
below.

--- Page 309 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
309 
 
 
If the N&C Securities are Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions contained in Annex 7 or Annex 15 (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) will 
apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this Condition 22.2.10. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Zero Recovery Basket Credit 
Linked N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.10 for full information on Zero Recovery Basket 
Credit Linked N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Weighting 
Percentage for each Reference Entity. 
(a) 
Credit Linked Conditions 1 and 2 will each be deleted in their entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each nominal amount of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
2. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount Reduction 
If (i) in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement are satisfied 
or (ii) in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs, in either case with respect to a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will thereupon 
reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount by an amount equal to the Credit Event Reduction 
Amount in respect of such Reference Entity, provided that if within 45 calendar days of the 
date on which Conditions to Settlement are satisfied (in respect of Securities to which Annex 
7 applies) or a Credit Event Determination Date occurs (in respect of Securities to which 
Annex 15 applies) (or, in either case, if earlier, by the Maturity Date) in accordance with the 
definition thereof the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is subsequently deemed (A) 
to have occurred on a different date or (B) not to have occurred, the reduction of the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be deemed to have taken effect on such different date or, 
as applicable, shall be reversed and the N&C Securities shall continue in accordance with their 
terms on that basis, subject in either case to such adjustment(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines in accordance with the definition of Credit Event Determination Date.   
In respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement may be satisfied 
more than once except that, subject as provided above and in Credit Linked Condition 14, a 
Credit Event Notice may only be delivered on one occasion and Conditions to Settlement may 
be satisfied once only with respect to any Reference Entity (unless subsequent to the 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement with respect to any Reference Entity, that Reference 
Entity becomes the Successor to one or more other Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred, in which case Conditions to Settlement 
may be satisfied again).  
In respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event Determination Date may 
occur more than once except that, subject as provided above and in Credit Linked Condition 
14, a Credit Event Notice may only be delivered on one occasion and a Credit Event 
Determination Date may occur once only with respect to any Reference Entity (unless 
subsequent to the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to any 
Reference Entity, that Reference Entity becomes the Successor to one or more other Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred, in which 
case a Credit Event Determination Date may occur again).

--- Page 310 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
310 
 
 
As soon as practicable after a Credit Event Determination Date the Issuer will notify the 
Securityholders of the occurrence of a Credit Event in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16.  The Issuer will also give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 if the relevant Conditions to Settlement are deemed not to have been 
satisfied or the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is deemed not to have occurred (in 
each case as applicable) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
If (i) in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, on the satisfaction of Conditions to 
Settlement, or (ii) in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, on the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date, the Outstanding Nominal Amount is equal to zero and the 
relevant reduction is not reversed as provided above, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
N&C Securities will be discharged on the last date on which any such reduction could have 
taken effect and the provisions of Condition 6.5.2.1 or 6.5.2.2 as applicable will apply in 
relation to such Credit Event Determination Date or in relation to such satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement and the Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof.  The 
Issuer will notify the Securityholders of this as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16. 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to provide a notice pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 2 will not constitute an Event of Default under the N&C Securities and will 
not affect the validity of any of the above provisions. 
If (i) in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement are satisfied 
or (ii) in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event Determination 
Date occurs, the N&C Securities will not be redeemed by payment or delivery of any amount 
or asset and instead the Outstanding Nominal Amount will be reduced in accordance with 
this Credit Linked Condition 2, proportionately to the weighting of the relevant Reference 
Entity in the basket, and no amounts will be payable to Securityholders in this respect.  In 
the event that the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the N&C Securities will be discharged and the Issuer will have no further 
liability in respect thereof.". 
(b) 
Credit Linked Conditions 5 to 9 will each be deleted in their entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply. 
Where (i) in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement have 
not been satisfied or (ii) in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred, in each case on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined, in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, by reference to the Relevant 
Time) but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 8(y) applies, the Postponed 
Maturity Date (in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies) or the Postponed Cut-Off 
Date (in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies) (in each case as defined in Credit 
Linked Condition 8) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and:

--- Page 311 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
311 
 
 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day 
following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest (if any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if 
none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business 
Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay. 
6. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
Where (i) in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement have 
not been satisfied or (ii) in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred, in each case on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined, in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, by reference to the Relevant 
Time) but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is 
applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined, in the case of Securities to 
which Annex 7 applies, by reference to the Relevant Time) (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred and: 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day 
following the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest (if any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if 
none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business 
Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in 
respect of such delay. 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined, in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 
applies, by reference to the Relevant Time) then the Calculation Agent shall notify 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that the Maturity Date has 
been postponed to a date (in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, the DC Cut-off 
Date and in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies the DC Determination 
Postponement Date) being:

--- Page 312 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
312 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, the earliest of: (i) 15 Business Days 
following the date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, (ii) the second Business Day following the 
date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a 
Credit Event has not occurred and (iii) 15 Business Days following the date on which 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, the day falling five Business Days 
after: (i) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit 
Event has occurred, 15 Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement; (ii) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that 
a Credit Event has not occurred, the second Business Day following the relevant DC 
No Credit Event Announcement; or, as applicable (iii) 15 Business Days following 
the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Dismissal, 
as applicable, the DC Determination Cut-Off Date); and, 
in the case of both (a) and (b) above: 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount 
on (A) the fifth Business Day following the DC Cut-off Date or (B) the DC 
Determination Postponement Date (as applicable); and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest (if any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none 
the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on (A) the fifth Business Day 
following the DC Cut-off Date or (B) the DC Determination Postponement Date (as 
applicable) and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and 
no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on or prior to (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B), if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified 
as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period or (E) in the case of Securities to which Annex 
15 applies, the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of 
Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied 
or (ii) in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred, but, in each case a Credit Event may have 
occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may 
have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 (A) in the case of (x) above, that the redemption of the N&C Securities 
has been postponed and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period 
Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (which for these purposes shall

--- Page 313 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
313 
 
 
apply in the case of both (x)(A) and (x)(D) above) or the DC Determination Cut-off Date (in 
the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies), as the case may be, has been postponed to 
the Postponed Maturity Date (in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies) or the 
Postponed Cut-Off Date (in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies) or (B) in the 
case of (y) above, the redemption of the N&C Securities has been postponed, and: 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on (A) in the case of 
Securities to which Annex 7 applies, the fifth Business Day following the Postponed 
Maturity Date or (B) in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest (if any) calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if 
none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on (A) in the case of 
Securities to which Annex 7 applies the fifth Business Day following the Postponed 
Maturity Date or (B) in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date, and, in each case, no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay.". 
For the purposes hereof: 
Postponed Cut-off Date means (i) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), the fifteenth 
(15th) Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; or (ii) in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 8(y), the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or, in 
each case, if such day is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
Postponed Maturity Date means: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, the date specified in the notice 
given by the Calculation Agent to Securityholders pursuant to this Credit Linked 
Condition 8 and falling 15 Business Days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, Grace Period Extension Date, the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may 
be, or, if such day is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, the fifth Business Day following 
the Postponed Cut-Off Date. 
(c) 
The following definitions shall be added to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
Credit Event Reduction Amount means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an amount in the 
Specified Currency (rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the 
Calculation Amount and (b) the Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity.   
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the

--- Page 314 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
314 
 
 
Calculation Agent equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the Maturity Date.  For 
the avoidance of doubt if the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the Maturity Date is zero, 
no amounts will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
Index means the index, if applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Merger Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent is equal to the fair market value of such N&C Securities as of the Merger 
Event Redemption Date less Associated Costs. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount means the Calculation Amount, subject to reduction in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2. 
Weighting means, with respect to a Reference Entity, (a) the Weighting Percentage for such 
Reference Entity or, if prior to (i) in the case of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, the 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement with respect to such Reference Entity or (ii) in the 
case of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date with respect to such Reference Entity, such Reference Entity becomes a Successor to 
another Reference Entity, (b) the sum of (x) the Weighting Percentage for such Reference 
Entity and (y) the Weighting Percentage for each Reference Entity in respect of which such 
Reference Entity is a Successor.  If a Succession Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity 
which results in more than one Successor, the Weighting Percentage in respect of such 
Reference Entity will be pro-rated amongst each of the Successors. 
Weighting Percentage means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the relevant Weighting 
Percentage as set out in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise the relevant percentage set 
out in the Index. 
(d) 
Paragraph (a) of Credit Linked Condition 14 will be deleted in its entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"(a) 
in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect 
of such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount 
(the Partial Credit Event Reduction Amount) that may be less than the 
Credit Event Reduction Amount in respect of the Reference Entity that was 
the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event immediately prior to the delivery 
of such Credit Event Notice.  In such circumstances the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial 
Credit Event Reduction Amount only. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the Outstanding Nominal Amount in respect 
of each nominal amount of such N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount shall only be reduced by the Partial Credit Event Reduction Amount 
and interest shall accrue on that Outstanding Nominal Amount as provided in 
paragraph (e) or (f), as applicable, of N&C Securities Condition 22.2.10 
(adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate), (B) the previous Credit Event Reduction Amount in respect of 
the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event 
shall be reduced by the Partial Credit Event Reduction Amount and the Credit 
Linked Conditions and related provisions shall apply to that reduced Credit 
Event Reduction Amount in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices 
are delivered in respect of that Reference Entity and (C) if, following a

--- Page 315 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
315 
 
 
Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have 
been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable to 
Securityholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) 
determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be 
required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect as if each 
such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect 
of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) and (y) the 
effective date of such adjustment(s).". 
(e) 
If the N&C Securities are Fixed Rate N&C Securities, for the purposes of Condition 6.2 and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, interest shall be calculated on: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a Global N&C 
Security, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of the relevant period 
for which the interest is being calculated multiplied by the number of N&C Securities 
represented by such Global N&C Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities in definitive form, the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount as of the last day of the relevant period for which the interest is being 
calculated. 
(f) 
If the N&C Securities are Floating Rate N&C Securities, for the purposes of Condition 6.3 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, interest shall be calculated on: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a Global N&C 
Security, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of the relevant period 
for which the interest is being calculated multiplied by the number of N&C Securities 
represented by such Global N&C Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities in definitive form, the Outstanding 
Nominal Amount as of the last day of the relevant period for which the interest is 
being calculated.  
(g) 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions, where Reference Entities are 
determined by reference to an Index then the Calculation Agent may (but is not required to) 
elect to follow the determination of the relevant Index Sponsor specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for purposes of identifying any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) or 
Successor(s) in relation to any Reference Entity instead of applying the relevant provisions 
set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
22.2.11 Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.11 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity 
Delta One Redemption N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Equity Delta One 
Redemption N&C Securities will be determined by reference to a specified share as further described 
below. 
If the N&C Securities are Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 22.2.11. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Delta One Redemption N&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 22.2.11 for full information on Equity Delta One Redemption N&C 
Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events,

--- Page 316 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
316 
 
 
the Disruption Cut-Off Date, the Equity Currency, the Exchange(s), Exchange Business Days, the 
Final Valuation Date, the Related Exchange, the Share, Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Date 
and the Valuation Time.  
(a) 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal 
to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be 
less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:  
[VF x Exchange Rate] – C 
Any such amount will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where: 
VF means the Final Price. 
C means the Specified Currency equivalent of the Costs as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using such foreign exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate with 
respect to the relevant time(s) the Costs arise or may arise. 
Costs means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount, such N&C Securities' pro rata share of the total amount of any commissions, costs, 
expenses, duties, taxes (including but not limited to any capital gains tax or withholding tax), 
levies, registration fees, custodial fees or other charges which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of their 
respective nominees as a result of, or in connection with, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
and/or any of their respective nominees (a) being a direct holder of any Hedging Shares and/or 
selling and/or realising any Hedging Shares and/or (b) unwinding any Hedge Position.   
Exchange Rate means (i) the rate of exchange between the Equity Currency and the Specified 
Currency (expressed as a number of units of the Specified Currency for which a unit of the 
Equity Currency can be exchanged) determined at or around the Final Valuation Date which 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole discretion, or (ii) where the Equity 
Currency is the same as the Specified Currency, one.  
Hedge Position means any Product that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of 
their respective nominees (a) enters into as a result of being the direct holder of the Hedging 
Shares and/or selling and/or realising the Hedging Shares, or (b) would have entered into if 
they were to fully hedge the market, equity or other price risk of the Issuer entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the N&C Securities, using such Products as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Product means an exchange traded fund, share, an instrument representing such exchange 
traded fund or share (including, without limitation, participation notes), futures contracts or 
exchange-traded options commonly used to hedge the issuance or sale of a security that is 
linked to the Hedging Shares. 
(b) 
Cash Dividends 
(i) 
Following the declaration by a Share Issuer of a cash dividend (other than any 
Extraordinary Dividend) (each a Cash Dividend) in respect of which the In-dividend 
Date (as defined below) falls in the period from and including the Trade Date to but 
excluding the originally scheduled Final Valuation Date without regard to any 
Scheduled Trading Day or Disrupted Day adjustment (the Dividend Period), the 
Issuer will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of each Security on the related Coupon 
Payment Date (as defined below).  Each such Coupon Amount will equal the amount 
of such Cash Dividend declared in relation to one Share (less (a) all withholding taxes, 
if any, including, but without limitation, those that would have been withheld in 
relation to the payment of such cash dividend to a foreign investor and (b) any other

--- Page 317 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
317 
 
 
expenses or deductions which would apply to or be made in relation to the payment 
of such cash dividend to a foreign investor all determined in the Equity Currency and 
on a per Share basis, multiplied by the Dividend Exchange Rate as defined below). 
Dividend Exchange Rate means, in relation to a Cash Dividend, (i) the rate of 
exchange between the Equity Currency and the Specified Currency (expressed as a 
number of units of the Specified Currency for which a unit of the Equity Currency can 
be exchanged) at or around the Dividend Receipt Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, or (ii) where the Equity Currency is the same as the Specified 
Currency, one. 
Dividend Receipt Date means the date upon which a holder of Shares entitled to the 
relevant Cash Dividend would have received such Cash Dividend according to 
prevailing market practice, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In-dividend Date means, in relation to a Cash Dividend, the final date upon which a 
purchaser of Shares on the Exchange would, according to prevailing market practice, 
be entitled to receive the Cash Dividend. 
(ii) 
Coupon Amounts (if any) will only be payable on the Securities in the circumstances 
set out in paragraph (i) above and subject to the provisions of paragraphs (iii) and 
(iv) below and will be deemed only to have accrued on the Securities as of the 
relevant Coupon Payment Date.  No interest will accrue or be payable in any other 
circumstance. 
(iii) 
In the event any Coupon Payment Date would fall after the Maturity Date the Issuer 
will give notice to the Securityholders of procedures for payment of such Coupon 
Amount(s) which may be made outside of DTC or Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and may require Securityholders as of a record date selected by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion to provide a notice to the Issuer giving all necessary 
details required by the Issuer in its sole discretion to make such payments. 
(iv) 
Following any Cash Dividend declaration, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as is 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances procure that the Issuer will give 
notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 
stating the occurrence of the Cash Dividend, giving details thereof and setting out 
the method and anticipated date of the related Coupon Payment Date provided that 
any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any 
such Coupon Amount payment and the Calculation Agent will determine the basis 
on which the Coupon Amount will be paid. 
Coupon Payment Date means the date that is three (3) Business Days following the 
relevant Dividend Receipt Date. 
(c) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Equity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events) will be deleted and 
the following substituted therefor: 
"2. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Following the declaration by a Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment 
Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares 
and, if so, then: 
(i) 
if concentrative, Terms Adjustment (as specified below) will apply, and

--- Page 318 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
318 
 
 
(ii) 
if dilutive, the Calculation Agent will determine in its discretion whether 
Terms Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment (as specified below) 
applies. 
2.2 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Terms Adjustment applies, then the 
Calculation Agent will make the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of 
any variable(s) relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the Potential 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s) (which 
may include but shall not be limited to adjustment(s) to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant 
Share). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of the Potential Adjustment 
Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options 
exchange. 
2.3 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Security Distribution Adjustment applies, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine the basis on which additional Securities will 
be made available to Securityholders to account for the diluting effect of the relevant 
Potential Adjustment Event (which may include, without limitation, determining one 
or more of the matters referred to in paragraph 2.5 below). 
2.4 
Following any Terms Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment, the 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 
stating details of any Terms Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment and 
giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to 
give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
2.5 
A Security Distribution Adjustment may (but is not required to) be made on the basis 
of one or more of the following, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In each 
case the Security Distribution Adjustment may be made on different terms and 
different dates than the relevant event to which the Potential Adjustment Event relates: 
(i) 
the date (the Record Date) upon which each Securityholder will become 
entitled to additional Securities and the date (the Distribution Settlement 
Date) on or prior to which delivery of any additional Securities and any related 
cash amounts (whether payable by Securityholders or the Issuer) are to be 
effected; 
(ii) 
the aggregate number of additional Securities to be delivered to the relevant 
Clearing Systems or otherwise made available for the account of 
Securityholders; 
(iii) 
arrangements for payment by Securityholders or deduction by the Issuer of 
any amounts on account of taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depository charges, transaction charges, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, 
as may be relevant, arising in connection with the delivery of such additional 
Securities (which may include the Issuer reducing the number of additional 
Securities to be delivered and/or requiring such amounts to be paid by 
Securityholders as a precondition to receiving additional Securities); 
(iv) 
whether entitlement to additional Securities is to be made on the basis of the 
aggregate number of Securities held by a Securityholder or on a per Security

--- Page 319 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
319 
 
 
basis and whether, in respect of any holding(s) of Securities by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates, any such party(ies) is to waive its entitlement to 
receive any additional Securities in respect of any such holding(s); and 
(v) 
whether, in order to reflect the relevant Potential Adjustment Event and any 
terms to which holders of the Shares are subject, Securityholders will be 
required to pay any subscription price or other amount in order to obtain the 
additional Securities and/or the time period during which the offer of 
additional Securities will remain open. 
2.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Security Distribution Adjustment applies, the Issuer 
may rely on N&C Securities Condition 19 for the purposes of issuing additional 
Securities for delivery." 
22.2.12 Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.12 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Fixed 
Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities. The Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount for FX Redemption N&C Securities is calculated by reference to a specified currency and 
settlement currency, as further described below.  
If the N&C Securities are Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions contained in Annex 3 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or 
supplemented in this Condition 22.2.12. 
The applicable Final Terms also contain provisions applicable to Fixed Denomination FX Redemption 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount thereon, and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.12 for full information on 
Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Base Final Redemption Amount, the Consequences of a Disruption Event, the Disruption 
Events, each FX Price Source, the Maximum Days of Disruption, the Price Materiality Percentage, 
the Primary Rate, the Secondary Rate, the Settlement Currency, each Specified Financial Centre, the 
Valuation Date and the Valuation Time. 
(a) 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (which will 
not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Base Final Redemption Amount divided by the Settlement Rate, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
The Early Redemption Amount in respect of each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount shall be determined as set out in N&C Securities Condition 
8.7.3 and will be an amount expressed in the Settlement Currency. 
(c) 
The following definitions shall apply to this Condition 22.2.12: 
Base Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount or unit of N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, the amount in the Specified Currency per 
Calculation Amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Settlement Rate Option, the source(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms for the Specified Currency/Settlement Currency;

--- Page 320 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
320 
 
 
Reference Exchange Rate means the spot exchange rate for the Specified Currency quoted 
against the Settlement Currency expressed as the number of units of the Specified Currency 
quoted per one unit of the Settlement Currency; 
Settlement Rate means the Reference Exchange Rate on the Valuation Date at the Valuation 
Time as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Settlement Rate Option(s) 
(and such determination may be made, without limitation, with such adjustments as are, at the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, necessary to the published quoting conventions and/or 
implying the Reference Exchange Rate from more than one Settlement Rate Option) unless a 
Disruption Event exists or occurs, in which case, the Settlement Rate will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with FX Linked Condition 3; and 
Settlement Rate Option means the rate published for the Specified Currency/Settlement 
Currency fixing rate on the FX Price Source at or about the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date or, if the Reference Exchange Rate is to be implied from more than one Settlement Rate 
Option, the relevant fixing rates on their respective FX Price Source(s) at or about the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date. 
22.2.13 Reverse Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.13 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Reverse 
Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities. The Final Redemption Amount for Reverse 
Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities will depend on the performance of the relevant 
swap rate, as further described below.  
The applicable Final Terms also contain provisions applicable to Reverse Convertible Swap Rate 
Redemption N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereon, 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.13 for full information on Reverse 
Convertible Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Barrier, the Designated Maturity, the Floating Rate Option, the Redemption Factor, the 
Reference Swap Rate, the Reset Date, Swap RateINITIAL and the Valuation Date. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to its pro rata share of: 
(i) 
If Swap RateFINAL < Barrier: 
Max[0, Swap RateFINAL / Swap RateINITIAL] × Aggregate Nominal Amount  
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Redemption Factor × Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Any such amount will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where: 
Barrier means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Designated Maturity means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the designated maturity specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 321 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
321 
 
 
Floating Rate Option means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the floating rate option specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Factor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Swap Rate means the swap rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Date means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the reset date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Swap RateFINAL means the rate determined for the relevant Reference Swap Rate as if it was a Rate 
of Interest to be determined for such Coupon Period by reference to Condition 6.3.2 and as if 
references in Condition 6.3.2 to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the N&C Securities, 
references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Reference Swap Rate, each of the Floating Rate 
Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date for the Reference Swap Rate were to apply and 
as if ISDA Determination was applicable; 
Swap RateINITIAL means the swap rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such 
Valuation Date would fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 6.3.1), then 
such Valuation Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
22.2.14 Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.14 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Geared 
Put Swap Rate Redemption N&C Securities. The Final Redemption Amount for Geared Put Swap Rate 
Redemption N&C Securities will depend on the performance of the relevant swap rate, as further 
described below.  
The applicable Final Terms also contain provisions applicable to Geared Put Swap Rate Redemption 
N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereon, and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.14 for full information on Geared Put Swap Rate 
Redemption N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Barrier 
Factor, the Designated Maturity, the Floating Rate Option, the Gearing Factor, the Redemption 
Factor, the Reference Swap Rate, the Reset Date, Swap RateINITIAL and the Valuation Date. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency (which will not be less than, but 
may be equal to, zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to its pro rata share of: 
(i) 
If Swap RateFINAL < Barrier: 
Max[0, Swap RateFINAL / Gearing Factor x Swap RateINITIAL] × Aggregate Nominal Amount  
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Redemption Factor × Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Any such amount will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where:

--- Page 322 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
322 
 
 
Barrier means the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Barrier 
Factor and (b) Swap RateINITIAL; 
Barrier Factor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Designated Maturity means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the designated maturity specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Option means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the floating rate option specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Gearing Factor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Factor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Swap Rate means the swap rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Date means, in respect of the Reference Swap Rate, the reset date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Swap RateFINAL means the rate determined for the relevant Reference Swap Rate as if it was a Rate 
of Interest to be determined for such Coupon Period by reference to Condition 6.3.2 and as if 
references in Condition 6.3.2 to "Floating Rate N&C Securities" were to the N&C Securities, 
references therein to "Rate of Interest" were to the Reference Swap Rate, each of the Floating Rate 
Option, the Designated Maturity and the Reset Date for the Reference Swap Rate were to apply and 
as if ISDA Determination was applicable; 
Swap RateINITIAL means the swap rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such 
Valuation Date would fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 6.3.1), then 
such Valuation Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.  
22.2.15 Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.15 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Zero 
Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities.  The Final Redemption Amount of Zero 
Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities will be determined by reference to the 
creditworthiness of the reference entity as further described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 15 (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) will apply, 
subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this Condition 22.2.15. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Zero Recovery Single Name Credit 
Linked N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount thereof, and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.15 for full information on Zero Recovery Single 
Name Credit Linked N&C Securities.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
(a) 
Credit Linked Conditions 1 and 2 will each be deleted in their entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Securities

--- Page 323 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
323 
 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2 below, each nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
2. 
Redemption of the Credit Linked Securities following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs then, subject to any prior redemption in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 21, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 and the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the N&C Securities will be discharged on the Credit Event Redemption 
Date, no redemption or other amounts shall be payable in respect of such discharge 
and the Issuer will have no further liability or obligation in respect of the N&C 
Securities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if within 45 calendar days of the date on 
which a Credit Event Determination Date occurs (or, if earlier, the Credit Event 
Redemption Date), in accordance with the definition thereof, the relevant Credit Event 
Determination Date is subsequently deemed (A) to have occurred on a different date 
or (B) not to have occurred, the N&C Securities shall continue in accordance with 
their terms on that basis, subject in either case to such adjustment(s) as the Calculation 
Agent determines in accordance with the definition of Credit Event Determination 
Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, if following the occurrence of the circumstances in 
(A) above, a different Credit Event Redemption Date shall apply, the provisions of 
this Credit Linked Condition 2 relating to discharge of the Issuer's obligations shall 
apply instead to such Credit Event Redemption Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to provide a notice pursuant to 
this Credit Linked Condition 2 will not constitute an Event of Default under the N&C 
Securities and will not affect the validity of any of the above provisions. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the N&C Securities will not be 
redeemed by payment or delivery of any amount or asset.  Instead the recovery 
amount in respect of the Reference Entity will deemed to be zero, no amount will 
be payable or deliverable and the Issuer's obligations in respect of the N&C 
Securities will be deemed discharged and the Issuer will have no further liability in 
respect thereof.  In this case the N&C Securities will expire worthless". 
(b) 
the definition of "Credit Event Redemption Date" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
"Credit Event Redemption Date means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the day 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number 
of Business Days is not so specified, ten (10) Business Days) following the latest of (i) the 
Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the date on which the Credit Event Notice is 
delivered.". 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to "Credit Linked Condition 2" in Credit Linked 
Conditions 5(a)(ii), 6(a)(ii), 7(a)(ii) and 8(ii)(A) shall refer to Credit Linked Condition 2 as 
amended by this Condition 22.2.15, which for the purposes of Credit Linked Conditions 
5(a)(ii), 6(a)(ii), 7(a)(ii) and 8(ii)(A) shall be treated as applying to the N&C Securities. 
(d) 
Credit Linked Condition 14 will be deleted in its entirety and the following substituted 
therefor:

--- Page 324 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
324 
 
 
"If this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the 
occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring:  
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the 
Partial Discharge Amount) that may be less than the aggregate Nominal Amount of 
those N&C Securities outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit 
Event Notice.  In such circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related 
provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Discharge Amount only and the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the N&C Securities will be discharged in respect of 
such portion of the N&C Securities equal to the Partial Discharge Amount.  No 
redemption or other amounts shall be payable or deliverable in respect of such 
discharge and the Issuer will have no further liability or obligation in respect of such 
portion of the nominal amount of the N&C Securities equal to the Partial Discharge 
Amount.  
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the portion of the nominal amount of each such N&C 
Security in respect of which the Issuer's obligations are not so discharged (the 
Residual Portion) shall remain outstanding and interest (if any) shall accrue on that 
outstanding nominal amount of such N&C Security as provided in N&C Securities 
Condition 6 (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall apply to 
the Residual Portion in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered 
in respect of the Reference Entity and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, 
different Credit Event Determination Dates have been determined with respect to 
different portions of the nominal amount of N&C Securities under the relevant Series, 
the Calculation Agent will determine (x) such adjustment(s) to these Terms and 
Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic 
effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for 
the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 and (y) the 
effective date of such adjustment(s).  
(c) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 apply in respect of the N&C 
Securities, on redemption of part of each such N&C Security the relevant N&C 
Security or, if the N&C Securities are represented by a Global N&C Security, such 
Global N&C Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption.". 
22.2.16 Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities 
This Condition 22.2.16 applies to N&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities. The Final Redemption Amount of 
Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities will be determined by reference to 
the creditworthiness of a tranche of reference entities comprising an index as further 
described below. 
If the N&C Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 15 (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this Condition 
22.2.16. 
The applicable Final Terms also contain provisions applicable to Tranched Zero Recovery 
Credit Linked N&C Securities, including the determination of the Final Redemption Amount 
thereof, and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 22.2.16 for full information on

--- Page 325 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
325 
 
 
Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify the relevant Index which is comprised of the relevant Reference Entities. 
(a) 
Credit Linked Conditions 1 and 2 will each be deleted in their entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each nominal amount of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 2) on the Maturity Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to "Credit Linked Condition 2" in Credit Linked 
Conditions 5(a)(ii), 6(a)(ii), 7(a)(ii)and 8(y)(ii)(A)shall refer to Credit Linked Condition 1 as 
amended by this Condition 22.2.16, which for the purposes of Credit Linked Conditions 
5(a)(ii), 6(a)(ii), 7(a)(ii) and 8(y)(ii)(A) shall be treated as applying to the N&C Securities. 
  2. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount Reduction 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the Calculation Agent will thereupon 
determine the Outstanding Nominal Amount so that on any such day and with effect 
on and from such day it is equal to the Calculation Amount minus the Aggregate 
Reduction Amount, provided that if within 45 calendar days of the date on which a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs (or, if earlier, the Maturity Date) in 
accordance with the definition thereof the relevant Credit Event Determination Date 
is subsequently deemed (A) to have occurred on a different date or (B) not to have 
occurred, the reduction of the Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be deemed to have 
taken effect on such different date or, as applicable, shall be reversed and the N&C 
Securities shall continue in accordance with their terms on that basis, subject in either 
case to such adjustment(s) as the Calculation Agent determines in accordance with 
the definition of Credit Event Determination Date. 
A Credit Event Determination Date may occur more than once except that, subject as 
provided above and in Credit Linked Condition 14, a Credit Event Notice may only 
be delivered on one occasion and a Credit Event Determination Date may occur once 
only with respect to any Reference Entity (unless subsequent to the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date with respect to any Reference Entity, that Reference 
Entity becomes the Successor to one or more other Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred, in which case a Credit 
Event Determination Date may occur again). 
As soon as practicable after a Credit Event Determination Date the Issuer will notify 
the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Credit Event in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16. 
If on the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date and following the relevant 
reduction on such date, the Outstanding Nominal Amount is equal to zero and the 
relevant reduction is not reversed as provided above, then no interest will be payable 
on the N&C Securities following such date and the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the N&C Securities will be discharged on the last date on which any such reversal 
could have taken effect and the provisions of Condition 6.5.2.1 or 6.5.2.2 as 
applicable will apply in relation to such Credit Event Determination Date or in 
relation to such satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement and the Issuer will have no 
further liability in respect thereof and the N&C Securities will redeem at zero and

--- Page 326 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
326 
 
 
expire worthless.  The Issuer will notify the Securityholders of this as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16. 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to provide a notice pursuant to 
this Credit Linked Condition 2 will not constitute an Event of Default under the N&C 
Securities and will not affect the validity of any of the above provisions. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the N&C Securities will not be 
redeemed by payment or delivery of any amount or asset and instead the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount will be reduced in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 2 and no amounts will be payable to Securityholders in this 
respect.  In the event that the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the N&C Securities will be discharged and the 
Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof.". 
(b) 
The following definitions shall be added to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
Aggregate Reduction Amount means, on any day, an amount in the Specified Currency 
(rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and 
(b) the Tranche Loss Percentage divided by the Tranche Width (subject to a minimum of 
zero). 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the Maturity Date.  For 
the avoidance of doubt if the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the Maturity Date is zero, 
no amounts will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
Index means the index, if applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Loss Percentage means, with respect to each Reference Entity and the occurrence of a Credit 
Event Determination Date, the Reference Entity Weighting.  
Outstanding Nominal Amount means the Calculation Amount, subject to reduction in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2. 
Reference Entity Weighting means, in respect of each Reference Entity the relevant 
Weighting Percentage as set out in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise the relevant 
percentage set out in the Index, provided that if a Succession Event occurs in respect of a 
Reference Entity the Reference Entity Weightings of all affected Reference Entities will be 
subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent as provided in the definition of "Successor".  
If a Succession Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity which results in more than one 
Successor, the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity will be pro-
rated amongst each of the Successors. 
Tranche Loss Percentage means, with respect to a Credit Event Determination Date, (each 
a Relevant Day), an amount equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Tranche Width; and 
(b) 
an amount expressed as a percentage equal to (subject to a minimum of zero):

--- Page 327 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
327 
 
 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Percentages (calculated for the period from and 
including the relevant Trade Date to and including such Relevant Day) 
including the Loss Percentage in respect of such Relevant Day as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; minus 
(ii) 
the Tranche Attachment Level. 
Tranche Attachment Level means, the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tranche Detachment Level means, the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Tranche Width means, the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(c) 
Paragraph (a) of Credit Linked Condition 14 will be deleted in its entirety and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"(a) 
in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect 
of such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount 
(the Partial Aggregate Reduction Amount) that may be less than the 
Aggregate Reduction Amount in respect of the Reference Entity that was the 
subject of the Restructuring Credit Event immediately prior to the delivery of 
such Credit Event Notice.  In such circumstances the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial 
Aggregate Reduction Amount only. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the Outstanding Nominal Amount in respect 
of each nominal amount of such N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount shall only be reduced by the Partial Aggregate Reduction Amount 
and interest shall accrue on that Outstanding Nominal Amount as provided in 
paragraph (d) or (e), as applicable, of N&C Securities Condition 22.2.16 
(adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate), (B) the previous Aggregate Reduction Amount in respect of the 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event shall 
be reduced by the Partial Aggregate Reduction Amount and the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to that reduced Aggregate 
Reduction Amount in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are 
delivered in respect of that Reference Entity and (C) if, following a 
Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have 
been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable to 
Securityholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) 
determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be 
required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect as if each 
such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect 
of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) and (y) the 
effective date of such adjustment(s).". 
(d) 
If the N&C Securities are Fixed Rate N&C Securities, for the purposes of Condition 6.2 and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, interest shall be calculated on: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a Global 
N&C Security, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of the 
relevant period for which the interest is being calculated multiplied by the 
number of N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security; or

--- Page 328 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
328 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities in definitive form, the Outstanding 
Nominal Amount as of the last day of the relevant period for which the interest 
is being calculated. 
(e) 
If the N&C Securities are Floating Rate N&C Securities, for the purposes of Condition 6.3 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, interest shall be calculated on: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a 
Global N&C Security, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of 
the relevant period for which the interest is being calculated multiplied by the 
number of N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities in definitive form, the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of the relevant period for 
which the interest is being calculated. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions, where Reference Entities are 
determined by reference to an Index then the Calculation Agent may (but is not required to) 
elect to follow the determination of the relevant Index Sponsor specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for purposes of identifying any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) or 
Successor(s) in relation to any Reference Entity instead of applying the relevant provisions 
set out in the Credit Linked Conditions.

--- Page 329 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
329 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS OF THE N&C SECURITIES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the N&C Securities for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit.  This shall include the general corporate purposes of NHI and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the Nomura Group), as further described in the Description of the NHI Guarantor 
section below.  A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of N&C Securities may be used to hedge 
market risk with respect to such N&C Securities.  If in respect of an issue of N&C Securities, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 330 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
330 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT W&C SECURITIES 
[Date] 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) [other than[:]  
[[(i)] 
during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below[; and]] 
[[(ii)] in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s] specified in Part B below]]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has only been prepared for the purposes of use [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period].]*  No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA]** has been prepared [for use [in any other jurisdiction] [or] [at any other time]]*. 
Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA [other than [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]]* may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1] 
* 
Include where either a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) or a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate. 
** 
Include where neither a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) nor a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified in Part B below]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has only been prepared for the purposes of use during the UK 
PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period.]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
                                                     
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form 
of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to EEA Retail Investors for a specified period and/or in specified 
EEA jurisdictions with a prohibition of sales to EEA a Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times.

--- Page 331 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
331 
 
 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK]** has been prepared [for use 
at any other time]*. Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]* may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2] 
* 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not specified. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]/[specify alternative form of notice if required]]*** 
*** 
Insert notice if the classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  In each case the relevant Dealer(s) should 
consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND – [Other than with respect 
to offers of the Securities during the [Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below] [period[s] 
[]-[],] for which a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or an equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes [(CISA)], as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Securities are not intended 
to be offered to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA)] 
[FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 
5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a 
private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]3  
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of [the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA)] [CISA] and are not subject to the supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors will not benefit from the specific 
investor protection under the CISA.]4 
 
                                                     
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form 
of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to UK Retail Investors for a specified period with a prohibition 
of sales to UK Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times. 
3  
Legend to be included if the W&C Securities potentially constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA 
and are offered in Switzerland and no key information document or equivalent document under FinSA or, until 30 June 2022, a simplified 
prospectus under the CISA in its former version will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to private clients in Switzerland for 
any other reason, in which case, the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to 
private clients in Switzerland for a specified period. 
4  
Include if W&C Securities are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 332 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
332 
 
 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [    ]  
[Title of W&C Securities] 
 
under the Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payment obligations 
by Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Insert unless the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with 
an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated []] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus).  [[These Final Terms do not relate to a non-exempt public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]5 These Final Terms will be deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body 
(Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published according to Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA)][FinSA] for the purposes of an offer of the W&C Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] which has been included 
as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved 
prospectuses according to Article 64(5) FinSA by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review 
body and published according to Article 64 FinSA.]6 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
W&C Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]7 These Final Terms must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[Insert for straddle offers: Subject as provided below, full][Full] information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the offer of the W&C Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as supplemented].  [A summary of the W&C Securities  is annexed to these Final Terms.]    
The Base Prospectus has also been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
[Insert the following additional language into the initial set of Final Terms for straddle offers for which two 
sets of Final Terms will be published:  The Offer Period for the W&C Securities extends beyond the 
validity of the Base Prospectus which will expire on [insert date] (the Expiry Date).  Prior to this date, a 
successor base prospectus in respect of the Programme (the Successor Base Prospectus) and successor Final 
Terms for the W&C Securities (the Successor Final Terms) will be published.  From and including the date 
on which the Successor Base Prospectus is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, 
(i) the Successor Final Terms shall constitute the Final Terms for the W&C Securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and (ii) full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the W&C 
Securities shall only be available on the basis of the combination of the Successor Final Terms and the 
Successor Base Prospectus.  The Successor Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  The Successor Final Terms will be published at [insert 
website].] 
[Insert the following additional language for straddle offers for which a single set of Final Terms will be 
published:  The Offer Period for the W&C Securities extends beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus 
which will expire on [insert date] (the Expiry Date).  Prior to this date, a successor base prospectus in respect 
of the Programme (the Successor Base Prospectus) will be published.  From and including the date on which 
the Successor Base Prospectus is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, (i) these 
                                                     
5  
Include where applicable. 
6  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland but not with 
the CSSF. 
7  
Include where the Final Terms constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 333 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
333 
 
 
Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Successor Base Prospectus and (ii) full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the W&C Securities shall only be available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Successor Base Prospectus.  The Successor Base Prospectus will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] (N.b. if this option is 
used, (i) the form of Final Terms from this base prospectus will need to incorporated by reference in the 
successor base prospectus and (ii) the successor base prospectus will need to contain details of the Securities 
(e.g. by ISIN) that are the subject of the straddle offer and where the Final Terms for those Securities are 
published). 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or (ii) these Final Terms are Successor Final Terms for 
the purposes of a straddle offer of Securities commenced under an earlier base prospectus.  N.b. If this form 
of final terms takes a different form to the final terms used for the original issue being tapped, the Conditions 
of the original issue that is being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not require information 
to be included in the final terms for the tap issuance which is not contemplated in this pro forma.  Where the 
final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap 
using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will 
instead need to be prepared: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [5 August 2013][1 August 2014][31 July 2015][11 December 2015][16 
September 2016] [15 September 2017][14 September 2018][11 July 2019][17 April 2020] [22 February 2021] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2021.  [[These Final Terms do not 
relate to a non-exempt public offer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]8 These Final Terms will be 
deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and published 
according to Article 64 [of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA)][FinSA] for the purposes of an 
offer of the W&C Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] which has been included as a foreign prospectus that is deemed 
approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA in the list of approved prospectuses according to Article 64(5) 
FinSA by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd., deposited with this review body and published according to Article 
64 FinSA.]9 [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the W&C Securities described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]10 These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[Insert the following additional language into the Successor Final Terms for straddle offers for which two sets 
of Final Terms will be published: These Final Terms are the Successor Final Terms for the W&C Securities.  
These Final Terms succeed the Final Terms published on [date].]    [A summary of the W&C Securities  is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]    The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms, save 
as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[These W&C Securities are Swiss W&C Securities.] (This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Swiss W&C Securities) 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
                                                     
8  
Include where applicable. 
9  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as review body in Switzerland. 
10  
Include where the Final Terms constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 334 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
334 
 
 
 
1. 
Guarantor: 
[Not Applicable] [Nomura Holdings, Inc.]  
2. 
Guaranteed W&C Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[If the W&C Securities are Guaranteed W&C Securities 
insert:  
Date of the Guarantor's authorisation for the guarantee of this 
Series of Guaranteed W&C Securities: [Insert date]] 
(NB: the guarantee of W&C Securities must be authorised on 
an issue by issue basis by the Guarantor's executive officer's 
written 
authorisation 
which 
must 
comply 
with 
the 
requirements of the Guarantee.) 
3. 
Series number: 
Tranche number: 
[         ] 
[         ] 
4. 
Consolidation: 
The W&C Securities are to be consolidated and form a single 
series with the [insert title of relevant series of W&C 
Securities] issued on [insert issue date]. (N.B. Only applicable 
in relation to W&C Securities which are fungible with an 
existing series of W&C Securities) 
5. 
Type of W&C Securities: 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
 
[FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities/FX Basket Knock-In 
W&C Securities/Equity Delta One W&C Securities] 
 
[If the W&C Securities are Warrants, insert, as applicable: 
American 
Style 
Warrants/European 
Style 
Warrants/ 
Bermudan Style Warrants] 
Qualifying debt securities: 
As at the Issue Date, the Securities [will][will not] qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax 
Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore 
[If the Securities will qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore, insert: 
Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant Income) 
from any W&C Securities which constitute "qualifying debt securities" for Singapore income tax purposes 
(Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for qualifying 
debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using funds from 
that person's operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. Any person whose income 
(including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is required to declare such income 
in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
[         ] 
 
 
7. 
[For Certificates and European 
Style Warrants insert: 
 
Exercise Date: 
[insert single Exercise Date], or, if such date is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day.]

--- Page 335 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
335 
 
 
[For Bermudan Style Warrants 
insert: 
 
Exercise Dates: 
[insert Exercise Dates], or, if any such date is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the applicable Exercise Date shall be the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day.]  
[For American Style Warrants 
insert: 
 
Exercise Period: 
From and including [         ] to and including [         ], or, if 
either day is not an Exercise Business Day, the immediately 
[succeeding] Exercise Business Day.] 
8. 
Number of W&C Securities being 
issued: 
 
(i) 
[Series:] 
[          ] 
(ii) 
[Tranche:] 
[          ] 
9. 
Notional Amount per W&C 
Security (for calculation purposes 
only): 
[          ] 
10. 
Specified Currency: 
[          ] 
11. 
Issue Price: 
[          ] 
12. 
Business Day Centre: 
[          ] 
13. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
14. 
Illegality Cancellation: 
 
 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
periods for Illegality Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. In accordance with W&C Securities Condition 5.1 
Illegality Cancellation will apply automatically unless 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 5.1][[] days] 
[See Condition 5.1][[] days]]  
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of the 
maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from the 
default number of days specified in Condition 5.1. When 
setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Agent/New York Security Agent) 
15. 
Regulatory Cancellation: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 5.2, 
Regulatory Cancellation will apply automatically unless 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
16. 
Inconvertibility Event under 
Condition 5.4: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 336 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
336 
 
 
 
 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
periods for Regulatory Cancellation: 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 5.2][[] days] 
[See Condition 5.2][[] days]]  
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of the 
maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from the 
default number of days specified in Condition 5.2. When 
setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Agent/New York Security Agent) 
17. 
Cash Settlement provisions: 
 
(i) 
Settlement Date: 
[As per Condition 3.6]/[Other (specify)] 
(ii) 
Settlement Price: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[The Exchange Rate for conversion of any amount for the 
purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount is 
[         ].][See Condition [18.1][18.2]] 
18. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Nomura International plc]/[other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
WARRANTS 
 
19. 
Exercise Price: 
[The Exercise Price per Warrant is []][Insert in respect of FX 
Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities or FX Basket Knock-In 
W&C Securities: See item 25 below] 
20. 
Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic exercise [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. 
 
21. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised on 
any day by any Holder is [    ] [and Warrants may only be 
exercised in integral multiples of [     ] Warrants in excess 
thereof].][Not Applicable] (N.B. not applicable for European 
Style Warrants) 
22. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that must be exercised on 
any day by any Holder or group of Holders (whether or not 
acting in concert) is [    ].][Not Applicable] (N.B. not 
applicable for European Style Warrants) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TYPE 
OF W&C SECURITIES  
 
23. 
Type of Reference Item Linked 
W&C Securities: 
[FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities] 
[FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities] 
[Equity Delta One W&C Securities]

--- Page 337 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
337 
 
 
24. 
Equity Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
The provisions of Condition 18.3 and Annex 2 of the Terms 
and Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity 
Linked Securities) shall apply. 
(i) 
Share: 
[         ] 
(Insert description of the relevant share, including the name 
of the share issuer and the ISIN or other such security 
identification code) 
(ii) 
Equity Currency: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
 
[All Share Basis] 
 
[Per Share Basis] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[        ] 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[       ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(vi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day selection) 
(vii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[       ] 
(ix) 
Disruption Cut-Off Date: 
The date [    ] Scheduled Trading days [after the relevant 
Valuation Date/prior to the next succeeding day on which 
payment is to be made under the Securities]. 
(x) 
Options Exchange 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
W&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Initial Stock Loan Rate: [       ]] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [      ]] 
25. 
FX Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 338 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
338 
 
 
The provisions of Condition [18.1][18.2] and Annex 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
FX Linked Securities) shall apply. 
(i) 
Currency Pair(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert if one Currency Pair: [        ] / 
[        ]] [Insert if more than one Currency Pair: [Currency 
Pair [1]/[2]/[3]/[] etc.: [Insert Currency Pairs in form of 
[insert first currency]/[insert second currency]]] (repeat for 
each Currency Pair)] 
(ii) 
Provisions relating to 
Currency Pair(s): 
 
[[Insert (as appropriate) if more than one 
Currency Pair: Currency Pair [1]/[2]/[3]/[] 
etc.:] 
 
 
(I) 
First Relevant 
Currency: 
[            ] 
(II) 
Second Relevant 
Currency: 
[            ] 
(III) 
Alternate Currency 
Pair: 
[Not Applicable][[[ 
]/[ 
]] 
 
FX Price Source for the Alternate Currency Pair: [ 
]]  
(Repeat in respect of each Alternate Currency Pair) 
(NB. Alternate Currency Pairs will be applicable where the 
Reference Exchange Rate is to be implied from more than one 
Settlement Rate Option) 
(IV) 
Exercise Price: 
[            ] 
(V) 
FX Price Source: 
[            ] 
(VI) 
w: 
[            ] 
(VII) 
[Insert for FX Basket 
Knock-Out W&C 
Securities: Knock-
Out Level] / [Insert 
for FX Basket 
Knock-In W&C 
Securities: Knock In 
Level] 
[            ]] 
(Repeat prompts (I) to (VII) in respect of each Currency 
Pair) 
(iii) 
Specified Financial 
Centre(s): 
[            ] 
(iv) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[            ] per cent. 
(v) 
Primary Rate: 
(vi) 
Secondary Rate: 
[            ] 
[            ] 
(vii) 
Leverage: 
[            ] per cent. 
(viii) 
X: 
[Exercise Price][Settlement Rate] 
(ix) 
Y: 
[Exercise Price][Settlement Rate]

--- Page 339 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
339 
 
 
(x) 
Z: 
[Exercise Price][Settlement Rate][1] 
(NB. "Z" can only be "1" where there is only one Currency 
Pair specified) 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[            ] 
(xii) 
Observation Cut-Off Date: 
[            ] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[            ] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[            ] 
(xv) 
Disruption Event: 
The following Disruption Events apply to the W&C 
Securities: 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Hedging Disruption Event] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
(xvi) 
Consequence of a Disruption 
Event: 
The following fallback provisions apply to the W&C 
Securities: 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] 
 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
 
[Settlement Postponement] 
 
[Termination] 
(xvii) Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[          ] 
(xviii) Barrier Start Date: 
[          ] 
26. 
Provisions applicable to payments in 
Renminbi: 
 
(i) 
CNY Currency Event 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[Calculation Agent][Give name][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
 
27. 
Form of W&C Securities: 
[The W&C Securities are to be issued into and transferred 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.]  
 
[Registered Form: Permanent Global W&C Security 
 
The W&C Securities and the Guarantee have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or under any state 
securities laws and the W&C Securities may not be offered,

--- Page 340 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
340 
 
 
sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, exercised or redeemed, 
directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, (a) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (Regulation S), 
(b) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as 
defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), (c) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations promulgated by the United States Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), or the final rule 
relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration 
Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap 
Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the 
CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented 
from time to time, pursuant to the CEA, (d) any other "U.S. 
person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in 
regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (e) a 
"United States person" as defined in the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as 
such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented 
from time to time (each such person, a U.S. Person). 
Furthermore, the W&C Securities do not constitute, and have 
not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for 
future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and 
trading in the W&C Securities has not been approved by the 
CFTC pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. Person may at any 
time trade or maintain a position in the W&C Securities.  For 
a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of W&C 
Securities, see "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities 
and Transfer Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Each initial purchaser of the W&C Securities and each 
subsequent purchaser or transferee of the W&C Securities 
shall be deemed to have agreed with the Issuer or the seller of 
such Securities that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell 
or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Securities so purchased 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. Person and (ii) it is not 
purchasing any W&C Securities for the account or benefit of 
any U.S. Person.] 
 
(N.B. W&C Securities that are determined to be permanently 
prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, 
pledged or delivered in the United States or to, or for the 
benefit of, U.S. Persons may only be issued as Permanent 
Global W&C Securities.)] 
 
OR 
 
[Registered Form: Regulation S Global W&C Security] 
 
OR

--- Page 341 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
341 
 
 
 
[Registered Form: Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
 
The W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United States 
to QIBs who are also QPs or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. Persons who are QIBs and also QPs and are to be 
settled through DTC.] 
 
OR 
 
[Swiss W&C Securities: 
The 
Swiss 
W&C 
Securities 
are 
issued 
in 
[global]/[uncertificated] form. The provisions of Annex 10 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss Securities) shall 
apply to the Swiss W&C Securities.] 
(Include any additional terms required in respect of Swiss 
Securities, e.g. in respect of notices, provisions for meetings of 
Securityholders or the exercise procedure relating to Swiss 
W&C Securities which are (i) European Style Warrants in 
respect of which "Automatic Exercise" is not applicable, (ii) 
Bermudan Style Warrants,or (iii) American Style Warrants) 
[RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The information relating to [] [and []] contained herein has been accurately extracted from [insert 
information source(s)].  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirm[s] that this information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as [it is] [they are each] aware and [is][are] able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ..........................................  
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 342 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
342 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
When completing this Part B prompts marked: 
* 
should be deleted if minimum issue price is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) 
** 
should be deleted if minimum issue price is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) 
*** 
should be deleted if minimum issue price is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) and if the securities are not Derivative Securities 
**** 
should be deleted if the securities are Derivative Securities. 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the W&C Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange's [regulated 
market]/[Euro MTF Market]]/[specify relevant market of the 
applicable stock exchange in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, 
Spain, Sweden or The Netherlands] [and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[the Multilateral 
Trading 
Facility 
of 
securitised 
dervivative 
financial 
instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the SeDeX Market)]/[specify relevant listing authority in 
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden or The 
Netherlands] with effect from [     ].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue in respect of which the 
original securities are already admitted to trading, insert: The 
existing W&C Securities with which these Securities are to be 
consolidated and form a single series are admitted to trading 
on 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange's 
[regulated 
market][Euro MTF Market]]/[specify relevant market of the 
applicable stock exchange in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, 
Spain, Sweden or The Netherlands] [and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[the SeDeX 
Market]/[specify relevant listing authority in Austria, 
Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, 
Italy, 
Poland, 
Portugal, 
Spain, 
Sweden 
or 
The 
Netherlands]]** 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the W&C Securities has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and 
[their][its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business – amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
(N.B. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or the use of a Securities Note or 
"unitary" prospectus.)

--- Page 343 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
343 
 
 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[     ] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[     ] (Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of priority of 
such "uses".) 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING[S], EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT [AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING[S]] 
[If no underlying insert: Not Applicable][In respect of any and each underlying that is a share include 
details of the name of the share company, any security identification number of the shares, where 
pricing information about the shares is available, and where past and future performance and 
volatility of the share can be obtained.  In respect of any and each underlying that is a 
currency/currency exchange rate include a description of the currency/rate and where past and future 
performance and volatility of the relevant rate(s)/currencies can be obtained.  An example of how the 
value of the investment is affected by the value of the underlying(s) may also be included.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
CUSIP: 
[       ] (Include for issuance within the US pursuant to 
Rule144A) 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(vi) 
[(insert here any other 
relevant codes such as 
CUSIP and CNS codes)]: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
[Clearing System(s):] 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.] [and]/ [Clearstream Banking 
S.A.] [including, where required, through [its][their] bridge 
account with Monte Titoli]/[DTC] 
(viii) 
[Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC, Euroclear Sweden 
AB or a duly authorised 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 344 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
344 
 
 
Swedish central securities 
depository under the 
Swedish CSD Rules and the 
relevant identification 
number(s):] 
(ix) 
[Names and addresses of 
initial Agents:] 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, 13th Floor, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB/other]. 
(N.B. In respect of Swiss Securities include details of the 
relevant Swiss Paying Agent) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] *** of Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material features)] ***: 
[Not Applicable/give names[, and addresses and underwriting 
commitments]***] 
(Including names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts"  basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers)*** 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement ***: 
[                      ] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and address] *** of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession **: 
[        ]] 
(vi) 
Additional 
U.S. 
Federal 
Income Tax considerations: 
[Not Applicable] [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the 
Issuer intends to treat the W&C Securities as [fixed-rate 
debt/variable rate debt instruments/contingent payment debt 
instruments/short-term debt/options or warrants/prepaid 
forward contracts/a loan (or deposit) and one or more options, 
for which purposes, the Issuer will treat [          ]% of each 
[additional amount/cash settlement amount] on a W&C 
Security as interest and [          ]% as option premium.] [The 
comparable yield relating to the W&C Securities will be 
[          ]% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly], 
and the projected payment schedule with respect to a W&C 
Security consists of the following payments: [          ].] [The 
comparable yield relating to the W&C Securities and the 
projected payment schedule are available by contacting 
[          ] at [          ].] 
(N.B. This disclosure is only required for W&C Securities 
issued under Rule 144A.  Otherwise specify "Not 
Applicable") 
(vii) 
Specified Securities for U.S. 
Dividend 
Equivalent 
Withholding purposes: 
[The W&C Securities shall [not] be treated as Specified 
Securities (as defined in the Base Prospectus) for the purpose 
of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] 
[Based on market conditions on the date of these Final Terms, 
the Issuer has made a preliminary determination that the W&C 
Securities are [not] Specified Securities (as defined in the Base 
Prospectus) for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S.

--- Page 345 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
345 
 
 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. This is a preliminary 
determination only that is subject to change based on market 
conditions on the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final determination 
is different then it will give notice of such determination.] 
[Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the W&C Securities.] 
(N.B. The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, 
further analysis would be required.) 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (viii) and, unless the Final Terms relate to a Swiss 
Non-exempt Offer, also paragraph 8 below) 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions*: 
[Specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends to make 
Non-exempt Offers (where the Base Prospectus lists the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, select from that list), which must, 
therefore, be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where the Base Prospectus was approved and 
published)] 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date] 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary 
to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-exempt offer in 
relevant jurisdictions.  No such offer should be made in any 
relevant jurisdiction until those requirements have been met.  
Non-exempt offers may only be made into jurisdictions in 
which the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a 
PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute "packaged" 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID, or only intends to prepare 
and publish a PRIIPs KID during a specified period and/or in 
certain EEA jurisdiction(s), "Applicable" should be specified.  
If "Applicable" is specified but a PRIIPs KID will be provided 
during a specified period and/or in certain EEA jurisdiction(s) 
                                                     
*  
Not relevant for an issue of W&C Securities with an issue price equal to or greater than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 346 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
346 
 
 
only, specify a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period and/or PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) (as relevant) below) 
 
[PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
 
[[PRIIPs 
Retail 
Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Specify EEA jurisdiction(s) in which a PRIIPs KID will be 
made available. "All EEA jurisdictions" may be specified if 
relevant]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, a PRIIPs key information 
document will only be made available [in [the][each] PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period specified above].]] 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a UK 
PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute "packaged" 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID, or only intends to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID during a specified 
period "Applicable" should be specified.  If "Applicable" is 
specified and a UK PRIIPs KID will be provided during a 
specified period only, specify a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period below) 
 
[UK 
PRIIPs 
Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
(xi) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Offer to 
Private 
Clients 
in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers during [the 
Swiss KID Compliant Sales Period] [the period[s] []-[]] 
[or] [the duration of the applicable transition period under 
FinSA and its implementing ordinance]] 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Swiss KID Compliant Sales 
Period: 
[Swiss Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until 
[specify date][[the date which falls [] Business Days after] 
the Issue Date]]] 
(xiii) 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (xiii) and, unless the Final Terms relate to a Non-
exempt Offer, also paragraph 8 below) 
Swiss Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date] 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus for 
Swiss Non-exempt Offers: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)]] 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary 
to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a Swiss Non-exempt

--- Page 347 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
347 
 
 
Offer.  No such offer should be made until those requirements 
have been met.) 
[Withdrawal right according 
to Article 63(5) of the Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance (FinSO): 
[If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 56(5) FinSA is triggered 
during the Swiss Offer Period, investors who have already 
subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for W&C 
Securities before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus 
is published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the publication 
of such supplement [regardless of whether the Swiss Offer 
Period closes prior to the expiry of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as applicable and tailor as appropriate where the 
Final Terms are deposited with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. 
as review body in Switzerland.) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Certain amounts under the Securities are 
calculated by reference to [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
€STR/insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] 
provided by [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/ 
European Money Markets Institute/The Bank of England/The 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York/The European Central 
Bank/insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
As at the date of these Final Terms, [ICE Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited/ 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/The Bank of England/The Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York/The European Central Bank/insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority [(ESMA)] 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [as no such registration is 
required pursuant to the central bank exemption in Article 
2.2(a) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011)].] (repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms and as far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) apply, 
such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited as the 
administrator of the LIBOR benchmark is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER (Public Offer Only) ** 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 6(viii) above and sub-paragraph 6(xiii) above are specified to be "Not 
Applicable".  Where sub-paragraph 6(viii) above and sub-paragraph 6(xiii) above are specified as "Not 
Applicable" there is no Non-exempt Offer or Swiss Non-exempt Offer)

--- Page 348 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
348 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][Not Applicable][specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details (including, where relevant, the 
categories of potential investors to which the Securities are 
offered)] 
[The effectiveness of the offer is subject to the adoption of the 
resolution of admission to trading of the SeDeX W&C 
Securities on the SeDeX Market before the Issue Date. As 
such, the Issuer undertakes to file the application for the 
SeDeX W&C Securities to be admitted to trading on the 
SeDeX Market in time for the adoption of such resolution.] 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
W&C Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II/UK MiFIR and/or 
PRIIPs/UK PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in, or identified in the 
manner specified in, paragraph 6 above and identifiable from 
the Base Prospectus/None/give details] 
9. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[If applicable in the case of Securities referencing an index, including a credit index, include here any 
relevant index disclaimer]

--- Page 349 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
349 
 
 
ANNEX 
 
SUMMARY OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
[Insert completed Summary for W&C Securities (including any Swiss Non-Exempt Securities)]

--- Page 350 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
350 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer .................................................................................................................... 354 
1.1 
Type .............................................................................................................................. 354 
1.2 
Title to W&C Securities ............................................................................................... 356 
1.3 
Transfers of W&C Securities ........................................................................................ 356 
2. 
Status of the W&C Securities and Guarantee .................................................................................... 359 
2.1 
Status of the W&C Securities ....................................................................................... 359 
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee ................................................................................................. 359 
3. 
Exercise, Settlement and Additional Amounts .................................................................................. 359 
3.1 
Exercise Rights ............................................................................................................. 359 
3.2 
Cash Settlement ............................................................................................................ 363 
3.3 
Physical Settlement ....................................................................................................... 364 
3.4 
Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement ............................................................................... 369 
3.5 
General .......................................................................................................................... 369 
3.6 
Definitions .................................................................................................................... 370 
3.7 
Additional Amounts ...................................................................................................... 372 
4. 
Exercise Procedure ............................................................................................................................ 374 
4.1 
Exercise Notice in respect of Warrants ......................................................................... 374 
4.2 
Collection Notice in respect of Certificates .................................................................. 376 
4.3 
Verification of the Securityholder ................................................................................ 377 
4.4 
Settlement ..................................................................................................................... 378 
4.5 
Determinations .............................................................................................................. 379 
4.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice ................................................. 379 
4.7 
Exercise Risk ................................................................................................................ 379 
4.8 
Minimum and Maximum Number of W&C Securities Exercisable ............................. 379 
4.9 
CNY Currency Event .................................................................................................... 381 
5. 
Early Cancellation, Administrator/Benchmark Events and Inconvertibility Event ........................... 382 
5.1 
Cancellation for Illegality ............................................................................................. 382 
5.2 
Regulatory Cancellation Event ..................................................................................... 383 
5.3 
Adjustment or Cancellation following an Administrator/Benchmark Event ................ 383 
5.4 
Inconvertibility Event ................................................................................................... 386 
6. 
Event of Default on Insolvency ......................................................................................................... 389 
7. 
Purchases ........................................................................................................................................... 390 
8. 
Agents ................................................................................................................................................ 390 
8.1 
Agents ........................................................................................................................... 390 
8.2 
Calculation Agent ......................................................................................................... 390 
8.3 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Guarantor ............................................................. 393 
9. 
Notices ............................................................................................................................................... 393 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation ...................................................................................................................... 394 
11. 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................................... 394 
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications ................................................................................ 394 
13. 
Substitution ........................................................................................................................................ 395 
13.1 
Substitution of the Issuer .............................................................................................. 395 
13.2 
Substitution of the Guarantor ........................................................................................ 398 
14. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 .................................................................................... 400 
15. 
Severability ........................................................................................................................................ 400 
16. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ................................................................................ 400 
16.1 
Governing law............................................................................................................... 400 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction ............................................................................................ 401 
16.3 
Process Agent for the Issuer and the Guarantors .......................................................... 401 
17. 
Redenomination................................................................................................................................. 401 
18. 
Additional Conditions relating to Non-Exempt W&C Securities ..................................................... 402

--- Page 351 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
351 
 
 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities which will apply to each issue of W&C 
Securities.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Series of Exempt W&C Securities (as defined 
below) may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions 
for the purpose of such W&C Securities.  In the case of W&C Securities other than Exempt W&C Securities, 
reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of the Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant W&C Securities. 
The Additional Terms and Conditions contained in Annex 1 in the case of Index Linked W&C Securities, Annex 
2 in the case of Equity Linked W&C Securities, Annex 3 in the case of FX Linked W&C Securities, Annex 4 in 
the case of Commodity Linked W&C Securities, Annex 5 in the case of Fund Linked W&C Securities, Annex 6 
in the case of Inflation Linked W&C Securities, Annex 7 or Annex 15 in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities, Annex 9  in the case of Swedish Securities, Annex 12 in the case of Swiss Securities and/or Annex 
14 in the case of SeDeX W&C Securities, (each as defined therein) will apply to the W&C Securities if specified 
herein and/or in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of W&C Securities that are Swiss Non-Exempt 
Securities, notwithstanding that such Swiss Non-Exempt Securities may also be Exempt Securities, the Issuer 
shall complete Final Terms, and references in these Terms and Conditions to provisions that apply, or may be 
applied, only to Exempt Securities shall not apply to such Swiss Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Series of W&C Securities described in the applicable Final Terms (insofar as it relates to such Series of 
W&C Securities) (such W&C Securities being hereinafter referred to as the W&C Securities) are issued by 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. (the Issuer).  W&C Securities will be either warrants (Warrants) or 
exercisable certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references in these Terms 
and Conditions to "W&C Security", "W&C Securities", "Warrant", "Warrants", "Certificate" and 
"Certificates" will be construed accordingly. In the case of Warrants, where specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that such Warrants are to be exercised in Units, the references in these Terms and Conditions to "W&C 
Security", "W&C Securities", "Warrant" and "Warrants" will be construed accordingly. 
The W&C Securities are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
on or about 7 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor (as defined below), Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as principal agent (the Principal Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal agent), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as New York security agent (the New York Security Agent), 
Nomura International plc as calculation agent (the Calculation Agent) and the other agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Agent, the New York Security Agent and the Calculation Agent, the Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor agents). 
Nomura International plc shall undertake duties of Calculation Agent in respect of the W&C Securities unless 
another entity is so specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Final Terms.  The expression 
"Calculation Agent" shall include such other specified Calculation Agent. 
If, (i) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) specifically authorised in accordance with the Guarantee 
by an executive officer of the Guarantor authorised by the Guarantor's Executive Management Board, the 
W&C Securities may be issued with the benefit of a guarantee from Nomura Holdings, Inc. (the Guarantor) 
pursuant to a deed of guarantee substantially in the form set out in the Base Prospectus (such guarantee, as 
modified, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) dated on or about 7 October 2021 
and executed by the Guarantor.  The Guarantee will not be applicable in respect of a Series of W&C Securities 
unless (i) expressly specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) authorised as described above.  If, (i) the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of W&C Securities does not state that the W&C Securities of 
such Series are Guaranteed W&C Securities, (ii) if the Guarantee is not authorised as described above, or (iii) 
the date of such authorisation is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such W&C Securities will 
not have the benefit of the Guarantee or any other guarantee or similar arrangements from the Guarantor or

--- Page 352 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
352 
 
 
any other party.  The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Agent on behalf of the Securityholders 
at its specified office. 
Any W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as guaranteed by the Guarantor and duly 
authorised by the Guarantor are referred to herein as Guaranteed W&C Securities.  All amounts payable or 
deliverable under Guaranteed W&C Securities are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee. 
The final terms for the W&C Securities are set out in Part A of the Final Terms applicable to the W&C 
Securities (the applicable Final Terms) which complete these Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities 
(the Conditions, which term shall include one or more of the annex(es) of additional terms and conditions or 
amendments to the terms and conditions, in each case in the form annexed hereto (each a Technical Annex) 
if specified as applicable herein and/or in such Final Terms) and, if the W&C Securities are neither admitted 
to trading on (a) a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) or (b) a United Kingdom (UK) 
regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) nor offered in (a) the EEA or (b) in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as the case may be (Exempt W&C Securities), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for 
the purposes of the W&C Securities. Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be 
deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Any reference to Warrantholders in relation to any Warrants shall mean the holders of the Warrants. Any 
reference to Certificateholders in relation to Certificates shall mean the holder of the Certificates. Any 
references to Securityholders, Holders or holders shall be construed as referring to the Warrantholders or 
Certificateholders, as applicable. 
Any reference herein to the W&C Securities being listed and/or admitted to trading shall mean that such W&C 
Securities have been either (i) admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the LuxSE) 
and admitted to trading on the LuxSE's Regulated Market or the Euro MTF market as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and/or (ii) listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be determined by the Issuer and which, where known as of the Issue 
Date, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Securityholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated on or about 7 October 2021 and 
made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined below). 
As used herein, Tranche means W&C Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of W&C Securities together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of W&C Securities which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue 
price, as the case may be, and the issue date. 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms specifies that W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and applicable state securities 
laws, interests in such W&C Securities will be represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security (the Rule 
144A Global W&C Security) and may only be offered and sold in private transactions (a) in the United States 
to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A (Rule 144A) under the Securities 
Act who are also each a qualified purchaser (QP) within the meaning of Section 3(c)(7) and as defined in

--- Page 353 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
353 
 
 
Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act) or (b) 
U.S. persons who are QIBs and also QPs and, in each case, who agree to purchase the W&C Securities for 
their own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and not 
with a view to the distribution thereof and (unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms) provide 
an Investor Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement.  If it is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms that W&C Securities as described above may also be sold outside of the United 
States in offshore transactions to or for the account and benefit of non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and pursuant to CFTC rules, regulations and guidance, the W&C 
Securities will be represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security (the Regulation S Global W&C 
Security). 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms does not specify that the W&C Securities are eligible for sale in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, the W&C Securities will be represented 
by a Permanent Global W&C Security (the Permanent Global W&C Security).  Such W&C Securities are 
permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged or delivered exercised or 
redeemed directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of or 
by (a) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S, (b) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as 
defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), (c) a 
"U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
CFTC), or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain 
Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each 
case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA, (d) any other "U.S. 
person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA, or 
(e) a "United States person" as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and 
the United States Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (each such person, a U.S. Person). 
References herein to a "Global W&C Security" include, as the context requires, a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security, a Regulation S Global W&C Security and a Permanent Global W&C Security. Interests in a 
Permanent Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in any other Global W&C Security. 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in a Permanent Global 
W&C Security.  Interests in a Regulation S Global W&C Security may not be exchanged for interests in a 
Permanent Global W&C Security. 
Except as specified herein, definitive W&C Securities will not be issued.  Each Permanent Global W&C 
Security and Regulation S Global W&C Security will be deposited with a depositary (a Common Depositary) 
on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(Euroclear).  A Rule 144A Global W&C Security will be either (i) deposited with the New York Security 
Agent as custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC) 
and references herein to W&C Securities "held through" DTC will be deemed to be references to W&C 
Securities so represented, or (ii) deposited with a Common Depository common to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Global W&C Security will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available or the Issuer receives a notice from DTC as described below in 
relation to the Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC corresponding to the same Series of W&C 
Securities as such Regulation S Global W&C Security, the Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders 
in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 and will deliver W&C Securities in definitive registered form

--- Page 354 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
354 
 
 
(bearing such legends as may be required by the Issuer) in exchange for the Regulation S Global W&C 
Security. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, if DTC 
notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security, or if at any time DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days of such 
notice, or the Issuer receives notice as described above in respect of the closure of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in relation to the Regulation S Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg corresponding to the same Series of W&C Securities as such Rule 144A Global W&C Security, 
the Issuer will deliver W&C Securities in definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may be required 
by the Issuer) in exchange for that Rule 144A Global W&C Security. 
Except in the circumstances described in the preceding two paragraphs, owners of beneficial interests in a 
Regulation S Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Rule 144A 
Global W&C Security held through DTC will not be entitled to have any portion of such W&C Securities 
registered in their name and will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered W&C 
Securities in definitive form in exchange for their interests in that Global W&C Security.  Transfer, exercise, 
payment, termination, settlement and other mechanics related to any W&C Securities issued in definitive form 
in exchange for W&C Securities as described above shall be as agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Agent 
and, in the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, the New York Security 
Agent.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Securityholder following their prior written request to the Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent).  If the W&C Securities are to be admitted to trading on 
the LuxSE's regulated market, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the LuxSE 
(www.bourse.lu). If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities and are to be listed on the Euro MTF 
market, the applicable Pricing Supplement will be published on the website of the LuxSE (www.bourse.lu). 
Otherwise, the applicable Pricing Supplement for Exempt W&C Securities will be obtainable by a 
Securityholder holding one or more W&C Securities and such Securityholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal Agent as to its holding of such W&C Securities and identity. The 
Securityholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  In the case of any inconsistency between any Technical 
Annex(es) specified as applicable herein and/or in the applicable Final Terms and other parts of these 
Conditions, the provisions of the applicable Technical Annex(es) shall prevail unless otherwise specified 
herein.  In the case of any inconsistency between the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions, the applicable 
Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
TYPE, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
1.1 
Type 
Unless the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, the W&C Securities may be FX Basket 
Knock-Out W&C Securities (which are a type of FX Linked W&C Securities), FX Basket Knock-In 
W&C Securities (which are also a type of FX Linked W&C Securities) or Equity Delta One W&C

--- Page 355 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
355 
 
 
Securities (which are a type of Equity Linked W&C Securities). If the W&C Securities are Non-
Exempt W&C Securities, they may also be Swiss Securities. 
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, the W&C Securities may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as relating to a specified Index or basket of Indices (Index Linked 
W&C Securities), a specified Share or basket of Shares or a specified American Depositary Receipt 
(an ADR) and/or Global Depositary Receipt (a GDR) referencing a share (the Underlying Share) or 
basket of such GDRs and/or ADRs (Equity Linked W&C Securities), a specified currency or basket 
of currencies (FX Linked W&C Securities), a specified commodity or commodity index or basket 
of commodities and/or commodity indices (Commodity Linked W&C Securities), a specified fund 
share or unit or basket of fund shares or units (Fund Linked W&C Securities), a specified inflation 
index (Inflation Linked W&C Securities), or the credit of a specified reference entity or reference 
entities (Credit Linked W&C Securities), a Swedish Security (Swedish Securities), a Swiss Security 
(Swiss Securities), a SeDeX W&C Security (SeDeX W&C Securities) or any combination of the 
foregoing or any other or further type of securities as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in each case as specified in and depending on the type of Securities shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  The applicable Pricing Supplement for such W&C Securities will specify which of the 
annexes of Additional Terms and Conditions apply to the W&C Securities. 
No Equity Linked W&C Securities that would be subject to Article 20.1 or 20.2(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 may be issued unless those Equity Linked W&C Securities 
are Exempt Securities. 
Unless the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, settlement shall be by way of cash payment 
(Cash Settled W&C Securities).  
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate 
whether such W&C Securities are Cash Settled W&C Securities or whether settlement will be by way 
of physical delivery (Physical Delivery W&C Securities), whether averaging (Averaging) will apply 
to the W&C Securities and whether the W&C Securities may be terminated following a Mandatory 
Early Termination Event. W&C Securities represented by a 144A Global W&C Security may not be 
settled by way of Physical Delivery.  If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement will state the relevant Averaging Dates and, in respect 
of Index Linked W&C Securities and Equity Linked W&C Securities, if an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day, whether Omission, Postponement or Modified Postponement applies. 
In respect of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether such Warrants are American 
style Warrants (American Style Warrants), European style Warrants (European Style Warrants), 
Bermudan style Warrants (Bermudan Style Warrants) or, in the case of Exempt W&C Securities,  
such other type of Warrants as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  The applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the 
Warrants and whether the Warrants are call Warrants (Call Warrants) or put Warrants (Put 
Warrants).  If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units 
and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise such Warrants in breach of this provision shall be 
void and of no effect. 
Certificates issued under the Programme will be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 3.1.4 below. 
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, references in the Conditions, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to (a) Cash Settled W&C Securities shall be deemed to include references to 
Physical Delivery W&C Securities, which include an option (as set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) at the Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such W&C Security and where 
settlement is to be by way of cash payment, and (b) Physical Delivery W&C Securities shall be deemed

--- Page 356 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
356 
 
 
to include references to Cash Settled W&C Securities which include an option (as set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) at the Issuer's election to request physical delivery of the relevant 
underlying asset in settlement of such W&C Security and where settlement is to be by way of physical 
delivery. 
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, the W&C Securities may, if so specified and 
provided for in the applicable Pricing Supplement, allow holders to elect for settlement by way of cash 
payment or by way of physical delivery or by such other method of settlement as is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  Those W&C Securities where the holder has elected for cash payment 
will be Cash Settled W&C Securities and those W&C Securities where the holder has elected for 
physical delivery will be Physical Delivery W&C Securities.  The rights of a holder as described in 
this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's right to vary settlement if so indicated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
1.2 
Title to W&C Securities 
Title to W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, subject as set forth in Condition 1.3 below, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
number of W&C Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the number of W&C Securities standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) and any Agent as the holder of 
such number of W&C Securities for all purposes. 
Title to W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, 
the Rule 144A Global W&C Security will be in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC but does 
not confer any rights or benefits on Cede & Co. or any other nominee of DTC in whose name a Rule 
144A Global W&C Security may be registered and is only enforceable by the Securityholders as 
provided therein.  Any Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC will be held by the New 
York Security Agent as custodian for DTC.  Subject as set forth in Condition 1.3 below, each person 
who is for the time being shown in the records of DTC as the holder of a particular number of such 
W&C Securities shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) and any Agent as the holder of such number of such W&C Securities for all purposes. 
1.3 
Transfers of W&C Securities 
Transfers of W&C Securities may not be effected after the exercise or termination of such W&C 
Securities pursuant to Condition 3.1. 
All transactions (which transactions shall include permitted transfers of W&C Securities represented 
by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, and permitted transfers of W&C Securities represented by the 
same or another Global W&C Security) to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person who is a 
QIB and also a QP who takes delivery of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security in the open market or otherwise in respect of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A 
Global W&C Security may only be effected to or through the Issuer. 
All transactions (including permitted transfers of W&C Securities) in the open market or otherwise 
must be effected through an account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of W&C 
Securities represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or through a direct or indirect participant of DTC, in the case of W&C Securities

--- Page 357 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
357 
 
 
represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, subject to and in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as 
the case may be.  Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be.   Transfers of a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security held by a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor's nominee. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, in the case of 
Exempt W&C Securities only, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Principal Agent from time 
to time and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
Subject as stated above, transfers or exchanges of W&C Securities (other than W&C Securities 
represented by a Permanent Global W&C Security) may only be made in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
1.3.1 
Transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security 
Transfers or exchanges of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security to or for 
W&C Securities represented by the same or another Global W&C Security may be made only: 
1.3.1.1 in the case of transfers to or exchanges with a person who takes delivery in the form 
of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security, from a 
holder of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security, upon 
certification (in the form from time to time available from any Agent) to the Principal 
Agent by the transferor (or, with respect to an exchange, the holder) thereof that such 
transfer or exchange, as the case may be, is being made to and for the account or 
benefit of a non U.S. person outside the United States in an offshore transaction 
pursuant to Regulation S and CFTC rules, regulations and guidance; 
1.3.1.2 in the case of transfers to or exchanges with a person who takes delivery in the form 
of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, from a holder 
of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security, upon 
certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as 
appropriate, (a Transfer Certificate) to the Principal Agent by the transferor (or, with 
respect to an exchange, the holder) thereof that such transfer or exchange, as the case 
may be, is being made in the United States to a person who is a QIB and also a QP or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person who is a QIB and also a QP, in either 
case, who acquired such W&C Securities in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A (copies of the form of Transfer Certificate are available from the 
specified office of any Agent) together with delivery of a duly executed Investor 
Representation Letter from the relevant transferee in accordance with (and as defined 
in) paragraph 1.3.2 below; 
1.3.1.3 in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities 
represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, from a holder of W&C Securities 
represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A together with delivery of a duly executed Investor 
Representation Letter from the relevant transferee in accordance with (and as defined 
in) paragraph 1.3.2 below; 
1.3.1.4 in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities 
represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security, from a holder of W&C

--- Page 358 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
358 
 
 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, upon certification (in 
the form from time to time available from any Agent) to the Principal Agent by the 
transferor thereof that such transfer is being made to a non U.S. person in an offshore 
transaction pursuant to Regulation S and CFTC rules regulations and guidance; and 
1.3.1.5 in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities 
represented by a Permanent Global W&C Security, from a holder of W&C Securities 
represented by that Permanent Global W&C Security only, to and for the account or 
benefit of a non-U.S. person outside the United States in an offshore transaction 
pursuant to Regulation S and CFTC rules regulations and guidance and, at the time of 
such transfer, such transferee shall be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and 
agreed in respect of the selling and transfer restrictions under the federal securities 
and commodity laws of the United States as indicated and set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
in each case, in accordance with: (1) any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction; (2) any applicable restriction imposed by the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended; and (3) any applicable rules and regulations 
of the Principal Agent, the New York Security Agent, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
1.3.2 
Transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
In the case of transfers of W&C Securities to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security, the delivery of a duly executed 
investor representation letter in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an Investor 
Representation Letter) from the relevant transferee is a condition precedent to the transfer 
of such W&C Securities or any beneficial interests therein. The Investor Representation Letter 
must be duly executed by such proposed transferee or such proposed transferee's attorney duly 
authorised in writing, at least three New York Business Days prior to the date the transfer of 
such W&C Securities is desired.  Any attempted transfer in which the Investor Representation 
Letter and the proposed transfer was not effected in accordance with the foregoing procedures 
shall not be valid or binding on the Issuer.  In addition, if any Agent subsequently determines 
or is subsequently notified by the Issuer that (i) a transfer or attempted or purported transfer 
of any interest in a W&C Security was consummated in compliance with the provisions of 
this paragraph on the basis of an incorrect form of certification from the transferee or 
purported transferee as set forth in the relevant Investor Representation Letter, (ii) the holder 
of any interest in a W&C Security was in breach, at the time given, of any representation or 
agreement set forth in any Investor Representation Letter or any deemed representation or 
agreement of such holder, or (iii) a transfer or attempted transfer of any interest in a W&C 
Security was consummated which did not comply with the transfer restrictions set forth in this 
Condition 1.3 the purported transfer shall be absolutely null and void ab initio and shall vest 
no rights in the purported transferee (such purported transferee, a Disqualified Transferee) 
and the last preceding holder of such interest that was not a Disqualified Transferee shall be 
restored to all rights as a holder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer of such interest by 
such holder. 
1.3.3 
Securityholder instruction 
The Securityholder must send: 
1.3.3.1 in the case of transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global W&C 
Security, a Permanent Global W&C Security or a Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear,

--- Page 359 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
359 
 
 
a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, not later than 10:00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) one Luxembourg Business Day 
prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect; and 
1.3.3.2 in the case of transfers or exchanges of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A 
Global W&C Security held through DTC, a free of payment instruction to DTC at 
least two New York Business Days prior to the date on which the transfer or exchange 
is to take effect. 
In the case of a transfer, separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the 
transferor and the transferee. 
1.3.4 
Transfer procedure 
On the transfer or exchange date DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, will debit the account of its participant and will instruct (i) in the case of transfers to 
a person who takes delivery of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security held through DTC, the New York Security Agent (in the case of transfers or 
exchanges of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through 
DTC) to credit the relevant account of the DTC participant or (ii) in the case of transfers or 
exchanges of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security, the Principal Agent to 
instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to credit the relevant 
account of the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE W&C SECURITIES AND GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Status of the W&C Securities 
The W&C Securities are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu and without prejudice among themselves and (save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation) at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
In respect of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Issuer's payment and/or delivery obligations are 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed under the Guarantee by the Guarantor.  The obligations of 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and shall (save for obligations in respect of national and local taxes and 
certain other statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
3. 
EXERCISE, SETTLEMENT AND ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS 
3.1 
Exercise Rights 
In respect of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether such Warrants are American 
Style Warrants, European Style Warrants, Bermudan Style Warrants or, in the case of Exempt W&C 
Securities, such other type of Warrants as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates issued under the Programme will be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date as 
provided in Condition 3.1.4 below.

--- Page 360 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
360 
 
 
3.1.1 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise 
Period. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
American Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined at 
Condition 4.1 below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 
10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the final Exercise Business 
Day of the Exercise Period (in respect of an American Style Warrant, the Expiration Date) 
shall become void and expire worthless at such time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any American 
Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 
4.1 below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-The-Money", shall be exercised by the Principal 
Agent on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder on the Expiration Date (in relation to an 
American Style Warrant, Automatic Exercise). 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
American Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC 
with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
4, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding the Expiration Date shall become void and expire worthless at such time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any American 
Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4, 
at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day immediately preceding 
the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-The-
Money", shall be Automatically Exercised by the Principal Agent on behalf of the relevant 
Warrantholder on the Expiration Date. 
The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply 
to any American Style Warrants which Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with this 
provision. 
In the case of an American Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if any Exercise Notice is received by 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received 
by the Issuer after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on the Expiration Date shall, where Automatic 
Exercise applies, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, subject as provided 
above. 
In the case of an American Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
held through DTC, if any Exercise Notice is received by the New York Security Agent or if

--- Page 361 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
361 
 
 
the copy thereof is received by the Issuer after 5.00 p.m., New York time, on any New York 
Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next New York Business Day, the Exercise Business Day immediately 
following which shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such 
Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 4 at or prior to 5.00 p.m. New York time on the last New York Business Day 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date shall, where Automatic Exercise applies, be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, subject as provided above. 
3.1.2 
Bermudan Style Warrants 
Bermudan Style Warrants are exercisable on each Exercise Date or if any Exercise Date is not 
an Exercise Business Day, the immediately following Exercise Business Day. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, 
as the case may be, on the final Exercise Date (in respect of a Bermudan Style Warrant, the 
Expiration Date) shall become void and expire worthless at such time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, 
as the case may be, on the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, is "In-The-Money", shall be exercised by the Principal Agent on behalf of the relevant 
Warrantholder on the Expiration Date (in relation to a Bermudan Style Warrant, Automatic 
Exercise). 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through 
DTC with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 4, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date shall become void and expire worthless at such 
time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through 
DTC with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 4, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, is "In-The-Money", shall be Automatically Exercised by the Principal Agent on behalf 
of the relevant Warrantholder on the Expiration Date. 
The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply 
to any Bermudan Style Warrants to which Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with this 
provision. 
In the case of a Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, if any Exercise Notice is received by 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received 
by the Issuer after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Exercise 
Date, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Date

--- Page 362 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
362 
 
 
(or if such Exercise Date is not an Exercise Business Day, the immediately following Exercise 
Business Day), which Exercise Date (or if such Exercise Date is not an Exercise Business 
Day, the immediately following Exercise Business Day) shall be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has 
been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Luxembourg or 
Brussels time (as appropriate) on the Expiration Date shall, where Automatic Exercise applies, 
be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, subject as provided above. 
In the case of a Bermudan Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
held through DTC, if any Exercise Notice is received by the New York Security Agent or if 
the copy thereof is received by the Issuer after 5.00 p.m., New York time, on the New York 
Business Day immediately prior to any Exercise Date, such Exercise Notice will be deemed 
to have been delivered on the next Exercise Date, which Exercise Date shall be deemed to be 
the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4 at or prior to 5.00 p.m. New 
York time on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date shall, 
where Automatic Exercise applies, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date, subject 
as provided above. 
3.1.3 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
European Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the 
case may be, on the Exercise Date (in respect of a European Style Warrant, the Expiration 
Date) shall become void and expire worthless at such time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any European 
Style Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the 
case may be, on the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
is "In-The-Money", shall be exercised by the Principal Agent on behalf of the relevant Warrant 
holder on the Expiration Date (in relation to a European Style Warrant, Automatic Exercise). 
If "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
European Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC 
with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
4, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding the Expiration Date shall become void and expire worthless at such time. 
If "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any European 
Style Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4, 
at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York time on the New York Business Day immediately preceding 
the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-The-
Money", shall be Automatically Exercised by the Principal Agent on behalf of the relevant 
Warrantholder on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 363 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
363 
 
 
The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply 
to any European Style Warrants which Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with this 
provision. 
3.1.4 
Certificates 
Certificates which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, are "In-the-Money" 
(determined as of the Exercise Date) will be automatically exercised by the Principal Agent 
on behalf of the Securityholders on the Exercise Date (in respect of a Certificate, the 
Expiration Date and any such exercise, in relation to a Certificate, an Automatic Exercise). 
The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply 
to any Certificates in accordance with this provision. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1, In-The-Money means: 
3.1.4.1 in the case of a Cash Settled W&C Security, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
of such W&C Security is or would be greater than zero; and 
3.1.4.2 in the case of a Physical Delivery W&C Security, the Assessed Value Payment 
Amount for such W&C Security is or would be greater than zero, 
in each case in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
3.2 
Cash Settlement 
3.2.1 
Unless the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, each W&C Security entitles its 
holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on 
the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount as provided in the relevant paragraph of 
Condition 18 below. 
3.2.2 
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, subject as set out in Condition 3.2.3 below 
in respect of Credit Linked W&C Securities, if the W&C Securities are Cash Settled W&C 
Securities, each such W&C Security entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, 
upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement 
Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero) equal to 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement): 
3.2.2.1 where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
if such W&C Securities are Warrants which are Call Warrants, 
(Settlement Price less Exercise Price) multiplied by, in the case of FX Linked 
Warrants only, the Notional Amount; 
(b) 
if such W&C Securities are Warrants which are Put Warrants, 
(Exercise Price less Settlement Price) multiplied by, in the case of FX Linked 
Warrants only, the Notional Amount; and 
(c) 
if such W&C Securities are neither Call Warrants nor Put Warrants or are 
Certificates, settlement will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 364 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
364 
 
 
3.2.2.2 where Averaging is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
if such W&C Securities are Warrants which are Call Warrants, 
((i) the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Averaging Dates 
less (ii) Exercise Price) multiplied by, in the case of FX Linked Warrants 
only, the Notional Amount; 
(b) 
if such W&C Securities are Warrants which are Put Warrants, 
((i) Exercise Price less (ii) the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for 
all the Averaging Dates) multiplied by, in the case of FX Linked Warrants 
only, the Notional Amount; and 
(c) 
if such W&C Securities are neither Call Warrants nor Put Warrants or are 
Certificates, settlement will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Specified Currency, 
will be converted into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement for the purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount. The Cash 
Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the 
case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded upwards, with W&C Securities exercised at 
the same time by the same Securityholder being aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such W&C Securities. 
3.2.3 
In respect of Credit Linked W&C Securities only, subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Conditions 2, 3 and 4, each Cash Settled Credit Linked W&C Security entitles its holder, upon 
due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
3.3 
Physical Settlement 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to Exempt W&C Securities. 
3.3.1 
Physical Settlement in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants 
3.3.1.1 Subject as set out in 3.3.1.2 below in respect of Credit Linked W&C Securities, if the 
W&C Securities are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant entitles its 
holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership and as provided in Condition 3.3.3 below, to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Expenses 
and the Exercise Price and any other sums payable. The method of delivery of the 
Entitlement is set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants, 
Provided That the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder will 
be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine.  Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be made 
in respect thereof, unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 365 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
365 
 
 
Following exercise of an Equity Linked W&C Security which is a Physical Delivery 
Warrant, any dividend or distribution in respect of the relevant Shares or 
ADRs/GDRs, as applicable, to be delivered will be payable to the party that would 
receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares or 
ADRs/GDRs executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Shares or ADRs/GDRs. Any such dividends to be paid 
to a Securityholder will be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the 
relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Condition 4.1.2.6 below. 
Any distributions (including, without limitation, dividends on shares, interest amounts 
on debt securities or payments on units of funds) in respect of the assets constituting 
the Entitlement to be delivered will be payable to the party, as determined by the 
Issuer, that would have received such distribution according to market practice for a 
sale of the relevant assets constituting the Entitlement to be settled through the 
relevant clearing system on the due date for transfer. Any such distribution shall be 
paid to the account specified for such purpose in the applicable Exercise Notice. 
3.3.1.2 In respect of Credit Linked Warrants only, subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 1 and Credit Linked Condition 4, each Physical Delivery Credit Linked 
Warrant entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Expenses and the Exercise 
Price and any other sums payable. 
3.3.1.3 In respect of Credit Linked Warrants only, in relation to each Deliverable Obligation 
constituting the Entitlement the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) 
the Guarantor, as applicable, will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations as provided above on the Credit Settlement Date, Provided 
That if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Entitlement are 
Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall 
continue to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, up to and including (i) the 30th 
Business Day following the Credit Settlement Date or (ii) such earlier date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any relevant date of settlement 
in respect of the Hedging Arrangements (if any) (the Final Delivery Date), Provided 
Further That if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 10 shall apply. 
3.3.2 
Physical Settlement in relation to Physical Delivery Certificates 
3.3.2.1 Subject as set out in 3.3.2.2 below in respect of Credit Linked W&C Securities, if the 
W&C Securities are Physical Delivery Certificates, each such Certificate entitles its 
holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership and as provided in Condition 3.3.4 below, to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Expenses 
and any other sums payable. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates exercised at the same time held by the same Securityholder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of 
such Certificates, Provided That the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same 
Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset 
or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation

--- Page 366 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
366 
 
 
Agent shall determine.  Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash adjustment will 
be made in respect thereof, unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Following exercise of an Equity Linked W&C Security which is a Physical Delivery 
Certificate, all dividends on the relevant Shares or ADRs/GDRs, as applicable, to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to 
market practice for a sale of the Shares or ADRs/GDRs executed on the relevant 
Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares 
or ADRs/GDRs. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the 
account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Collection Notice as referred 
to in Condition 4.2 below. 
Any distributions (including, without limitation, dividends on shares, interest amounts 
on debt securities or payments on units of funds) in respect of the assets constituting 
the Entitlement to be delivered will be payable to the party, as determined by the 
Issuer, that would have received such distribution according to market practice for a 
sale of the relevant assets constituting the Entitlement to be settled through the 
relevant clearing system on the due date for transfer. Any such distribution shall be 
paid to the account specified for such purpose in the applicable Collection Notice. 
3.3.2.2 In respect of Credit Linked Certificates only, subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 2 and Credit Linked Condition 4, each Physical Delivery Credit Linked 
Certificate entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Delivery Expenses and any other sums 
payable. 
3.3.2.3 In respect of Credit Linked Certificates only, in relation to each Deliverable 
Obligation constituting the Entitlement the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) the Guarantor, as applicable, will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation as provided above on the Credit Settlement Date, 
Provided That if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Entitlement 
are Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer 
shall continue to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations 
or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, up to and including (i) the 30th 
Business Day following the Credit Settlement Date or (ii) such earlier date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any relevant date of settlement 
in respect of the Hedging Arrangements (if any) (the Final Delivery Date), Provided 
Further That if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 10 shall apply. 
3.3.3 
Failure to deliver an Exercise Notice for Physical Delivery Warrants 
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of a Physical Delivery Warrant, deliver 
an Exercise Notice on or prior to (in the case a Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security 
held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or 
Brussels time on the Expiration Date, and "Automatic Exercise" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable determine the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect of such Warrant shall pay the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount to the relevant Securityholder in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the determination of the Assessed Value Payment

--- Page 367 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
367 
 
 
Amount. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of such W&C Security shall be discharged and (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such W&C Security pursuant to the 
Guarantee shall be discharged. 
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of a Physical Delivery Warrant, deliver 
an Exercise Notice on or prior to (in the case a Warrant represented by a Global W&C Security 
held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or 
Brussels time on the Expiration Date, and "Automatic Exercise" is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrant shall become void and expire worthless at such 
time. 
As used herein for the purposes of Physical Delivery Warrants: 
Assessed Value Payment Amount means, in respect of a Warrant, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the 
Entitlement in respect of such Warrant at the relevant time of determination of the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount less the applicable Exercise Expenses and Exercise Price less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer. 
3.3.4 
Failure to deliver a Collection Notice for Physical Delivery Certificates 
In the event that a Securityholder does not, in respect of a Physical Delivery Certificate, 
deliver a Collection Notice on or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time on the 
Collection Notice Cut-off Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer shall as 
soon as reasonably practicable determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount and in respect 
of such Certificate shall pay the Assessed Value Payment Amount to the relevant 
Securityholder in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount. Upon payment of the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such W&C Security 
shall be discharged and (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities), the Guarantor's 
obligations in respect of such W&C Security pursuant to the Guarantee shall be discharged. 
As used herein for the purposes of Physical Delivery Certificates: 
Assessed Value Payment Amount means, in respect of a Certificate, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Relevant Assets comprised in the 
Entitlement in respect of such Certificate at the relevant time of determination of the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount less the applicable Exercise Expenses and the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Issuer. 
3.3.5 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery W&C Securities, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as 
defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, then such Settlement 
Date for such W&C Securities shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business 
Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, Provided That the Issuer 
may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant W&C 
Security by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it 
may select and in such event the Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems 
appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially

--- Page 368 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
368 
 
 
reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Settlement Date for 
the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Settlement Date. In the case of Warrants, in the event that a Settlement Disruption 
Event will result in the delivery on a Settlement Date of some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion the 
appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Securityholder in 
respect of that partial settlement. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable 
by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the relevant W&C Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 9 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred.  No Securityholder shall be 
entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant W&C Security in the event of any delay in 
the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) the Guarantor. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Settlement Business Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant W&C Security, the fair 
market value of such W&C Security at the relevant time of determination of the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant 
Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer, plus (in the case of Warrants), if already 
paid, the Exercise Price (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been 
delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion). 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor, 
as applicable, as a result of which the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) 
the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.3.6 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and, following the exercise of Physical Delivery W&C Securities, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Relevant Assets (the Affected Relevant Assets) comprising the Entitlement, where such 
failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity), then 
3.3.6.1 subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not 
Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated Settlement 
Date in accordance with Condition 3.3.1 above and (in the case of Warrants) the

--- Page 369 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
369 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of 
the Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Securityholder in respect of that partial 
settlement; and 
3.3.6.2 in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant W&C Security by payment to the 
relevant Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) 
on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 
that the provisions of this Condition 3.3.6 apply. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant W&C Security, the 
fair market value of such W&C Security at the relevant time of determination of the Failure 
to Deliver Settlement Price (taking into account, the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, plus, if already paid (in the case 
of Warrants), the Exercise Price (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have 
been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion). 
3.4 
Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement 
If the W&C Securities are Exempt W&C Securities, unless indicated otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the W&C Securities, upon a valid 
exercise of W&C Securities in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered 
discretion in respect of each such W&C Securities, elect not to pay the relevant Securityholders the 
Cash Settlement Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant 
Securityholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders no 
later than 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day following the Actual Exercise Date. 
3.5 
General 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities), the Calculation Agent 
and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash 
Settlement Amount or, in the case of Exempt W&C Securities, of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of W&C Securities does not confer on any holder of such W&C Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
All references in this Condition to "Luxembourg or Brussels time" or "New York time" shall, where 
W&C Securities are cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, be deemed to refer 
as appropriate to the time in the city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any relevant jurisdiction, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code, and such withholding or deduction 871(m) 
Withholding) and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in

--- Page 370 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
370 
 
 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  In addition, in determining the amount of 
871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the W&C Securities, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, 
or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to W&C Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. 
securities, all payments on the W&C Securities that reference such U.S. securities or an index that 
includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant 
U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 
871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
3.6 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
Actual Exercise Date means (i) the Exercise Date (in the case of Certificates and European Style 
Warrants), (ii) subject to Condition 4.8.1.2 below, the date during the Exercise Period on which the 
Warrant is actually exercised or is deemed exercised or, if "Automatic Exercise" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, automatically exercised (in the case of American Style 
Warrants (as more fully set out in Condition 3.1.1 above) or (iii) subject to Condition 4.8.2.2 below, 
the Exercise Date on which the Warrant is actually exercised or is deemed exercised or, if "Automatic 
Exercise" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, is automatically exercised (in the 
case of Bermudan Style Warrants (as more fully set out in Condition 3.1.2 above). 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of each such relevant currency (which if the currency is 
Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland or Hong 
Kong, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 371 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
371 
 
 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to Cash Settled W&C Securities, the amount to which 
the Securityholder is entitled in the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, in 
relation to each such W&C Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 
3.2 above.  
CEA means the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended. 
CFTC means the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Costs means costs, losses, expenses, taxes and/or duties including any depositary charges, transaction 
or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or 
other taxes or duties (together with any interest additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any 
interest in respect of such additions or penalties). 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of W&C Securities, as certified by the relevant dealer (in the case of a 
non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue). 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Delivery W&C Security, the quantity of the Relevant 
Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the 
Settlement Date in respect of each such W&C Security following payment of the Exercise Expenses 
and, in the case of Warrants, Exercise Price (and any other sums payable) rounded down as provided 
in Condition 3.3.1, as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such 
Entitlement. 
Exercise Business Day means: 
(a) 
in the case of Cash Settled W&C Securities, a day that is a Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of Physical Delivery W&C Securities, a day that is a Business Day and, in the case 
of Index Linked W&C Securities or Equity Linked W&C Securities only, a Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
Exercise Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exercise Expenses means, in relation to W&C Securities all taxes duties and/or expenses including 
any depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with any interest additions to tax 
or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties) which the 
Calculation Agent determines may be or would be or would have been incurred (i) in connection with 
the exercise of the W&C Securities and/or any payment and/or delivery or transfer of the Entitlement 
in respect thereof and (ii) by the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any 
underlying related hedging arrangements in respect of the W&C Securities. 
Exercise Price is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
New York Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in New York City. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Scheduled Trading Day is as defined in the applicable annex of Additional Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 372 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
372 
 
 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled W&C Securities, (i) where Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day following the last occurring Valuation Date, 
or (ii) where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date, in such case, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable annex of Additional Terms and Conditions; or 
(b) 
otherwise, if so specified, and in any event in relation to Physical Delivery W&C Securities, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Price is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
U.S. person means any person who is a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S. 
U.S. Person means any person who is (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person 
other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA; (iii) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of 
the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap 
Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time pursuant to the CEA; (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA; or (v) a "United States person" as defined in 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. 
United States means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
3.7 
Additional Amounts 
This Condition 3.7 shall only apply to Exempt W&C Securities. 
3.7.1 
Additional Amounts 
If so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each W&C Security pays the relevant 
Additional Amounts (if any) on each Additional Amount Payment Date. 
3.7.2 
Payment of Additional Amounts 
For so long as the W&C Securities are represented by a Global W&C Security, where the 
W&C Securities pay Additional Amounts, subject as provided below, the Issuer or failing the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) shall pay or cause to be paid the Additional Amount for 
each W&C Security in respect of each Additional Amount Payment Date by credit or transfer 
to each relevant Securityholder's account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
as the case may be, for value on the relevant Additional Amount Payment Date, such payment 
to be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as 
the case may be. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, in respect of the amount 
so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 373 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
373 
 
 
DTC, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular amount of the W&C Securities must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share 
of each such payment so made to, or to the order of, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be. 
3.7.3 
Suspension of Payment in respect of Credit Linked W&C Securities 
In the event that an Additional Amount Payment Date is due to occur on a date which falls 
after the occurrence of (i) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (as set in Credit Linked 
Condition 5), (ii) a Potential Failure to Pay (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 6), in each 
case if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) a Potential Credit Event (as 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 7) or (iv) a notification by the Issuer to Securityholders of 
a Postponed Exercise Date (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 9), then no payment of 
Additional Amounts shall be made in respect of such Additional Amount Payment Date, 
Provided that if: 
(i) 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6 or Credit Linked Condition 7 
applies in respect of the W&C Securities and, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 5, a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 6, a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period 
Extension Date, or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 7, a Credit Event has not 
occurred on or prior to (A) in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 7 applies, 
the DC Cut-off Date or (B) in respect of N&C Securities to which Annex 15 applies, 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; and/or 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Condition 9 applies in respect of the W&C Securities and, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
(I) 
in respect of Securities to which Annex 7 applies, Conditions to 
Settlement are not satisfied; or 
(II) 
in respect of Securities to which Annex 15 applies, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred; or 
(b) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied, 
in each case on or prior to the Postponement Date, 
then the Additional Amounts (if any) in respect of the relevant Additional Amount Payment 
Date(s) will be paid on the delayed Settlement Date and no additional amount shall be payable 
in respect of any such delay. 
3.7.4 
Early Additional Amounts 
In the case of W&C Securities which are either American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants, in the event that any Securityholder exercises any such W&C Securities on a date 
which falls on or prior to any Additional Amount Payment Date, no further Additional 
Amounts shall be payable in respect of such W&C Security. However, if so provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay an Early Additional Amount on the Settlement 
Date in accordance with the Securityholder account details specified in the Exercise Notice or 
Collection Notice, as applicable.

--- Page 374 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
374 
 
 
3.7.5 
Definitions 
Additional Amount means, in respect of each W&C Security and an Additional Amount 
Payment Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Amount Payment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Early Additional Amount means, in respect of a W&C Security which is either an American 
Style Warrant or a Bermudan Style Warrant, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
4.1 
Exercise Notice in respect of Warrants 
Other than in the case of Automatic Exercise, Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security held 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may only be exercised by providing in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, an Exercise Notice as 
described below, with a copy to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3.1 the 
relevant information set out in this Condition. 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC may only be exercised 
by delivery through computerised exercise instruction through DTC (via its "Deposit and Withdrawal 
at Custodian" or "DWAC" function or such equivalent procedure as it exists from time to time) of a 
duly completed Exercise Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form 
may be obtained from the Agents) to the New York Security Agent with a copy to the Issuer, in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 3.1 and this Condition. 
4.1.1 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
4.1.1.1 specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being 
exercised; 
4.1.1.2 (A) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's securities account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to be debited with the Warrants being exercised or (B) in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, 
specify the designated account with DTC to be debited with the W&C Securities being 
exercised; 
4.1.1.3 (A) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, irrevocably instruct Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement 
Date the Securityholder's securities account with the Warrants being exercised or (B) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held 
through DTC, irrevocably instruct the New York Security Agent to exercise the W&C 
Securities debited to the account of the Securityholder and credited to the account of 
the New York Security Agent by means of DTC's DWAC function; 
4.1.1.4 (A) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, specify the number of the

--- Page 375 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
375 
 
 
Securityholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant being 
exercised or (B) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C 
Security held through DTC, specify the designated account with DTC to be credited 
with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) and any other cash amounts due for each 
Warrant being exercised; 
4.1.1.5 include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and (A) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to deduct an 
amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such 
Securityholder and/or to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such 
Exercise Expenses or (B) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
W&C Security held through DTC, an authority to the New York Security Agent to 
deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such 
Securityholder and/or to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at the New 
York Security Agent (or at such other account or bank as may be specified by the 
New York Security Agent) in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
4.1.1.6 certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security held through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Rule 144A Global W&C 
Securities or Regulation S Global W&C Securities for which the Issuer may prescribe 
separate requirements), that (x) the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised 
is not a U.S. Person, (y) the W&C Security is not being exercised within the United 
States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and (z) no cash, securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. Person in connection with the exercise thereof` and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
4.1.1.7 authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
4.1.2 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants represented by a Global W&C Security and held 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (other than Rule 144A Global W&C 
Securities or Regulation S Global W&C Securities for which the Issuer may prescribe separate 
requirements) the Exercise Notice shall: 
4.1.2.1 specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being 
exercised; 
4.1.2.2 specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with the Warrants being 
exercised; 
4.1.2.3 irrevocably instruct Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to 
debit on or before the Settlement Date the Securityholder's securities account with the 
Warrants being exercised;

--- Page 376 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
376 
 
 
4.1.2.4 irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to 
debit on the Actual Exercise Date a specified account of the Securityholder with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with the aggregate 
Exercise Prices in respect of the Warrants being exercised (together with any other 
amounts payable); 
4.1.2.5 include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to 
pay such Exercise Expenses; 
4.1.2.6 include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered and specify the name and the number of the Securityholder's account to be 
credited with any cash payable by the Issuer in respect of any dividend amount or 
other similar distribution, any Early Additional Amounts or any cash amount 
constituting the Entitlement, as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as 
applicable, or in respect of any Partial Cash Settlement Amounts; 
4.1.2.7 certify, inter alia, that (x) the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not 
a U.S. person, (y) the W&C Security is not being exercised within the United States 
or on behalf of a U.S. Person and (z) no cash, securities or other property have been 
or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. Person in connection with the exercise thereof` and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
4.1.2.8 authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
4.1.3 
If Condition 3.4 applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be different 
from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from the Agents 
during normal office hours. 
4.2 
Collection Notice in respect of Certificates 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Certificate, if such 
Certificate is represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (other than Rule 144A Global W&C Securities or Regulation S Global W&C Securities 
for which the Issuer may prescribe separate requirements), the relevant Securityholder must provide 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Issuer not later than the 
close of business in each place of reception on the Collection Notice Cut-off Date, in a form acceptable 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, a Collection Notice, as described 
below, containing the relevant information set out in this Condition. 
The Collection Notice shall: 
4.2.1 
specify the series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates being exercised;

--- Page 377 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
377 
 
 
4.2.2 
specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with the Certificates being exercised; 
4.2.3 
irrevocably instruct Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit on or 
before the Settlement Date the Securityholder's securities account with the Certificates being 
exercised; 
4.2.4 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise 
Expenses; 
4.2.5 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name 
and the number of the Securityholder's account to be credited with any cash payable by the 
Issuer in respect of any dividend amount or other similar distribution, any Early Additional 
Amounts or any cash amount constituting the Entitlement, as a result of the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing 
to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as 
applicable, or in respect of any Partial Cash Settlement Amounts; 
4.2.6 
certify, inter alia, that (x) the beneficial owner of each Certificate being exercised is not a U.S. 
person, (y) the W&C Security is not being exercised within the United States or on behalf of 
a U.S. Person and (z) no cash, securities or other property have been or will be delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person in connection 
with the exercise thereof` and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of 
certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws 
of the United States of America as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
4.2.7 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
4.3 
Verification of the Securityholder 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person delivering such notice is 
the holder thereof according to the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the 
Principal Agent the series number and number of W&C Securities and the account details, if 
applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, as the case may be, the details for the 
delivery of the Entitlement of each W&C Security being exercised. Upon receipt of such confirmation, 
the Principal Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, will on or before the Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder with the 
W&C Securities being exercised. If the W&C Securities are Warrants which are American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the 
Global Warrant, the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of, the Principal 
Agent, note such exercise on the Schedule to the Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised.

--- Page 378 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
378 
 
 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, 
upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the New York Security Agent shall confirm to the Issuer (subject 
to receipt by the New York Security Agent of verification in accordance with DTC procedures) that 
the person exercising the W&C Securities is the holder thereof according to the records of DTC.  
Subject thereto, the New York Security Agent shall notify the Issuer of the number of W&C Securities 
being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount 
payable in respect of each W&C Security being exercised.  If the W&C Securities are Warrants which 
are American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants 
constituted by the Rule 144A Global Warrant held through DTC, the New York Security Agent will 
note such exercise on the Schedule to such Rule 144A Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
4.4 
Settlement 
4.4.1 
Cash Settled W&C Securities 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be 
paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised W&C Security: 
4.4.1.1 to the Securityholder's account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice; or 
4.4.1.2 where no Exercise Notice is received, to the Securityholder's account with Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in each case, for value on the Settlement Date less any Exercise Expenses not already paid.  
In the case of 4.4.1.2 above, the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the 
Guarantor, as applicable, shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, in respect of the amount so paid.  Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, as the holder 
of an amount of the W&C Securities must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, for their share of each such payment so made to, or to the order 
of, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through 
DTC, the Issuer, shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) for each duly exercised W&C Security to the designated account at the New 
York Security Agent (or at such other account or bank as may be specified by the New York 
Security Agent) for the account of the New York Security Agent.  In such case, as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter, and provided that the New York Security Agent is satisfied 
that delivery to it of funds sufficient to pay the Cash Settlement Amount will be made, the 
New York Security Agent will cause the Cash Settlement Amount to be credited to DTC less 
any Exercise Expenses not already paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC as 
the holder of an amount of the W&C Securities must look solely to DTC for their share of 
each such payment so made to, or to the order of DTC. 
4.4.2 
Physical Delivery W&C Securities 
Subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices, in the case of Warrants, and payment of 
any Exercise Expenses with regard to the relevant W&C Securities, the Issuer shall on the 
Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each duly exercised 
W&C Security pursuant to the details specified in the Exercise Notice or Collection Notice, 
as applicable. Subject as provided in General Condition 3.3, the Entitlement shall be delivered 
and evidenced in such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 379 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
379 
 
 
4.5 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made (A) in the case of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the Issuer, or (B) in the case of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, by the New York 
Security Agent in consultation with the Issuer. Any such determination shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Agents and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice 
or Collection Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to 
the Issuer immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, or DTC, in each case as provided in Condition 4.1 or Condition 4.2 above, shall be null 
and void. 
If such Exercise Notice or Collection Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of (A) in the 
case of W&C Securities represented by a Global W&C Security held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer, or (B) in the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 
144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, the New York Security Agent in consultation with 
the Issuer, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or DTC and the New York 
Security Agent, as applicable, and, in either case, the Issuer. 
The Issuer, or the New York Security Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts to notify the 
Securityholder submitting an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
if, in consultation with the Issuer (in the case of the New York Security Agent), it has determined that 
such Exercise Notice or Collection Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of 
negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed W&C Securities), the Agents, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with 
such determination or the notification of such determination to a Securityholder. 
4.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice or a Collection Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the 
relevant Securityholder to exercise the W&C Securities specified or to elect to receive the Entitlement, 
as applicable. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Securityholder may not 
transfer such W&C Securities. 
4.7 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the W&C Securities is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on 
the relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) and the Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) and the Agents shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as applicable, in relation to the performance of its duties in respect of the W&C Securities. 
4.8 
Minimum and Maximum Number of W&C Securities Exercisable 
4.8.1 
American Style Warrants 
This paragraph 4.8.1 applies only to American Style Warrants which are not Automatically 
Exercised.

--- Page 380 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
380 
 
 
4.8.1.1 The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
4.8.1.2 If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual 
Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not 
acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the Quota), the Issuer may deem the Actual 
Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the discretion of the 
Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such 
Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Exercise 
Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise 
Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants 
which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. 
In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by 
Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the 
sole discretion of the Issuer. 
4.8.2 
Bermudan Style Warrants 
This paragraph 4.8.2 applies only to Bermudan Style Warrants which are not Automatically 
Exercised. 
4.8.2.1 The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than 
the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
4.8.2.2 If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual 
Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not 
acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the Quota), the Issuer may deem the Actual 
Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the discretion of the 
Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such 
Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Exercise 
Dates until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, 
provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants 
which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. 
In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by 
Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the 
sole discretion of the Issuer. 
4.8.3 
European Style Warrants 
This paragraph 4.8.3 applies only to European Style Warrants which are not Automatically 
Exercised. 
The number of W&C Securities exercisable by or on behalf of any Securityholder on the 
Exercise Date, as determined by the Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number

--- Page 381 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
381 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a 
number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
4.9 
CNY Currency Event 
4.9.1 
CNY Currency Event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a CNY Currency 
Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in 
Renminbi in respect of any W&C Security, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Renminbi 
under the terms of the W&C Securities may in the Issuer's sole discretion acting in good faith, be 
postponed by up to 14 calendar days and/or replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in U.S. 
dollars converted using the Spot Rate for the Rate Calculation Date.  
4.9.2 
Occurrence of CNY Currency Event 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Securityholder in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the CNY 
Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
4.9.3 
Definitions 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the W&C Securities; 
CNY Currency Event means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY 
Inconvertibility; 
CNY Illiquidity means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or its agents are unable to obtain, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, sufficient CNY to enable the Issuer to make a payment under the W&C Securities, as 
determined by the Issuer in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two 
independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong; 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer, any 
of its Affiliates or its agents to convert (i) U.S. dollars into (ii) any amount due in respect of the W&C 
Securities that is payable by the Issuer in CNY, on any payment date at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates or its agents to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation);

--- Page 382 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
382 
 
 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer, 
any of its Affiliates or its agents to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an 
account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the CNY clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or its agents to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule, or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate 
Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00am (Hong Kong 
time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere 
and the CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market.  
4.9.4 
CNY account 
All payments in respect of any W&C Security in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong or such other financial centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and 
regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong or any relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s)). 
5. 
EARLY 
CANCELLATION, 
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK 
EVENTS 
AND 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENT 
5.1 
Cancellation for Illegality 
This Condition 5.1 applies to W&C Securities which are subject to cancellation prior to the Settlement 
Date at the option of the Issuer upon an illegality as described below, such option being referred to 
as an Illegality Cancellation.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Illegality Cancellation and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.1 for full information on 
any Illegality Cancellation.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the applicable 
notice periods. 
Unless this Condition 5.1 is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the W&C Securities or (in the 
case of Guaranteed W&C Securities), the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, or any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities, has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or the interpretation thereof, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), on the expiry of such notice cancel all, but not some only, of the W&C 
Securities, each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount.  If no such 
minimum period of notice or maximum period of notice are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such minimum period of notice shall be 5 Business Days and such maximum period of notice shall be 
20 Business Days.

--- Page 383 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
383 
 
 
5.2 
Regulatory Cancellation Event 
This Condition 5.2 applies to W&C Securities which are subject to cancellation prior to the Settlement 
Date at the option of the Issuer upon a regulatory event as described below, such option being referred 
to as a Regulatory Cancellation.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Regulatory Cancellation and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.2 for full information 
on any Regulatory Cancellation.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the applicable 
notice periods. 
Unless this Condition 5.2 is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in the event 
that the Calculation Agent determines that a change (including a future change) in applicable law or 
regulation has occurred or will occur which results, or will result, by reason of the W&C Securities 
being outstanding, in the Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional jurisdiction or 
regulatory authority, or being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation considered by 
the Issuer to be materially onerous to it, the Issuer having given not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which notice shall be irrevocable) may, on the expiry 
of such notice cancel all, but not some only, of the W&C Securities, each W&C Security being 
cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9.  If no such minimum period of notice or maximum 
period of notice is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such minimum period of notice shall be 5 
Business Days and such maximum period of notice shall be 20 Business Days. 
5.3 
Adjustment or Cancellation following an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
5.3.1 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the W&C 
Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate to account for the relevant 
event or circumstance, including to take into account any and all costs and expenses (including 
any licensing costs) associated or incurred by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party in connection 
with maintaining the exposure of the W&C Securities to the Affected Benchmark, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will give notice of such 
adjustments to the Issuer and the Issuer shall take such additional actions as it considers 
necessary to effect such adjustments; or 
5.3.2 
instruct the Calculation Agent to, select a Replacement Benchmark to replace the exposure of 
the W&C Securities to the Affected Benchmark or, if the Calculation Agent determines a 
Replacement Benchmark is not available or appropriate, replace the Affected Benchmark with 
a Fixed Rate and in each case instruct the Calculation Agent to make such other modifications 
to the Conditions of the W&C Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Affected Benchmark 
with the Replacement Benchmark or Fixed Rate, including to apply any spread adjustment 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) or otherwise account for any and all Replacement 
Related Costs, and to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the W&C 
Securities before as after the replacement of the Affected Benchmark with the Fixed Rate; or 
5.3.3 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Securityholders of W&C 
Securities in accordance with Condition 9, on expiry of such notice cancel all, but not some 
only, of the W&C Securities, each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation 
Amount. 
The Issuer may determine whether to apply any consequences for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
and, if it does decide to apply one or more consequence(s), may in its sole discretion determine which

--- Page 384 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
384 
 
 
consequence(s) to select. The Issuer may at its option determine whether to apply any consequences 
for an Administrator/Benchmark Event at any relevant time and, without limitation, this may include 
that it is not then appropriate or that the impact of the Administrator/Benchmark Event is not then 
material for the W&C Securities. This will not prevent it applying consequences under this Condition 
in the future in relation to the occurrence of the relevant Administrator/Benchmark Event. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether 
any 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred. 
In 
determining 
whether 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will act in accordance with 
Condition 8.2 and it may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly available information and 
pronouncements from regulators or industry bodies. In selecting a Replacement Benchmark, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent will act in a commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not 
obliged to, take into account its own, the Issuer’s or a Hedging Party’s internal models and policies, 
any industry developments and market consensus. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the W&C Securities as are 
provided for in connection with an Administrator/Benchmark Event, irrespective of the fact that such 
event may have occurred prior to the Issue Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
W&C Securities.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in 
relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall 
determine which terms shall apply in its sole discretion acting in good faith and may consult with the 
Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party and may but does not have to take into account the approach 
to the relevant event or circumstance taken in the hedging arrangements. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Calculation Agent determines that  
(1) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or the level or value 
of a Benchmark is otherwise unavailable or cannot be used as provided for in the Conditions 
of the W&C Securities on any relevant day; or  
(2) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any Hedging Party or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable 
law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the W&C Securities or maintain relevant hedging arrangements; or  
(3) 
a Benchmark has been superseded or is no longer the industry standard for transactions that 
would previously have referenced such Benchmark, as a matter of law, regulation, market 
practice or based upon any official announcement of, or protocol published by, any industry 
body, including, without limitation, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA) and any committee sponsored by or constituted at the request of a central bank or any 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Benchmark; or 
(4) 
(i) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the W&C Securities or any hedging arrangements from the perspective of the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent or a Hedging Party or (ii) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
suffers or will suffer an increased cost, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or 
changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without

--- Page 385 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
385 
 
 
limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party or any other entity 
is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the 
W&C Securities or any hedging arrangements and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); or 
(5) 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark (i) has 
determined and announced that the relevant Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future 
date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality it is 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored and (ii) is aware that certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such 
supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts have been or are engaged. 
Affected Benchmark means the Benchmark the subject of or affected by the relevant 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Associated Costs means, in respect of a W&C Security, an amount equal to such W&C Security's pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, any Affiliate 
and/or Hedging Party (as applicable) in connection with such early cancellation, including, without 
limitation, any Costs associated with unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing, and/or 
incurring any funding relating to the W&C Securities and any Costs associated with unwinding, 
substituting, settling, re-establishing, and/or incurring any hedge or related trading positions relating 
to the W&C Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount payable or 
deliverable under the W&C Securities, or the value of the W&C Securities, is determined in whole or 
in part including, without limitation, any benchmark as defined in the Benchmarks Regulation, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event means, in respect of a Benchmark any of the 
following: 
(i) 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination of, such Benchmark, or 
other means of calculating the Benchmark, is materially changed or is reasonably likely to be 
changed; or 
(ii) 
the provision of such Benchmark or its publication is or is reasonably likely to be permanently 
or indefinitely cancelled or such provision ceases or is reasonably likely to cease; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
Benchmarks Regulation means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or 
such Regulation as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as that Act is amended from time to time). 
Early Cancellation Amount means, in respect of a W&C Security, the fair market value of such 
W&C Security (calculated, only in the case of an early cancellation following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, without regard to the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed W&C Securities) at the relevant time) less any Associated Costs, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Fixed Rate means an amount, percentage, rate or value which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent it is appropriate to substitute for references to the amount, percentage, rate or value of the 
Affected Benchmark in the Conditions in order to represent the fair market value of the pro rata share 
the Affected Benchmark represents within the W&C Securities’ fair market value adjusted further to

--- Page 386 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
386 
 
 
take into account Replacement Related Costs. In determining the fair market value of the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent will take into account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant, including without limitation and if applicable, the circumstances of the relevant 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
hedging arrangements has the meaning given in Condition 8.2.1.2. 
Hedging Party has the meaning given in Condition 8.2.1.2. 
Replacement Benchmark means, in respect of an Affected Benchmark, (1) such index, benchmark 
or other price source (i) as is recognised or adopted as being an appropriate replacement index, 
benchmark or other price source for the Affected Benchmark in the over-the-counter derivatives 
market or other relevant market(s) in which the Hedging Party maintains hedging arrangements (if 
any)  in relation to the Affected Benchmark for the purposes of the W&C Securities and (ii) which 
reflects most closely those hedging arrangements or (2) if no relevant hedging arrangement are 
maintained at any time then such index, benchmark or other price source as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be an appropriate replacement index, benchmark or other price source for the Affected 
Benchmark for purposes of  the relevant W&C Securities. Where the Affected Benchmark is an 
interest rate (howsoever described) then in making such determination the Calculation Agent shall 
have regard to any index, benchmark or other price source formally recommended for use by the 
administrator of the Affected Benchmark or any index, benchmark or other price source which is 
formally recommended for use by any of (a) the central bank for the currency most closely associated 
with the Affected Benchmark or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Affected Benchmark or the administrator of the Affected Benchmark or (b) any 
working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank for the currency 
most closely associated with the Affected Benchmark, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which 
is responsible for supervising either the Affected Benchmark or the administrator of the Affected 
Benchmark, (iii) a group of those banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
Provided That in each case the Calculation Agent will not be required to select any such index, 
benchmark or other price source if this would not reflect the hedging arrangements (if any) maintained 
by the Hedging Party in relation to the Affected Benchmark for purposes of the W&C Securities or 
would otherwise not be commercially appropriate for any reason for purposes of the W&C Securities, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Replacement Related Costs means an amount per W&C Security equal to its pro rata share of the 
total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer and/or Hedging Party in 
connection with replacing the Affected Benchmark with a Replacement Benchmark or Fixed Rate, 
including, without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or 
incurring any funding costs relating to the proportion the Affected Benchmark represents of the overall 
W&C Securities' value and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any hedging arrangements relating to the proportion the Affected Benchmark 
represents of the overall W&C Securities' value and/or any related licensing costs, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
5.4 
Inconvertibility Event 
5.4.1 
Consequences of an Inconvertibility Event 
Unless Inconvertibility Event is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
if an Inconvertibility Event occurs at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer may (at 
its option) instruct the Calculation Agent to make such determinations under and/or 
adjustments to the Conditions of the W&C Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate to account for the Inconvertibility Event, including to take into account any and 
all amounts, costs and expenses associated with such Inconvertibility Event or incurred by the

--- Page 387 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
387 
 
 
Issuer resulting from the Inconvertibility Event in relation to the W&C Securities (including 
any related hedging arrangements) (Relevant Costs). The Calculation Agent is permitted to 
make such determinations and adjustments which may include, but are not limited to: 
(A) 
payments under the W&C Securities being made in a  Relevant Currency 
other than that which is specified for payment in the Final Terms;  
(B) 
deduction of an amount from payment or delivery amounts otherwise due to 
Securityholders under the relevant W&C Securities, to account for any 
increase in Relevant Costs;  
(C) 
determination by the Calculation Agent of any relevant Settlement Rate at 
such time(s) as it deems appropriate by reference to such source(s) (which 
may include, without limitation, any related hedging arrangements) taking 
into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, in good 
faith;  
(D) 
non-payment or non-delivery of any relevant payment or amount otherwise 
due under the W&C Securities and delay of such payment or delivery and, if 
applicable, determination of any relevant Settlement Rate until such time as 
the relevant Inconvertibility Event has ceased provided that, if the 
Inconvertibility Event continues to exist for more than 365 days (or such 
lesser number of days as the Calculation Agent selects as would fall 
immediately prior to the due date for settlement of the W&C Securities), the 
provisions of paragraph (E) below shall apply; and/or  
(E) 
regardless of whether or not the Calculation Agent has first applied the 
provisions of any of the above paragraphs, a determination that each W&C 
Security will be cancelled by the Issuer at the Early Cancellation Amount, 
with the relevant payments in respect of such cancellation being made as 
specified in the relevant notice provided to Securityholders. 
Once determined, the Calculation Agent will give notice of any such determinations and/or 
adjustments to the Issuer and the Issuer shall take such additional actions as it considers 
necessary to effect such determinations and/or adjustments, and shall give notice to 
Securityholders in relation to all such determinations and/or adjustments, in accordance with 
W&C Securities Condition 9. The Calculation Agent may make one or more adjustments or 
determinations in relation to the same Inconvertibility Event and will not be limited in its 
ability to select any adjustment or determination it may previously have made in relation to 
the same or a similar Inconvertibility Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above provisions are additional, and without prejudice, to any 
other terms of the W&C Securities.  In the event that other consequences could apply under 
any such other terms in relation to an event or occurrence which would constitute an 
Inconvertibility Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole discretion 
acting in good faith and may consult with the Calculation Agent or any Hedging Party and 
may (but is not obliged to) take into account the approach to the relevant event or circumstance 
taken under any related hedging arrangements.

--- Page 388 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
388 
 
 
5.4.2 
Definitions 
For purposes of this Condition 5.4: 
hedging arrangements has the meaning given in Condition 8.2.1.2. 
Hedging Disruption Event means an event that renders a Hedging Party unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign 
exchange risk (in whole or in part) incurred by the Issuer as a result of the issuance of the 
W&C Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Hedging Party has the meaning given in Condition 8.2.1.2. 
Inconvertibility Event means any action, event or circumstance whatsoever as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which 
from a legal, regulatory or practical perspective:  
(a) 
has or will have the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting: 
(i) 
the convertibility of any Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency 
through customary legal channels;  
(ii) 
the convertibility of a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency at a 
rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in a 
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction;  
(iii) 
the convertibility, transfer or remittance of a Relevant Currency from 
accounts within a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction to another country or 
countries;  
(iv) 
the ability of the Issuer to make payment in any Relevant Currency 
(including, without limitation, as a result of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on 
repatriation or exchange of one Relevant Currency into another Relevant 
Currency);  
(v) 
the hedging arrangements (which may include the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event);  
(b) 
results or will result in the unavailability of a Relevant Currency in the interbank 
foreign exchange market located in a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels; and/or  
(c) 
prohibits or prevents or will prohibit or prevent the remittance abroad of funds 
invested in a Relevant Payment Jurisdiction, 
in each case including but not limited to, as a direct or indirect result of any force majeure 
events, actual, anticipated or potential imposition of any capital controls or changes in law or 
regulation relating to foreign investment, tax, corporate or foreign ownership in a Relevant 
Payment Jurisdiction, by any relevant political or regulatory authorities.

--- Page 389 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
389 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Inconvertibility Event may occur in relation to the W&C 
Securities on more than one occasion. Where there are multiple occurrences of an 
Inconvertibility Event, different Relevant Currencies may be selected in each case. 
Relevant Currency means each currency comprised in a currency pair relevant to the W&C 
Securities as determined and selected by the Calculation Agent where each such currency is 
any of (i) a currency specified for payment in the Final Terms, (ii) the currency of 
denomination or trading of the W&C Securities, (iii) a currency most closely associated with 
any asset deliverable under the Conditions in respect of the W&C Securities, (iv) a currency 
most closely associated with any underlying reference asset(s) or basis(es) for the W&C 
Securities, (v) a currency relevant to any hedging arrangements, or (vi) United States dollars.  
Relevant Payment Jurisdiction means each jurisdiction in which the relevant Relevant 
Currency is the lawful currency, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Settlement Rate means, where applicable, any rate specified or used in connection with the 
provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms for the conversion of one Relevant 
Currency into another Relevant Currency.  
6. 
EVENT OF DEFAULT ON INSOLVENCY 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall have occurred and be 
continuing, namely: 
6.1.1 
a decree or order by a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall have been entered 
adjudging the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) bankrupt 
or insolvent or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganisation of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or reorganisation law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (the Issuer's 
Jurisdiction) or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guarantor (the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction) (if applicable) and such decree or order shall have continued undischarged and 
unstayed for a period of 60 days; or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction in the 
premises for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy 
or insolvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) or of 
all or substantially all of the property of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
W&C Securities) or for the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) shall have been entered under any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganisation law of the Issuer's Jurisdiction or the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction (if applicable) and such decree or order shall have continued 
undischarged and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
6.1.2 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) shall institute 
proceedings to be adjudicated a voluntary bankrupt or shall consent to the filing of a 
bankruptcy proceeding against it or shall file a petition or answer or consent seeking 
moratorium of payments (in respect of the Issuer only), reorganisation or arrangement under 
the applicable bankruptcy or reorganisation law of the Issuer's Jurisdiction or the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction (if applicable), or shall consent to the filing of any such petition, or shall consent 
to the appointment of a receiver or liquidator or trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency 
of it or of all or substantially all of its property, or shall make an assignment for the benefit of 
its creditors or shall make any composition with its creditors or shall admit in writing its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or corporate action shall be taken by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) in furtherance of any 
of the aforesaid purposes,

--- Page 390 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
390 
 
 
then any Securityholder may, by written notice to the Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities, the Guarantor (with a copy to the Principal Agent for information purposes only), declare 
such W&C Security(ies) held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Cancellation Amount (as defined in Condition 5), 
unless such Event of Default shall be cured prior to receipt of such written notice by the Issuer and, in 
the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Guarantor. 
7. 
PURCHASES 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their Affiliates, may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase 
W&C Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any W&C Securities 
so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation; however, W&C Securities 
represented by a Rule 144A Global W&C Security so purchased may only be resold pursuant to Rule 
144A. 
8. 
AGENTS 
8.1 
Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to 
appoint further or additional Agents, provided that no termination of appointment of the Principal 
Agent shall become effective until a replacement Principal Agent shall have been appointed and 
provided that, so long as any of the W&C Securities are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be an 
Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
listing authority and, provided that, so long as any of the W&C Securities are represented by a 
Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC, there shall be a New York Security Agent.  
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of any Agent will 
be given to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such termination or changes. In acting under 
the Agency Agreement, each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed 
W&C Securities) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders and any Agent's determinations and calculations in 
respect of the W&C Securities shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) and the Securityholders. 
The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto, but without the consent of the 
Securityholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing 
any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties may mutually deem 
necessary or desirable and which shall not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders. 
8.2 
Calculation Agent 
8.2.1 
Status of the Calculation Agent 
8.2.1.1 Determinations 
In relation to each issue of W&C Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be Nomura 
International plc or another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and (in the case of 
Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or 
any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the W&C Securities by the Calculation Agent shall (save 
in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (in 
the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) and the Securityholders. The Calculation Agent may,

--- Page 391 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
391 
 
 
with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as 
it deems appropriate. 
8.2.1.2 Exercise of discretion 
In exercising its discretion under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonably manner. In doing so, the Calculation Agent may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include in particular 
any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging 
arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party in respect of the W&C 
Securities. The exercise of the Calculation Agent's discretion under the Conditions are 
necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example but without limitation a 
material modification or disruption to the underlying asset or reference basis to which the 
W&C Securities are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the W&C Securities 
which may materially affect the costs to the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party of maintaining the 
relevant W&C Securities or relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events 
may not have been reflected in the pricing of the W&C Securities. In addition, as a result of 
certain circumstances or events (for example but without limitation the unavailability or 
material disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or 
otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of the underlying asset or otherwise in 
connection with the W&C Securities, and thus making it necessary for the Calculation Agent 
to exercise its discretion in such a case. As used herein, Hedging Party means the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party which conducts hedging arrangements in respect 
of the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities from time to time. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the hedging party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Securities together with other obligations of the Issuer or its 
Affiliates). As used herein, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, the Issuer 
makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or delivered under 
the W&C Securities as these fall due. This may involve the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party 
investing directly in the underlying asset(s) or reference basis to which the W&C Securities 
are linked. Alternatively, the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment 
by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing the underlying asset(s) or 
reference basis to which the W&C Securities are linked. The Issuer will select hedging 
arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business 
environment in which it operates. The Issuer and/or a Hedging Party may also adjust hedging 
arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or 
regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is under no obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements. 
8.2.1.3 Determinations of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in these Conditions and, in the 
case of Exempt W&C Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement to determine amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the W&C Securities.  When making any such 
determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Calculation Agent may 
in its sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant information, which may but is not 
required to include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant

--- Page 392 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
392 
 
 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliates of the Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by the 
Calculation Agent in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar 
transactions. 
The Calculation Agent's determination in the application of such methodology or of any 
amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any 
opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or 
exercised by the Calculation Agent under the Securities shall be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (as applicable) and the Securityholders except in the case of 
manifest error. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, 
decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by 
the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions 
under the Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, 
shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion. 
8.2.1.4 Modifications 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Conditions 8.2.1.2, 8.2.1.3 or 12 or any Technical Annex, the 
Calculation Agent shall be free to modify the methodology described in these Conditions from time 
to time as it, deems appropriate in response to any market, regulatory, juridical, fiscal or other 
circumstances which may arise which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, necessitates a 
modification or change of such methodology, or for the purposes of (i) curing any ambiguity or 
correcting or supplementing any provision of the Conditions, (ii) accounting for any change in the 
basis on which any relevant values, levels or information is calculated or provided which would 
materially change the commercial effect of any provision or provisions of the Conditions or (iii) 
replacing any information provider or source.  Any modification made by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Condition 8.2.1.4 shall be notified to Holders by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with Condition 9 below. 
8.2.1.5 Disclaimer of liability 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the W&C Securities, (b) the value of the 
W&C Securities at any particular time on any particular date, or (c) any amounts that may 
become payable or deliverable in respect of the W&C Securities.  The Calculation Agent shall 
not act as agent or trustee for the Securityholders. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any 
liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any direct, indirect, 
special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
8.2.2 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any series of W&C Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being 
involved in arrangements relating to any of the underlying reference assets or bases (for

--- Page 393 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
393 
 
 
example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for example, as index 
sponsor).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (as applicable), the W&C Securities or any of the underlying reference assets 
or bases and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as 
Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (as applicable) or the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the W&C Securities shall owe any duty or responsibility to any 
Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Securityholder. 
8.3 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
In exercising its discretion under the Conditions, the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C 
Securities) the Guarantor shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner. The 
exercise of the Issuer's or the Guarantor's discretion, as applicable, under the Conditions are necessary 
because certain circumstances or events (e.g. material modification or disruption to the underlying 
asset or reference to which the W&C Securities are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of 
the W&C Securities which may materially affect the costs to the Issuer and/or a Hedging Party of 
maintaining the relevant W&C Securities or relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or 
events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the W&C Securities. In addition, as a result of 
certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or material disruption to any reference source), it 
may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of 
the underlying asset or otherwise in connection with the W&C Securities, and thus making it necessary 
for the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, to exercise their discretion in such a case. 
The Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the W&C Securities may be hedged by the Issuer 
entering into certain hedging arrangements with a Hedging Party. In relation to the discretion of the 
Issuer in respect of the method of settlement under the Conditions, the exercise of any such discretion 
is necessary to enable the Issuer to settle the W&C Securities taking in to account its hedging 
arrangements. Certain events (e.g. failure by the Hedging Party to deliver the relevant underlying 
assets) beyond the control of the Issuer may occur and such events may materially increase the costs 
of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the W&C Securities. 
Any determination made by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, pursuant to the Conditions shall 
(save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
any) and the Securityholders. 
9. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the W&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the W&C Securities 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Until such time as any definitive W&C Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global W&C 
Securities representing the W&C Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the 
holders of the W&C Securities.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the W&C Securities on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC.

--- Page 394 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
394 
 
 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any W&C Security in definitive form) with the relative W&C Security or W&C 
Securities, with the Principal Agent, New York Security Agent or any person appointed by them to 
maintain the relevant register of holders of such Series of W&C Securities.  Whilst any of the W&C 
Securities are represented by a Global W&C Security, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
W&C Security to the Principal Agent or the New York Security Agent, as applicable, through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Principal Agent, the New York Security Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
All notices given pursuant to this Condition 9 in respect of W&C Securities that are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
10. 
EXPENSES AND TAXATION 
A holder of W&C Securities must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such W&C Securities as 
provided in Condition 4.1 above. 
Neither the Issuer nor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor shall be liable for or 
otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment (including any stamp or transfer 
tax or any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code or any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto), which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise 
or enforcement of any W&C Security by any person, and all payments made by the Issuer or (in the 
case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding, deduction or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or 
deducted. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create and 
issue further W&C Securities having terms and conditions the same as the W&C Securities or the 
same in all respects save for the issue price, as the case may be, and the issue date thereof and so as to 
be consolidated with and form a single Series with the outstanding W&C Securities. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Securityholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the W&C 
Securities or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by 
the Issuer or (in respect of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by the Securityholders holding not less than 10 per cent. (by number) of 
the W&C Securities for the time being remaining unexercised.  The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present and holding or representing a clear 
majority (by number) of the W&C Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons present whatever the number of the W&C Securities so held or 
represented by them, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Conditions of the W&C Securities (including modifying any Exercise Date, 
reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount or the Entitlement or altering the Settlement 
Currency), the quorum shall be one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than

--- Page 395 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
395 
 
 
two-thirds (by number) of the W&C Securities of the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than one-third (by number) 
of the W&C Securities for the time being outstanding.  The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by 
a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in number of the W&C 
Securities for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Agent) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths in number of the W&C Securities for the time being outstanding, 
shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders.  An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Securityholders shall be binding on all 
Securityholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting.  For the purposes of the provisions for 
convening meetings of the Securityholders, any W&C Securities which are for the time being held by 
or for the benefit of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities) the Guarantor or any of 
their Affiliates shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
The Issuer, without the consent of the Securityholders, may modify the Conditions in any manner 
which the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable provided that such modification (i) is not, in the 
sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or (ii) is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law.  Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 as soon 
as practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such modification. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION 
13.1 
Substitution of the Issuer 
13.1.1 Conditions precedent to Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, be replaced and substituted by the 
Substituted Obligor (as defined below) in respect of the W&C Securities provided that: 
13.1.1.1 
a deed poll (the Deed Poll) and/or such other documents (if any) shall be 
executed by the Substituted Obligor and the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed W&C Securities) as may be necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution (together with the Deed Poll, the Documents) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted 
Obligor shall undertake in favour of each Securityholder to be bound by these 
Conditions (as amended in the manner provided in paragraph 13.1.2 below) 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as 
fully as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the W&C Securities, 
the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the principal obligor in 
respect of the W&C Securities in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
Substituted Obligor) and pursuant to which the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed W&C Securities) shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee 
in favour of each Securityholder the payment of all sums payable by and/or 
delivery obligations in respect of such Guaranteed W&C Securities of the 
Substituted Obligor as such principal debtor; 
13.1.1.2 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by: 
(1) 
the Substituted Obligor:

--- Page 396 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
396 
 
 
(A) 
that it has obtained all necessary corporate, governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and for the performance by it of its obligations under the 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in 
full force and effect; and 
(B) 
that the obligations assumed by it under the Documents are 
all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms; and 
(2) 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities): 
(A) 
that the Guarantor has obtained all necessary corporate, 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
giving of such guarantee and the performance by the 
Guarantor of its obligations under the Documents and that all 
such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; and 
(B) 
that the obligations assumed by the Guarantor under the 
Documents and the guarantee are all legal, valid and binding 
in accordance with their respective terms; 
13.1.1.3 
each (if any) stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation 
system which has the W&C Securities listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Obligor the W&C 
Securities would continue to be listed, quoted and/or traded on such stock 
exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation system; 
13.1.1.4 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor, as the case may be, shall have 
delivered to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion from a reputable 
firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the Issuer, to the effect that 
the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer 
and the Substituted Obligor under English law, such opinion to be dated not 
more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at 
the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
13.1.1.5 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or 
procured the delivery to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal 
opinion addressed to the Dealers from a reputable firm of lawyers from the 
Issuer's Jurisdiction acting for the Issuer, to the effect that the Issuer has the 
capacity and authority to enter into the Documents under the laws of the 
Issuer's Jurisdiction and that the Documents constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Issuer under such laws, such opinion to be dated 
not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at 
the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
13.1.1.6 
the Substituted Obligor shall have delivered to the Principal Agent for its 
safekeeping or procured the delivery to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping 
of a legal opinion from a reputable firm of lawyers from the jurisdiction of 
the Substituted Obligor (the Substituted Obligor's Jurisdiction) acting for 
the Substituted Obligor, to the effect that the Substituted Obligor has the

--- Page 397 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
397 
 
 
capacity and authority to enter into the Documents under the laws of the 
Substituted Obligor's Jurisdiction and, where the Substituted Obligor's 
Jurisdiction is other than England, that the Documents constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of the relevant Substituted Obligor under such laws, 
such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
13.1.1.7 
in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Guarantor shall have delivered 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery to the 
Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion addressed to the Dealers 
from a reputable firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the 
Guarantor, to the effect that the Documents (including the guarantee given by 
the Guarantor in respect of the Substituted Obligor) constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Guarantor, under English law, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
13.1.1.8 
in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Guarantor shall have delivered 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery to the 
Principal Agent for its safekeeping of a legal opinion addressed to the Dealers 
from a reputable firm of lawyers from the Guarantor's Jurisdiction acting for 
the Guarantor to the effect that the Guarantor has the capacity and authority 
to enter into the Documents (including the guarantee given by the Guarantor 
in respect of the Substituted Obligor) under the laws of the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction and, that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Guarantor, under the laws of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction, 
such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Obligor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent; 
and 
13.1.1.9 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the W&C Securities. 
13.1.2 Assumption by Substituted Obligor 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph 13.1.1 above, the Substituted 
Obligor shall be deemed to be named in the W&C Securities as the principal obligor in place 
of the Issuer (or of any previous Substituted Obligor) and the W&C Securities shall thereupon 
be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents 
shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer (or such previous Substituted Obligor) from all of 
its obligations as principal obligor in respect of the W&C Securities.

--- Page 398 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
398 
 
 
13.1.3 Deposit of Documents 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Agent for so long as any 
W&C Security remains unexercised and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Obligor or, in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Guarantor by any Securityholder 
in relation to the W&C Securities or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Obligor and, in the case of Guaranteed W&C Securities, 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Securityholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the W&C Securities or the 
Documents. 
13.1.4 Notice of Substitution 
Not later than 15 days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Obligor shall give 
notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
13.1.5 Substituted Obligor 
Substituted Obligor means any company which is 100 per cent. directly or indirectly owned 
by Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
13.2 
Substitution of the Guarantor 
13.2.1 Conditions precedent to Substitution of the Guarantor 
In respect of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the Guarantor may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, be replaced and substituted by a Substituted Guarantor (as defined below) in 
respect of such W&C Securities provided that: 
13.2.1.1 
such substitution shall only occur pursuant to a reorganisation of or within 
the group of companies consisting of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries; 
13.2.1.2 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Guarantor as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents) and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant 
to which the Substituted Guarantor shall undertake in favour of each 
Securityholder to be bound by these Conditions (as amended in the manner 
provided in paragraph 13.2.2 below) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Guarantor had been named in the 
W&C Securities and the Agency Agreement as the guarantor in respect of 
such W&C Securities in place of the Guarantor (or any previous Substituted 
Guarantor); 
13.2.1.3 
the Guarantor Substitution Documents shall contain a warranty and 
representation by the Substituted Guarantor: 
(1) 
that it has obtained all necessary corporate, governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by it of its obligations under, the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force 
and effect; and

--- Page 399 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
399 
 
 
(2) 
that the obligations assumed by it under the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents are all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms; 
13.2.1.4 
each (if any) stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation 
system which has such W&C Securities listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Guarantor such 
W&C Securities would continue to be listed, quoted and/or traded on such 
stock exchange, competent listing authority and/or quotation system; 
13.2.1.5 
the Guarantor and the Substituted Guarantor, as the case may be, shall have 
delivered to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping or procured the delivery 
to the Principal Agent for its safekeeping of legal opinions addressed to the 
Dealers from: 
(1) 
a reputable firm of lawyers in England and Wales acting for the 
Guarantor, to the effect that the Guarantor Substitution Documents 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor and 
the Substituted Guarantor under English law, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal 
Agent; 
(2) 
a reputable firm of lawyers from the Guarantor's Jurisdiction acting 
for the Guarantor, to the effect that the Guarantor has the capacity 
and authority to enter into the Guarantor Substitution Documents 
under the laws of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction and that the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Guarantor under the laws of the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior 
to the date of substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the 
Guarantor and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the 
specified office of the Principal Agent; and 
(3) 
a legal opinion from a reputable firm of lawyers from the jurisdiction 
of the Substituted Guarantor (the Substituted Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction) acting for the Substituted Guarantor, to the effect that 
the Substituted Guarantor has the capacity and authority to enter into 
the Guarantor Substitution Documents under the laws of the 
Substituted Guarantor's Jurisdiction and, where the Substituted 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction is other than England, that the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Guarantor under the relevant law, such 
opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be 
available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of 
the Principal Agent; and 
13.2.1.6 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the W&C Securities.

--- Page 400 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
400 
 
 
13.2.2 Assumption by Substituted Guarantor 
Upon the execution of the Guarantor Substitution Documents as referred to in 
paragraph 13.2.1 above, the Substituted Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the W&C 
Securities as the guarantor for such W&C Securities in place of the Guarantor (or of any 
previous Substituted Guarantor) and the W&C Securities shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Guarantor Substitution 
Documents shall operate to release the Guarantor as guarantor (or such previous Substituted 
Guarantor) from all of its obligations as guarantor in respect of the W&C Securities. 
13.2.3 Deposit of Guarantor Substitution Documents 
The Guarantor Substitution Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal 
Agent for so long as any W&C Security remains unexercised and for so long as any claim 
made against the Substituted Guarantor by any Securityholder in relation to the W&C 
Securities or the Guarantor Substitution Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents the right of every Securityholder to the production of the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents for the enforcement of any of the W&C Securities or the Guarantor 
Substitution Documents. 
13.2.4 Notice of Substitution 
Not later than 15 days after the execution of the Guarantor Substitution Documents, the 
Substituted Guarantor shall give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 9. 
13.2.5 Substituted Guarantor 
Substituted Guarantor means any company which is either the ultimate parent company of 
the Issuer or a company with the same ultimate parent company as the Issuer, save that in the 
latter case such Substituted Guarantor shall have a credit rating at least equal to that of the 
Guarantor (or the previous Substituted Guarantor) as at the date of substitution. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the W&C Securities by virtue of 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
reason which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
15. 
SEVERABILITY 
Should any of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the W&C Securities, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant and the W&C Securities, are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law.

--- Page 401 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
401 
 
 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
16.2.1 Subject to Condition 16.2.3 below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes arising out of or in connection with the W&C Securities including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the W&C Securities (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
16.2.2 For the purposes of the Condition 16.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
16.2.3 This Condition 16.2.3 is for the benefit of the Securityholders only.  To the extent allowed by 
law, the Securityholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in 
any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
16.3 
Process Agent for the Issuer and the Guarantors 
The Issuer and each Guarantor irrevocably appoints Nomura International plc at its registered office 
at 1 Angel Lane, London EC4R 3AB as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Nomura International plc 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer and each Guarantor agrees that 
failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
17. 
REDENOMINATION 
Redenomination may be specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Exempt W&C Securities.  If redenomination is so specified as applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, on giving prior notice to the Principal Agent, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the New York Security Agent and DTC, as applicable, and at least 30 
days' prior notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9 elect that, with effect from 
the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the W&C Securities shall be 
redenominated in euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
where the Settlement Currency of the W&C Securities is the National Currency Unit of a 
country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, 
such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original 
Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as 
to rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the W&C 
Securities will be made solely in euro as though references in the W&C Securities to the 
Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(b) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of the Conditions are expressed in or, in the 
case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the Original 
Currency) of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of the Conditions shall be 
deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted for or, as the case 
may be into, euro at the Established Rate; and

--- Page 402 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
402 
 
 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, in its sole and 
absolute discretion to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed 
in euro; and/or 
(d) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or the Settlement 
Price and/or (in the case of Warrants) the Exercise Price and/or any other terms of the Conditions 
and/or the Pricing Supplement as the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, may determine to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union on the Multiplier and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price and/or such other 
terms of the Conditions.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of their Affiliates or agents, the 
Calculation Agent nor any Agent shall be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith; 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Date means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 104 of the Treaty; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
National Currency Unit means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined on the 
date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in European Economic and 
Monetary Union; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
18. 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT W&C SECURITIES 
Condition 18.1 below applies to Non-Exempt W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities. 
Condition 18.2 below applies to Non-Exempt W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities. 
Condition 18.3 below applies to Non-Exempt W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Equity Delta One W&C Securities. 
18.1 
FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities 
This Condition 18.1 applies to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Basket 
Knock-Out W&C Securities. The Cash Settlement Amount for FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities 
are calculated by reference to a specified currency or basket of currencies as further described below.

--- Page 403 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
403 
 
 
If the W&C Securities are FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions contained in Annex 3 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented 
in this Condition 18.1. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to FX Basket Knock-Out W&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 18.1 for full information on FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify each Alternate Currency Pair, the 
Consequences of a Disruption Event, each Currency Pair, the Disruption Events, each First Relevant 
Currency, each FX Price Source, the Leverage, the Maximum Days of Disruption, the Notional 
Amount, the Price Materiality Percentage, the Primary Rate, each Second Relevant Currency, the 
Secondary Rate, each Specified Financial Centre, the Knock-Out Level, each Observation Date, the 
Observation Cut-Off Date, the Valuation Date, the Valuation Time, w and X, Y and Z.  
Each FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Security entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, 
upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero) equal to: 
(a) 
if the Continuous Knock-Out Condition has been met, zero; or 
(b) 
if the Continuous Knock-Out Condition has not been met, the Notional Amount per W&C 
Security multiplied by a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Leverage x Max [0, ∑𝑤𝑖 x 𝑋𝑖 – 𝑌𝑖
𝑍𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Specified Currency, will be 
converted into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate. The Cash Settlement Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in 
the relevant Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards, with W&C Securities exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder being 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect 
of such W&C Securities. 
Where: 
 
Alternate Currency Pair means, in respect of a Currency Pair, each currency pair specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Barrier Start Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Continuous Knock Out Condition means at any time on any Observation Date during any Weekly 
Observation Interval falling within the period commencing on and including 7:00 am London time on 
the Barrier Start Date and ending on and including 4:00 pm London time on the Observation Cut-Off 
Date, any Settlement Rate in respect of any Currency Pair is equal to or less than the Knock Out Level 
in respect of such Currency Pair, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Currency Pair means each currency pair specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange between the currency in which the Notional Amount 
is denominated (the Notional Amount Currency) and the Settlement Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the relevant Notional Amount Currency for which one unit of the

--- Page 404 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
404 
 
 
relevant Settlement Currency can be exchanged) or on the basis of such other applicable market 
convention as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
 
First Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Currency Pair or an Alternate Currency Pair, the source 
specified as such for such Currency Pair or Alternate Currency Pair, as applicable, in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
i means each Currency Pair. 
 
Knock Out Level means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the level specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Leverage means an amount which may be greater than or less than 100 per cent., as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Max followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
 
n means the number of Currency Pairs to which the W&C Securities relate. 
 
Observation Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Observation Date means each Observation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or if any 
such date is not an FX Business Day the first FX Business Day thereafter unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is an FX Disrupted Day.  If such day is an FX Disrupted Day, then the 
provisions of FX Linked Condition 3 shall apply. 
 
Reference Exchange Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the spot exchange rate for the First 
Relevant Currency quoted against the Second Relevant Currency expressed as the number of units of 
the First Relevant Currency quoted per one unit of the Second Relevant Currency. 
 
Relevant Currency means each currency comprising a Currency Pair and any references to the 
conversion of one Relevant Currency to another shall be construed as applying in relation to a 
Currency Pair. 
 
Relevant Time means the time at which the relevant Settlement Rate is determined. 
 
Second Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair and an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, 
the Reference Exchange Rate for that Currency Pair on such Observation Date or Valuation Date at 
the Relevant Time or Valuation Time respectively as determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the Settlement Rate Option for that Currency Pair (and such determination may be made, 
without limitation, with such adjustments as are, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, necessary 
to the published quoting conventions and/or implying the Reference Exchange Rate from more than 
one Settlement Rate Option) unless a Disruption Event exists or occurs, in which case, the relevant 
Settlement Rate for that Currency Pair will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
FX Linked Condition 3 for which purposes references therein to "Valuation Date" will, in the case of 
an Observation Date, be deemed to be to "Observation Date" and FX Linked Condition 3 will be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 405 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
405 
 
 
Settlement Rate Option means, in respect of a Currency Pair and an Observation Date or the 
Valuation Date, the rate published for the Currency Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that 
Currency Pair at or about (i) the Relevant Time on such Observation Date or (ii) the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date or, if Alternate Currency Pairs are specified for the relevant Currency Pair, the 
Reference Exchange Rate will be implied from more than one Settlement Rate Option by determining 
the rate for each Alternate Currency Pair for that Currency Pair, published for the Alternate Currency 
Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that Alternate Currency Pair at or about (i) the Relevant 
Time on such Observation Date or (ii) the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date. 
 
Weekly Observation Interval means the period between 5:00 am Sydney time on each Monday and 
5:00 pm New York City time on the immediately succeeding Friday (inclusive). 
 
wi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the weighting of such Currency Pair (being a number less than 
or equal to 1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Currency Pair. 
 
Xi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency Pair, 
or (ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Yi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency Pair, 
or (ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Zi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, is either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency 
Pair, (ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date or (iii) 1, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
18.2 
FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities 
This Condition 18.2 applies to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Basket 
Knock-In W&C Securities. The Cash Settlement Amount for FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities are 
calculated by reference to a specified currency or basket of currencies as further described below. 
If the W&C Securities are FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
contained in Annex 3 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this 
Condition 18.2. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to FX Basket Knock-In W&C 
Securities, including the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount thereof, and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 18.2 for full information on FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities.  In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify each Alternate Currency Pair, the Consequences 
of a Disruption Event, each Currency Pair, the Disruption Events, each First Relevant Currency, each 
FX Price Source, the Leverage, the Maximum Days of Disruption, the Notional Amount, the Price 
Materiality Percentage, the Primary Rate, each Second Relevant Currency, the Secondary Rate, each 
Specified Financial Centre, the Knock In Level, each Observation Date, the Observation Cut-Off Date, 
the Valuation Date, the Valuation Time, w and X, Y and Z.  
Each FX Basket Knock-In W&C Security entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, 
upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero) equal to: 
(a) 
if the Continuous Knock-In Condition has not been met, zero; or

--- Page 406 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
406 
 
 
(b) 
if the Continuous Knock-In Condition has been met, the Notional Amount per W&C Security 
multiplied by an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Leverage x Max [0, ∑𝑤𝑖 x 𝑋𝑖– 𝑌𝑖
𝑍𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Specified Currency, will be 
converted into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate.  The Cash Settlement Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in 
the relevant Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards, with W&C Securities exercised at the same time by the same Securityholder being 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect 
of such W&C Securities. 
Where: 
 
Alternate Currency Pair means, in respect of a Currency Pair, each currency pair specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Continuous Knock In Condition means at any time on any Observation Date during any Weekly 
Observation Interval falling within the period commencing on and including 7:00 am London time on 
the Trade Date and ending on and including 4:00 pm London time on the Observation Cut-Off Date, 
any Settlement Rate in respect of any Currency Pair is equal to or greater than the Knock In Level in 
respect of such Currency Pair, as determined by the Calculation Agent.   
 
Currency Pair means each currency pair specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange between the currency in which the Notional Amount 
is denominated (the Notional Amount Currency) and the Settlement Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the relevant Notional Amount Currency for which one unit of the 
relevant Settlement Currency can be exchanged) or on the basis of such other applicable market 
convention as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
 
First Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Currency Pair or an Alternate Currency Pair, the source 
specified as such for such Currency Pair or Alternate Currency Pair, as applicable, in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
i means each Currency Pair. 
 
Knock In Level means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the level specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Leverage means an amount which may be greater than or less than 100 per cent., as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Max followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
 
n means the number of Currency Pairs to which the W&C Securities relate. 
 
Observation Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 407 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
407 
 
 
 
Observation Date means each Observation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or if any 
such date is not an FX Business Day the first FX Business Day thereafter unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is an FX Disrupted Day.  If such day is an FX Disrupted Day, then the 
provisions of FX Linked Condition 3 shall apply. 
 
Reference Exchange Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the spot exchange rate for the First 
Relevant Currency quoted against the Second Relevant Currency expressed as the number of units of 
the First Relevant Currency quoted per one unit of the Second Relevant Currency. 
 
Relevant Currency means each currency comprising a Currency Pair and any references to the 
conversion of one Relevant Currency to another shall be construed as applying in relation to a 
Currency Pair. 
 
Relevant Time means the time at which the relevant Settlement Rate is determined. 
 
Second Relevant Currency means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the Relevant Currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Rate means, in respect of a Currency Pair and an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, 
the Reference Exchange Rate for that Currency Pair on such Observation Date or Valuation Date at 
the Relevant Time or Valuation Time respectively, as determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the Settlement Rate Option for that Currency Pair (and such determination may be made, 
without limitation, with such adjustments as are, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, necessary 
to the published quoting conventions and/or implying the Reference Exchange Rate from more than 
one Settlement Rate Option) unless a Disruption Event exists or occurs, in which case, the relevant 
Settlement Rate for that Currency Pair will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
FX Linked Condition 3 for which purposes references therein to "Valuation Date" will, in the case of 
an Observation Date, be deemed to be "Observation Date" and FX Linked Condition 3 will be 
construed accordingly.   
 
Settlement Rate Option means, in respect of a Currency Pair and an Observation Date or the 
Valuation Date, the rate published for the Currency Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that 
Currency Pair at or about (i) the Relevant Time on such Observation Date or (ii) the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date or, if Alternate Currency Pairs are specified for the relevant Currency Pair, the 
Reference Exchange Rate will be implied from more than one Settlement Rate Option by determining 
the rate for each Alternate Currency Pair for that Currency Pair, published for the Alternate Currency 
Pair fixing rate on the FX Price Source for that Alternate Currency Pair at or about (i) the Relevant 
Time on such Observation Date or (ii) the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date. 
 
Weekly Observation Interval means the period between 5:00 am Sydney time on each Monday and 
5:00 pm New York City time on the immediately succeeding Friday (inclusive). 
 
wi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, the weighting of such Currency Pair (being a number less than 
or equal to 1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Currency Pair. 
 
Xi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency Pair, 
or (ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Yi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency Pair, 
or (ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 408 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
408 
 
 
Zi means, in respect of a Currency Pair, either (i) the Exercise Price in respect of such Currency Pair, 
(ii) the Settlement Rate in respect of such Currency Pair and the Valuation Date or (iii) 1, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
18.3 
Equity Delta One W&C Securities 
This Condition 18.3 applies to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity Delta 
One W&C Securities.  The Cash Settlement Amount for Equity Delta One W&C Securities are 
calculated by reference to a specified share as further described below. 
If the W&C Securities are Equity Delta One W&C Securities, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
contained in Annex 2 will apply, subject as amended and/or varied and/or supplemented in this 
Condition 18.3. 
The applicable Final Terms also contains provisions applicable to Equity Delta One W&C Securities, 
including the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount thereof, and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 18.3 for full information on Equity Delta One W&C Securities.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Additional Disruption Events, the Disruption Cut-Off Date, 
the Equity Currency, the Exchange(s), Exchange Business Days, the Final Valuation Date, the Related 
Exchange, the Share, Scheduled Trading Days, the Valuation Date and the Valuation Time and 
whether Options Exchange Adjustment and Share Substitution apply.  
(a) 
Each Equity Delta One W&C Security entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, 
upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement 
Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero) equal to: 
[VF x Exchange Rate] – C 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the 
case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in 
the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded upwards, with W&C Securities exercised 
at the same time by the same Securityholder being aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such W&C Securities. 
Where: 
VF means the Final Price. 
C means the Specified Currency equivalent of the Costs as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using such foreign exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate with 
respect to the relevant time(s) the Costs arise or may arise.  
Costs means, in respect of a W&C Security, such W&C Security's pro rata share of the total 
amount of any commissions, costs, expenses, duties, taxes (including but not limited to any 
capital gains tax or withholding tax), levies, registration fees, custodial fees or other charges 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted by the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates and/or any of their respective nominees as a result of, or in connection with, the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of their respective nominees (a) being a direct 
holder of any Hedging Shares and/or selling and/or realising any Hedging Shares and/or (b) 
unwinding any Hedge Position.   
Exchange Rate means (i) the rate of exchange between the Equity Currency and the Specified 
Currency (expressed as a number of units of the Specified Currency for which a unit of the 
Equity Currency can be exchanged) determined at or around the Final Valuation Date which 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole discretion or, (ii) where the Equity 
Currency is the same as the Specified Currency, one.

--- Page 409 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
409 
 
 
Hedge Position means any Product that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of 
their respective nominees (a) enters into as a result of being the direct holder of the Hedging 
Shares and/or selling and/or realising the Hedging Shares, or (b) would have entered into if 
they were to fully hedge the market, equity or other price risk of the Issuer entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the W&C Securities, using such Products as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Product means an exchange traded fund, share, an instrument representing such exchange 
traded fund or share (including, without limitation, participation notes), futures contracts or 
exchange-traded options commonly used to hedge the issuance or sale of a security that is 
linked to the Hedging Shares. 
Valuation Date means the Final Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Cash Dividends 
(i) 
Following the declaration by a Share Issuer of a cash dividend (other than any 
Extraordinary Dividend) (each a Cash Dividend) in respect of which the In-dividend 
Date (as defined below) falls in the period from and including the Trade Date to but 
excluding the originally scheduled Final Valuation Date without regard to any 
Scheduled Trading Day or Disrupted Day adjustment (the Dividend Period), the 
Issuer will pay a Coupon Amount in respect of each Security on the related Coupon 
Payment Date (as defined below).  Each such Coupon Amount will equal the amount 
of such Cash Dividend declared in relation to one Share (less (a) all withholding taxes, 
if any, including, but without limitation, those that would have been withheld in 
relation to the payment of such cash dividend to a foreign investor and (b) any other 
expenses or deductions which would apply to or be made in relation to the payment 
of such cash dividend to a foreign investor all determined in the Equity Currency and 
on a per Share basis, multiplied by the Dividend Exchange Rate as defined below). 
Dividend Exchange Rate means, in relation to a Cash Dividend, (i) the rate of 
exchange between the Equity Currency and the Specified Currency (expressed as a 
number of units of the Specified Currency for which a unit of the Equity Currency 
can be exchanged) at or around the Dividend Receipt Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, (ii) where the Equity Currency is the same as the Specified 
Currency, one. 
Dividend Receipt Date means the date upon which a holder of Shares entitled to the 
relevant Cash Dividend would have received such Cash Dividend according to 
prevailing market practice, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In-dividend Date means, in relation to a Cash Dividend, the final date upon which a 
purchaser of Shares on the Exchange would, according to prevailing market practice, 
be entitled to receive the Cash Dividend. 
(ii) 
Coupon Amounts (if any) will only be payable on the Securities in the circumstances 
set out in paragraph (i) above and subject to the provisions of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) 
and will be deemed only to have accrued on the Securities as of the relevant Coupon 
Payment Date.  No interest will accrue or be payable in any other circumstance. 
(iii) 
In the event any Coupon Payment Date would fall after the Maturity Date the Issuer 
will give notice to the Securityholders of procedures for payment of such Coupon 
Amount(s) which may be made outside of DTC or Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and may require Securityholders as of a record date selected by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion to provide a notice to the Issuer giving all necessary details 
required by the Issuer in its sole discretion to make such payments. 
(iv) 
Following any Cash Dividend declaration, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as is 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances procure that the Issuer will give notice

--- Page 410 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
410 
 
 
to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 stating the 
occurrence of the Cash Dividend, giving details thereof and setting out the method 
and anticipated date of the related Coupon Payment Date provided that any failure to 
give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Coupon 
Amount payment and the Calculation Agent will determine the basis on which the 
Coupon Amount will be paid. 
Coupon Payment Date means the date that is three (3) Business Days following the 
relevant Dividend Receipt Date. 
(c) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Equity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events) will be deemed deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"2. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Following the declaration by a Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and, if so, 
then: 
(i) 
if concentrative, Terms Adjustment (as specified below) will apply, and 
(ii) 
if dilutive, the Calculation Agent will determine in its discretion whether Terms 
Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment (as specified below) applies. 
2.2 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Terms Adjustment applies, then the Calculation 
Agent will make the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to one or more of any variable(s) 
relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the Potential Adjustment Event 
and determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s) (which may include but shall not 
be limited to adjustment(s) to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share). The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in 
respect of the Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange. 
2.3 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Security Distribution Adjustment applies, then 
the Calculation Agent will determine the basis on which additional Securities will be made 
available to Securityholders to account for the diluting effect of the relevant Potential 
Adjustment Event (which may include, without limitation, determining one or more of the 
matters referred to in paragraph 2.5 below).  
2.4 
Following any Terms Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment, the Calculation 
Agent shall as soon as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances give notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 stating details of any 
Terms Adjustment or Security Distribution Adjustment and giving brief details of the 
Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice 
will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
2.5 
A Security Distribution Adjustment may (but is not required to) be made on the basis of one 
or more of the following, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In each case the 
Security Distribution Adjustment may be made on different terms and different dates than 
the relevant event to which the Potential Adjustment Event relates:

--- Page 411 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
411 
 
 
(i) 
the date (the Record Date) upon which each Securityholder will become entitled to 
additional Securities and the date (the Distribution Settlement Date) on or prior to 
which delivery of any additional Securities and any related cash amounts (whether 
payable by Securityholders or the Issuer) are to be effected; 
(ii) 
the aggregate number of additional Securities to be delivered to the relevant Clearing 
Systems or otherwise made available for the account of Securityholders; 
(iii) arrangements for payment by Securityholders or deduction by the Issuer of any 
amounts on account of taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, as may be relevant, arising 
in connection with the delivery of such additional Securities (which may include the 
Issuer reducing the number of additional Securities to be delivered and/or requiring 
such amounts to be paid by Securityholders as a precondition to receiving additional 
Securities); 
(iv) whether entitlement to additional Securities is to be made on the basis of the aggregate 
number of Securities held by a Securityholder or on a per Security basis and whether, 
in respect of any holding(s) of Securities by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, any 
such party(ies) is to waive its entitlement to receive any additional Securities in 
respect of any such holding(s); and 
(v) 
whether, in order to reflect the relevant Potential Adjustment Event and any terms to 
which holders of the Shares are subject, Securityholders will be required to pay any 
subscription price or other amount in order to obtain the additional Securities and/or 
the time period during which the offer of additional Securities will remain open. 
2.6 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Security Distribution Adjustment applies, the Issuer may rely 
on W&C Securities Condition 11 for the purposes of issuing additional Securities for 
delivery."

--- Page 412 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
412 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of W&C Securities for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit.  This shall include the general corporate purposes of NHI and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the Nomura Group), as further described in the Description of the Guarantor section 
below.  A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of W&C Securities may be used to hedge market 
risk with respect to such W&C Securities.  If in respect of any particular issue of W&C Securities, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 413 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
413 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days ...................................................................................................... 414 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index .................................................................................................................... 417 
3. 
Correction to an Index ....................................................................................................................... 419 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events ............................................................................................................ 420 
5. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 420 
6. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions ...................................................................................................... 427 
7. 
Autocall Provisions ........................................................................................................................... 429 
8. 
Trigger Event Provisions ................................................................................................................... 430 
9. 
Mandatory Early Termination ........................................................................................................... 431 
10. 
FX Disruption .................................................................................................................................... 432 
11. 
Index Disclaimer ............................................................................................................................... 433 
12. 
Futures Price Valuation ..................................................................................................................... 434

--- Page 414 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
414 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Index Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
 
Index Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Index Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Index Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Index Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Securities set out below (the Index Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and 
conditions applicable to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Linked W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the Index Linked Conditions, in each case, together with the Additional Terms and Conditions contained 
in any of the other Annexes to the Terms and Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to the Securities and subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, supplement or amendment in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Index Linked N&C Securities which are Exempt N&C Securities 
or Index Linked W&C Securities which are Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable and (ii) the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the case of Index Linked N&C Securities which are 
not Exempt N&C Securities or Index Linked W&C Securities which are not Exempt W&C Securities, in the 
event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as 
applicable, and (ii) the Index Linked Conditions, the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities 
Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities 
Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Index Linked Conditions to "Security" and 
"Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" 
and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If, in respect of any Index, the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
1.1 
Single Index Valuation Dates: 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to such Index, provided that 
(A) such day shall not be later than the Disruption Cut-Off Date, notwithstanding that such day may 
be a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index and (B) in this case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price or such other level or value as the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off 
Date of each relevant Component Asset (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred or 
is continuing in respect of the relevant Component Asset on the Disruption Cut-Off Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Asset as of the Valuation Time on the 
Disruption Cut-Off Date).

--- Page 415 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
415 
 
 
1.2 
Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates: 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, the Valuation 
Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the scheduled Valuation 
Date and the Valuation Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (for the 
purposes of this Index Linked Condition 1.2, each an Affected Index) shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index, provided that (A) 
such day shall not be later than the Disruption Cut-Off Date, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index and (B) in this case the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of the Affected Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price or such other level 
or value as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate as of the Valuation Time on the 
Disruption Cut-Off Date of each relevant Component Asset (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred or is continuing in respect of the relevant Component Asset on the Disruption Cut-
Off Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Asset as of the Valuation 
Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date). 
1.3 
Single Index/Index Basket/Mixed Basket Averaging Dates: 
where the Securities are related to a single Index or are related to an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket 
and "Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" or "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index, and in the relevant Final Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(a) 
Omission, 
then such date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant level or value provided that, if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1.1 above 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days – Single Index Valuation Dates) or Index Linked Condition 
1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) as 
applicable will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level or value on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
Postponement, 
then the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1.1 above (Consequences of Disrupted Days – 
Single Index Valuation Dates) or Index Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days - Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level or value on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed 
to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
Modified Postponement, 
then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date, then 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether the Disruption Cut-Off Date is already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date), and

--- Page 416 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
416 
 
 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level or value of the Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in accordance with Index Linked Condition 1.1 above 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days – Single Index Valuation Dates) or Condition 1.2 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days – Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) above as 
applicable and such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant 
level or value for such Index in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date in respect of Indices to which 
this Index Linked Condition 1.3 relates is a Disrupted Date and, if in the Final Terms no 
consequence is specified, then "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.4 
Index Basket/Mixed Basket Averaging Dates: 
Where the Securities are related to an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket and "Scheduled Trading Date 
(All Indices Basis)" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, and in the relevant Final Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(a) 
Omission, 
then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date, provided that, if through 
the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Date, then 
(i) 
the sole Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated final Averaging Date 
(the Scheduled Final Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the sole Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected Index) shall be the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Index unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date which (but for the occurrence of the Disrupted 
Day) would have been the Averaging Date, until and including the Disruption Cut-Off Date, 
is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index. In that case, 
(A) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the sole Averaging Date 
in respect of the Affected Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the 
Affected Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in 
accordance with Index Linked Condition 1.2 above (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days – Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates) above and 
such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the 
relevant level or value for such Index in respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b) 
Postponement, then the Averaging Date for each Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) 
that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to any Affected Index (irrespective of whether, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date) unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, until and 
including the Disruption Cut-Off Date, is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index (for the purposes of 
this Index Linked Condition 1.4(b), each an Affected Index).  In that case:

--- Page 417 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
417 
 
 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be such Averaging Date in 
respect of each Index (irrespective of whether the Disruption Cut-Off Date is 
already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of each 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date which in the 
case of an Affected Index will be determined in accordance with Index Linked 
Condition 1.2 above (Consequences of Disrupted Days – Index Basket/Mixed 
Basket Valuation Dates) above and such determination by the Calculation 
Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant level or value for such Index in 
respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
Modified Postponement, then 
(A) 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated 
Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date); and 
(B) 
the Averaging Date for each Index which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected Index) shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to the Affected Index. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in respect of the Affected Index has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Disruption Cut-Off Date, then: 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in 
respect of the Affected Index (irrespective of whether the Disruption Cut-Off 
Date is already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the 
Affected Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in 
accordance with Index Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days – Index Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates) above and such 
determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant 
level in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and, 
if in the Final Terms no consequence is specified, then "Modified Postponement" will 
apply. 
1.5 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, of the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day on any day on which any Index valuation or obligation is scheduled to occur, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such 
Disrupted Day. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula

--- Page 418 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
418 
 
 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the 
Successor Index) will be deemed to be the relevant Index. 
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines appropriate, if any, to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Securities to account for that Successor Index. 
(b) 
Index Adjustment Event 
If (i) on or prior to any date on which any Index valuation or obligation is scheduled to occur, a relevant 
Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the relevant Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an Index Modification) or 
permanently cancels the relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an Index Cancellation), (ii) 
on any relevant date on which any Index valuation or observation is scheduled to occur, an Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the relevant Index (an Index Disruption (provided that the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day) or (iii) at any time an Index Restriction Event occurs, then the Issuer may take the 
action described in (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) below as it determines appropriate: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so, require the Calculation Agent to determine any relevant 
adjustment to be made to the Conditions to account for the relevant Index Adjustment Event, 
which may include, without limitation, (i) delaying any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
any other date for Index valuation or observation until the relevant Index Adjustment Event 
no longer exists or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket, removing the affected 
Index from the Index Basket or Mixed Basket and making such adjustment to the Securities 
as it determines appropriate (which may, without limitation, include adjusting any value or 
weighting of the remaining Indices) in order to account for the level or value of the affected 
Index at the time of its removal as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements (this may mean that the economic benefit of the 
Securities for the Holder is reduced or that the removal of the Index has a material adverse 
effect on the Securities); 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to replace any Index that is affected by an Index Adjustment 
Event with one or more successor indices (in each case any such replacement being a 
Replacement Index) (and as appropriate replace the Index Sponsor with the index sponsor in 
respect of the Replacement Index and make such adjustments to any other Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent considers relevant to account for such replacement in accordance with 
Index Linked Condition 2(c) below), whereupon the Replacement Index(ices) will be deemed 
to be the successor(s) to the relevant Index and will take effect from the date of such 
replacement, provided however that the selection of a Replacement Index will be made by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Index Replacement Criteria. Thereafter, all 
references to the relevant Index or Index Sponsor (as applicable) shall be deemed to be 
references to such relevant replacements; 
(C) 
other than following the occurrence of an Index Restriction Event, require the Calculation 
Agent to determine the relevant level or value for the Index using, in lieu of a published level 
or value for the relevant Index, the level or value for that Index as at the relevant time as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the relevant Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those securities (or assets or other reference bases or Index components) that 
comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event.  Notwithstanding the

--- Page 419 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
419 
 
 
foregoing, the Issuer will not require the Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant level for 
an Index in accordance with this paragraph (C) on more than one consecutive Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or other relevant date for valuation or observation of the Index.  If, following 
the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent has already calculated 
the relevant level for an Index as described in this paragraph (C) on any Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or other relevant date for valuation or observation of the Index, on or prior to 
the next date on which the Index falls to be valued thereafter, if the relevant Index Adjustment 
Event is continuing the Issuer may take any of the actions described in paragraphs (A) or (B) 
above or paragraphs (D) or (E) below; 
(D) 
in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, and in respect of all but not some only of 
the Securities outstanding, redeem or cancel, as applicable, such portion (the Relevant 
Portion) of the nominal amount or amount of each Security then outstanding as corresponds 
to the then value or level of the Index or Indices that is or are affected by an Index Adjustment 
Event as a proportion of the total value or level of the Basket (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent), in each case by payment of an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Relevant Portion and (ii) the Early Redemption Amount or Early Cancellation Amount, as 
applicable, which the Calculation Agent determines would then apply (determined as if (E) 
below applied). Payment of any amounts in respect of such partial redemption or cancellation, 
as applicable, will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, this provision (D) may apply to the Securities on more than 
one occasion and the remaining portion of the Securities shall in each case thereafter remain 
outstanding and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions as it 
determines appropriate to reflect such partial redemption or cancellation; or 
(E) 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel all, but not some only, of the 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount and each 
W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in respect of such 
early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to Securityholders. 
(c) 
Valuation of Replacement Indices 
For the purposes of any adjustments to account for a replacement as referred to in Index Linked 
Condition 2(b)(B) above, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the Strike Level or such values, levels, 
variables or terms for the valuation or observation of the Replacement Index in the terms of the 
Securities in order to account for the price or value of the affected Index at the time of its replacement 
as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements. 
This may mean that the economic benefit, if any, of the replacement for the Holder is reduced or that 
the replacement has a material adverse effect on the Securities.  For example, and without limitation, 
the relevant level or value of the Replacement Index may be adjusted by the same proportion as any 
fall in value of the affected Index at the time of the replacement relative to the Trade Date and may be 
further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated 
hedging arrangements. 
3. 
Correction to an Index 
If the level or value of an Index published on any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or any other date 
for Index valuation or observation, as the case may be, by the Index Sponsor and which is utilised for 
any calculation or determination made for the purposes of the Securities (a Relevant Calculation) is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Index Level) published by the Index 
Sponsor no later than two Business Days prior to the date of payment or delivery of any amount 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Calculation then the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be

--- Page 420 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
420 
 
 
required to, treat such Corrected Index Level as the relevant level or value for such index on such 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date, as the case may be, and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining the Relevant Calculation. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
In the event that an Additional Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, then 
the Calculation Agent shall either (a) (i) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (b) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer thereof in which event the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel all but not some only of the Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by notice given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in 
respect of such early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to 
Securityholders. 
5. 
Definitions 
As used herein: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day then the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
shall apply. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an Index or (ii) it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Index Linked Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
Affiliates). 
Closing Level means, in relation to an Index and any Scheduled Trading Day, the closing level of 
such Index, as calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation Time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Component Asset means, in relation to an Index, any security or other property or reference basis 
which comprises such Index. 
Disrupted Day means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index or Proprietary Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, (b) with 
respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails 
to publish the level of the Index; (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular

--- Page 421 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
421 
 
 
trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred and (c) for any Proprietary Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred (provided that the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of 
an Index Disruption). 
Disruption Cut-Off Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms as either (i) the date falling 
a number of Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, after the relevant originally 
scheduled Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or other similar date on which any 
observation or valuation is required to be made in respect of the Securities or (ii) the date falling a 
number of Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, prior to the next succeeding day 
on which any payment or delivery is to be made under the Securities which is determined in whole or 
in part by reference to the valuation or observation of the relevant Index(ices) which is affected by 
occurrence of the relevant Disrupted Day(s). 
Early Closure means in respect of an Index the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (A)(a) in 
relation to an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index, any relevant Exchange relating to securities 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, and (b) with respect to any Multi-
exchange Index, the Exchange in respect of any Component Asset of such Index or (B) any Related 
Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange means (i) in relation to an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index or a Proprietary Index, 
each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in the securities or other property comprised in such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
securities or other property comprised in such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange), and (ii) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, and 
in respect of each Component Asset, the principal stock exchange on which such Component Asset is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, (a) Exchange Business Day (All 
Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) shall 
apply. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of any Index other than a Multi-exchange Index, 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s) in respect of all Indices comprised in the Index Basket or Mixed Basket, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time and (ii) in respect of any Multi-exchange Index, (a) each Index Sponsor publishes the level of 
the relevant Multi-exchange Index and (b) each Related Exchange, if any, is open for trading during 
its regular trading session in respect of all Multi-exchange Indices comprised in the Index Basket or 
Mixed Basket, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time.

--- Page 422 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
422 
 
 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index, 
the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for 
trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Multi-exchange Index, 
(a) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-exchange Index and (b) the Related 
Exchange, if any, is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such 
Multi-exchange Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index, the Exchange and the Related Exchange(s), if 
any, are open for trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect 
of a Multi-exchange Index (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-exchange Index 
and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is open for trading during its regular trading session in 
respect of such Multi-exchange Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: 
(a) 
(i) in relation to an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index on any relevant Exchange, 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (ii) with 
respect to any Multi-exchange Index any Component Asset of such Index on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Asset; or 
(b) 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
Final Level means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as referred 
to in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Level of the Index on 
the Final Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Levels of the Index on each Averaging 
Date which if so specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging Dates in relation 
to a specific level or value; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket and in 
respect of each Index comprising the basket, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Level of such Index on the Final Valuation Date 
or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Levels of such Index on each Averaging Date which if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging Dates in relation to a specific 
level or value and, in the case of (A) or (B), multiplied by the relevant Weighting (if any). 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or

--- Page 423 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
423 
 
 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk (or 
any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover, receive, repatriate, 
remit or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents acting on its 
behalf would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
Index and Indices mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions, the 
index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms, and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Index Adjustment Event means any Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption or 
Index Restriction Event. 
Index Basket means the basket of Indices described in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof. 
Index Business Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, each day in respect of which the relevant 
Index Sponsor is scheduled to calculate and publish the relevant level or value of the Proprietary Index. 
Index Level means at any time, the level of the Index as published by the Index Sponsor on the 
relevant Bloomberg or Reuters page (as applicable) or if such page is not available any successor page 
or alternative source as determined by the Calculation Agent from time to time. 
Index Replacement Criteria means either (i) in the case of Exempt Securities only, the Index 
Replacement Criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or (ii) in the case of Non-Exempt 
Securities or any Exempt Securities for which no Index Replacement Criteria are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the requirement that the Calculation Agent will use its reasonable 
endeavours to ensure that, as far as reasonably practical, each Replacement Index shall (a) be 
representative of substantially the same asset class(es) as the affected Index and (b) where such asset 
class is equities, relate to underlying equity securities which are (i) from substantially the same 
region(s) or sector(s) (depending on whether the affected Index is a regional or sectorial index, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) and (ii) (A) where all the equity securities underlying the 
affected Index are quoted on a non-European exchange or quotation system, quoted on an exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) in the same region(s) as the equity securities underlying the affected Index, or 
(B) where all the equity securities underlying the affected Index are quoted on a European exchange 
or quotation system, quoted on an exchange(s) or quotation system(s) in any European states(s), and 
in each case where such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) have similar liquidity to the exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) on which the equity securities underlying the affected Index are quoted, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case at the time of replacement. 
Index Restriction Event means the occurrence of circumstances in which (i) the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person using an Index or a combination of Indices in connection with 
the Securities is prevented from using or (ii) it is not commercially reasonable for any such entity to 
continue the use of such Index or combination of Indices, in each case as a result of: 
(a) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or

--- Page 424 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
424 
 
 
(b) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any 
such other person is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations 
in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed 
or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
Index Sponsor means each index sponsor specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day the provisions of 
Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Market Disruption Event means in relation to Securities relating to a single Index or a Mixed Basket 
either: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index which is not a Multi-exchange Index or a Proprietary Index: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption; or 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time; or 
(ii) 
an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index 
exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Asset at 
any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Asset to the level of 
the Index shall be based on a comparison of (1) the portion of the level of the Index attributable 
to that Component Asset and (2) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
with respect to any Multi-exchange Index either: 
(i) 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Asset, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Asset is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Asset is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure; and

--- Page 425 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
425 
 
 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Component Assets in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an 
Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Asset at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Asset at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Asset to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of 
the Index attributable to that Component Asset to (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the 
market "opening data"; or 
(c) 
with respect to any Proprietary Index, the failure by the Index Sponsor to calculate and publish 
the relevant level or value of the Index on any Scheduled Trading Day or in respect of such 
Scheduled Trading Day within the scheduled timeframe for publication. 
Mixed Basket means the basket of one or more Indices and any other asset described in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Multi-exchange Index means any Index in respect of which "Multi-exchange" is specified as the 
relevant Exchange in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
shall apply as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Proprietary Index means an index described as such in the applicable Final Terms and which may, 
without limitation, be sponsored and/or calculated by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates. 
Related Exchange means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); provided 
that (i) where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in respect of an Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures 
or options contacts relating to such Index or (ii) where "Hedging Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in respect of an Index in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each 
exchange or quotation system for futures or options contracts relating to such Index which (in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent) is material in the context of any hedging arrangements entered 
into by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party in relation to the Securities.

--- Page 426 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
426 
 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (1) other than in the case of a Proprietary Index, either (i) in the case 
of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket 
or a Mixed Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of an 
Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) shall apply, or (2) in the case of a Proprietary Index, an 
Index Business Day. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means in respect of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket, 
any day on which (i) in respect of any Indices other than Multi-exchange Indices, each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s) in respect of all Indices comprised in the Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, as 
applicable, and (ii) in respect of any Multi-exchange Index, (a) each Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Multi-exchange Index and (b) each Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of all Multi-exchange Indices 
comprised in the Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, as applicable.  
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any day on which (i) in respect of an Index other than a Multi-exchange Index, the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of a Multi-exchange Index, (a) the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-exchange Index and (b) the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session 
in respect of such Multi-exchange Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means any day on which (i) in respect of an Index 
other than a Multi-exchange Index, the Exchange and Related Exchange(s), if any, are scheduled to 
be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of a 
Multi-exchange Index (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-exchange 
Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading session in respect of such Multi-exchange Index. 
Strike Level means, in relation to an Index, the Closing Level of such Index on the Initial Valuation 
Date. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (A) with respect to any 
Index that is not a Multi-exchange Index, (i) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the relevant Index on any relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange or (B) with respect to any Multi-
exchange Index, (i) relating to any Component Asset on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Asset; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (including the Initial 
Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date), or if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the

--- Page 427 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
427 
 
 
next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Valuation Time means: 
(a) 
with respect to any Index that is not a Multi-exchange Index or a Proprietary Index, the official 
close of trading on the relevant Exchange; 
(b) 
with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred, (i) in respect of any Component Asset, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Asset provided that, if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall 
be such actual closing time and (ii) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
the Index, the close on trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, 
the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor; and 
(c) 
with respect to any Proprietary Index, the time at which the Index Sponsor calculates and 
publishes the official closing level of the Index. 
Weighting means, in respect of each Index in an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, the weighting of 
such Index in the Index Basket or Mixed Basket (as applicable) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
6. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions 
6.1 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
If a "Knock-In Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery obligations 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-In Event shall be as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If a "Knock-Out Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery obligations 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-Out Event shall be as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Disrupted Days 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is a single time on each relevant day and any Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of Exempt Securities only), (A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out Determination Day 
consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day 
shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has 
occurred; Provided That if the Knock-In Period Ending Date or the Knock-Out Period Ending Date is 
a Disrupted Day and no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In 
Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination Period, the Knock-In Period Ending Date or 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date, as applicable, shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the 
provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of 
such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes 
in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in 
respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining 
whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out

--- Page 428 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
428 
 
 
Determination Day consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in the applicable 
Final Terms, such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index 
Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance 
with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final 
Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at 
which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event 
or Knock-Out Event shall occur. 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is other than a single time on each relevant day and if on any Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day as of any Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time a 
Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted 
Day have been satisfied at such time then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Omission 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Valuation Time shall be ignored for purposes of determining 
whether a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has occurred Provided That if no Knock-In Event or 
Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination 
Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Knock-In Valuation 
Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending Date or Knock-Out Period Ending 
Date, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index 
Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance 
with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall 
occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as 
Materiality in the applicable Final Terms, then (i) where the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is not material for the purposes of 
determining the Index Level as of such time, the Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event, as applicable, 
shall occur notwithstanding such event or occurrence, or (ii) where the Calculation Agent determines 
that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is material for the purposes of 
determining the Index Level as of such time, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred at such time Provided That if no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event 
has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination Period and the 
conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Knock-In Valuation Time or 
Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending Date or Knock-Out Period Ending Date, 
then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked 
Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance with such 
provisions for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall occur. 
6.3 
Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only): 
Knock-In Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Determination Period. 
Knock-In Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-In Period Ending Date. 
Knock-In Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 429 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
429 
 
 
Knock-In Level means (i) in the case of a single Index, the level or value of the Index specified and 
(ii) in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, the level or value in each case specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-In Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-In Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-In Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-In Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
Knock-Out Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period. 
Knock-Out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
Out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-Out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-Out Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Level means (i) in the case of a single Index the level or value of the Index specified and 
(ii) in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, the level or value, in each case specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-Out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
7. 
Autocall Provisions 
7.1 
Autocall Event 
If "Autocall Provisions" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or 
delivery obligations under the Securities relating to the occurrence of an Autocall Event shall be as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Disrupted Days 
If any Autocall Observation Date is a Disrupted Day then the applicable provisions for such event 
shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.3 
Definitions 
Adjusted Strike Level means, in relation to an Index, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant 
Strike Level Adjustment Percentage and (ii) the Strike Level of such Index. 
Autocall Event has the meaning set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 430 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
430 
 
 
Autocall Observation Date has the meaning set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Barrier Level means, in relation to an Index, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant Barrier 
Percentage and (ii) the Strike Level of such Index. 
Barrier Percentage means, in relation to an Index, the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Strike Level Adjustment Percentage means, in relation to an Index, the percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Trigger Event Provisions 
8.1 
Trigger Event 
If "Trigger Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery 
provisions under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall be as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Disrupted Days 
If Trigger Event (Closing Observation) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
any Trigger Event Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities), (A) if "Trigger Event Observation Date 
consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day 
shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event has occurred; Provided That if 
the final day of any Trigger Event Observation Period is a Disrupted Day and no Trigger Event has 
occurred in such Trigger Event Observation Period, such final day of such Trigger Event Observation 
Period shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked 
Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance with such 
provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms in 
the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any 
subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, 
or (B) if "Trigger Event Observation Date consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as 
Postponement in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which 
the provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect 
of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes 
in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in 
respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining 
whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
If Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
if on any Trigger Event Observation Date as of any Trigger Event Valuation Time a Trigger Event has 
or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted Day have been satisfied at such time then, 
unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), (A) 
if "Trigger Event intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Omission in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Valuation Time shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a 
Trigger Event has occurred Provided That if no Trigger Event has occurred in the Trigger Event 
Observation Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Trigger 
Event Valuation Time on the final day of such Trigger Event Observation Period, then such day shall 
be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level 
or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions for

--- Page 431 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
431 
 
 
purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, or (B) if "Trigger Event intraday 
valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Materiality in the applicable Final Terms, then 
(i) where the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such 
Disrupted Day is not material for purposes of determining the Index Level as of such time, the Trigger 
Event shall occur notwithstanding such event or occurrence, or (ii) where the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is material for the 
purposes of determining the Index Level as of such time, then the Trigger Event shall be deemed not 
to have occurred at such time Provided That if no Trigger Event has occurred in a Trigger Event 
Observation Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Trigger 
Event Valuation Time on the final day of such Trigger Event Observation Period, then such day shall 
be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level 
or value of the relevant Index(ices) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions for 
purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
8.3 
Definitions 
Trigger Event means a Trigger Event (Closing Observation), a Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) 
or such other event as specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only). 
Trigger Event (Closing Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that on any 
Trigger Event Observation Date the Closing Level of any Index as calculated and announced by the 
Index Sponsor at the Trigger Event Valuation Time is less than or equal to the relevant Trigger Level 
for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Trigger Event Date means a date on which a Trigger Event has occurred as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that at any 
time during the regular trading session hours on any Trigger Event Observation Date the level or value 
of any Index is less than or equal to the relevant Trigger Level for such Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Trigger Event Observation Date means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Trigger Event 
Observation Period. 
Trigger Event Observation Period means the period from and including the Initial Valuation Date 
to and including the Final Valuation Date. 
Trigger Event Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Trigger Event Observation 
Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Index Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
Trigger Level means, in relation to an Index, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant Trigger 
Percentage and (ii) the Strike Level of such Index. 
Trigger Percentage means, in relation to an Index, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
9. 
Mandatory Early Termination 
Unless the Securities have been previously redeemed, exercised, terminated or cancelled, if on any 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, then the 
Securities will be automatically redeemed or cancelled, as applicable, in whole, but not in part, on the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date immediately following such Mandatory Early Termination

--- Page 432 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
432 
 
 
Valuation Date and the redemption or cancellation amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption or cancellation of each Security shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the 
relevant Mandatory Early Termination Amount. 
As used herein: 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), in respect of a Mandatory Early Termination Date, an 
amount equal to the product of (i) the Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount and (ii) the 
relevant Mandatory Early Termination Rate relating to that Mandatory Early Termination Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Event means (each of) the events specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Level means the level or value per Index specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Rate means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Termination Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of 
Exempt Securities only), the corresponding provisions in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) shall apply on the basis such Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Time means in respect of any Index the time on any 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and such time 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Time for the purposes of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days). 
10. 
FX Disruption 
10.1 
In the event that the Index Currency of the Index or, in the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any of the Indices within the Basket (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) is not the same as the 
Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency, as applicable, of the Securities, then following: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any event that: 
(i) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
converting one or more Index Currencies into the Specified Currency or the Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, (i) through customary legal channels or (ii) at a rate that is at least as 
favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in the relevant Index Currency 
Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
delivering the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency, as applicable, and/or an Index

--- Page 433 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
433 
 
 
Currency from accounts inside the relevant Index Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
such Index Currency Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
renders the Issuer or any of its Affiliates unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign exchange risk incurred by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in respect of the relevant Index Currency(ies) or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
the government or other relevant authority with jurisdiction in a relevant Index Currency Jurisdiction 
giving public notice of its intention to impose any capital controls which the Calculation Agent 
determines are likely (i) to have a material affect on the ability of any of the Issuer or its Affiliates to 
hedge its foreign exchange risk in respect of the relevant Index Currency(ies) or unwind any such 
hedging transaction or (ii) to reduce the value of any such hedging transaction, 
the Issuer may take the action described in (A) or (B) below as it deems appropriate: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine an exchange rate (or alternative method for 
determining the exchange rate) for conversion of the relevant Index Currency(ies) into the 
Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, taking into consideration all 
available information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(B) 
postpone the date of any relevant valuation, observation and/or payment date in respect of the 
Securities for so long as, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the events described 
in (a) or (b) above have occurred or are continuing. 
10.2 
In the event that the Index Currency in respect of an Index ceases to be the currency most closely 
associated with such Index (in the determination of the Calculation Agent), the Issuer may determine 
the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of the Conditions to account for 
such circumstance and determine the effective date of such adjustment(s). Details of any such 
adjustment(s) shall be notified to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, provided that any failure by the Issuer to provide such 
notice shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment(s). 
As used in this Index Linked Condition 10, Index Currency Jurisdiction means any jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Index Currency is the lawful currency selected by the Calculation Agent. 
11. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index 
Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making 
any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Index Linked Securities. The Issuer shall have no liability to 
the Securityholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their Affiliates has 
any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently 
verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) 
is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), their Affiliates

--- Page 434 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
434 
 
 
or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning 
the Index. 
12. 
Futures Price Valuation 
12.1 
Where Futures Price Valuation is specified to apply in relation to an Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, for the purposes of such Index the following amendments shall apply to these Index Linked 
Conditions: 
Closing Level shall be deemed to mean, in relation to the relevant Index and any Scheduled Trading 
Day, the Official Settlement Price on such day. 
For the purposes of determining any Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation applies in 
relation to any Index or (in the case of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket) any constituent Index, any 
reference to such Index or constituent Index in the definition of Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index 
Basis), Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis), or Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), as 
applicable, will be deemed not to apply and instead (as well as fulfilling the relevant requirements of 
the relevant definition in relation to each other constituent Index (if any)), a Scheduled Trading Day 
must be a day on which the Official Settlement Price is published by the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
(i) 
in relation to each such Index to which Futures Price Valuation applies; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of determining a Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) in relation to any 
such Index or constituent Index, in relation to such Index or constituent Index, as applicable. 
The provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) will not apply in 
relation to any Index or (in the case of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket) constituent Index in respect 
of which Futures Price Valuation applies (although such provisions will continue to apply to any other 
constituent Index and, in the case of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket, a Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date or any other date for valuation or observation will be determined accordingly), unless there is a 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of the Exchange-traded Contract, in which case the 
provisions of Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) will continue to apply to 
the relevant Index or constituent Index. 
For these purposes: 
Exchange-traded Contract in relation to an Index means a futures or options contract specified as 
such for the Index in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Index 
to which it relates, (b) the delivery month of such contract and (c) the Futures or Options Exchange 
on which it is traded. 
Futures or Options Exchange means, in respect of an Index, the relevant exchange specified in the 
description of the Exchange-traded Contract for such Index in the applicable Final Terms or any 
successor thereto acceptable to the Calculation Agent.  
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of the Exchange-traded Contract means there is no 
Official Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never 
commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to a Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date or other date for Index valuation or observation, as the case may be. 
Official Settlement Price means the official settlement price (however described under the rules of 
the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded 
Contract published by the Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 435 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
435 
 
 
12.2 
Adjustments to the Exchange-traded Contract 
Without duplication of Index Linked Condition 2 (which shall govern in the event of a conflict), in the 
event that the terms of the Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall, if necessary, adjust one or more of the Strike Level, 
the Knock-In Price, the Knock-Out Price and/or any other variable relevant to the Securities to account 
for such change or modification, including for the cost of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements (this may mean that the economic benefit of the Securities for 
the Holder is reduced or that the adjustment has a material adverse effect on the Securities). 
12.3 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of the Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of the Exchange-traded Contract, the 
Official Settlement Price for any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant date for Index 
valuation or observation, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the level of the relevant Index at 
the close of the regular trading session on the relevant Exchange (as defined in Index Linked Condition 
5) or, in the case of a Multi-exchange Index, the time at which the official closing level of the Index 
is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or other relevant date. 
12.4 
Correction of the Official Settlement Price 
If the Official Settlement Price for any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or any other date for Index 
valuation or observation, as the case may be, (an Exchange-traded Contract Relevant Calculation) 
is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Official Settlement Price) is published 
by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange no later than two Business Days prior to the date of 
payment or delivery of any amount calculated by reference to the Exchange-traded Contract Relevant 
Calculation then the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be required to, treat such Corrected Official 
Settlement Price as the relevant level or value for such index on such Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or other relevant date, as the case may be, and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Official 
Settlement Price in determining the Relevant Calculation.

--- Page 436 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
436 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days ...................................................................................................... 437 
2. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events ................................................................................. 440 
3. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events ............................................................................................. 441 
4. 
Correction of Share prices ................................................................................................................. 443 
5. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ................................................................................ 443 
6. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 443 
7. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions ...................................................................................................... 450 
8. 
Trigger Event Provisions ................................................................................................................... 452 
9. 
Autocall Provisions ........................................................................................................................... 454 
10. 
Mandatory Early Termination ........................................................................................................... 454 
11. 
FX Disruption .................................................................................................................................... 455 
12. 
GDR/ADR Linked Securities ............................................................................................................ 456 
13. 
General Provisions in respect of GDR/ADR Linked Securities ........................................................ 456 
14. 
Share Event in respect of GDR/ADR Linked Securities ................................................................... 457 
15. 
Additional Potential Adjustment Events and Amended Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events
 ........................................................................................................................................................... 457 
16. 
Amended Definition of De-listing and Consequences of Extraordinary Events ............................... 458 
17. 
Provisions relating to Exchangeable Equity Linked N&C Securities ............................................... 458 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount and Exchange Events ............................................................................. 459 
19. 
Determination of Entitlement ............................................................................................................ 459

--- Page 437 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
437 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Equity Basket Conditional Interest N&C Securities 
 
Equity Basket Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Equity Basket Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Equity Basket Bonus Barrier Knock-In N&C Securities 
 
Equity Basket Autocall N&C Securities 
 
Equity Delta One Redemption N&C Securities 
 
Equity Delta One W&C Securities 
No Equity Linked W&C Securities that would be subject to Article 17 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No. 2019/980) may be issued under the Programme unless those 
Equity Linked W&C Securities are Exempt Securities. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and 
Conditions for Equity Linked Securities set out below (the Equity Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and 
conditions applicable to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Equity Linked W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the Equity Linked Conditions, in each case together with the Additional Terms and Conditions contained 
in any of the other Annexes to the Terms and Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to the Securities and subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, supplement or amendment in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of Equity Linked N&C Securities which are Exempt N&C 
Securities or Equity Linked W&C Securities which are Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, 
and (ii) the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the case of Equity Linked 
N&C Securities which are not Exempt N&C Securities or Equity Linked W&C Securities which are not Exempt 
W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C 
Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Equity Linked Conditions, the N&C Securities Conditions or 
the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions and (ii) the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Equity Linked Conditions 
to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" or 
"W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If, in respect of any Share, the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
1.1 
Single Share Valuation Dates: 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to such Share, provided that 
(A) such day shall not be later than the Disruption Cut-off Date, notwithstanding that such day may 
be a Disrupted Day in respect of such Shares and (B) in this case the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its good faith estimate of the value for such Shares that would have prevailed but for that Disrupted 
Day as of the Valuation Time on that Disruption Cut-off Date;

--- Page 438 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
438 
 
 
1.2 
Share Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates: 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, the Valuation 
Date for the Shares of each Share Issuer not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the scheduled Valuation Date and the Valuation Date for the Shares of each Share Issuer affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (for the purposes of this Equity Linked Condition 1.2, each an 
Affected Share) shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Share, provided that (A) such day shall not be later than the Disruption Cut-off 
Date, notwithstanding that such day may be a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Share and (B) 
in this case the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected 
Share that would have prevailed but for that Disrupted Day as of the Valuation Time on that Disruption 
Cut-off Date; 
1.3 
Single Share/Share Basket/Mixed Basket Averaging Dates: 
where the Securities are related to a single Share or are related to a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket 
and "Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" or "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share, and in the relevant Final Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(a) 
Omission, 
then such date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur, then the provisions of Equity Linked Condition 1.1 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days – Single Share Valuation Dates) or Equity Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days – Share Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) as applicable will apply for 
purposes of determining the relevant price on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
Postponement, 
then the provisions of Equity Linked Condition 1.1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – Single 
Share Valuation Dates) or Equity Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – 
Share Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) will apply for the purposes of determining the 
relevant price on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
Modified Postponement, 
then the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date, then 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether the Disruption Cut-off Date is already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Disruption Cut-off Date in accordance with part (B) of Equity Linked Condition 1.1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days – Single Share Valuation Dates) or Condition 1.2 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days – Share Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates:) above as 
applicable and such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant 
value for such Shares in respect of the relevant Averaging Date.

--- Page 439 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
439 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date in respect of Securities to which 
this Equity Linked Condition 1.3 relates is a Disrupted Date and, if in the Final Terms no 
consequence is specified, then "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.4 
Share Basket/Mixed Basket Averaging Dates: 
Where the Equity Linked Securities are related to a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket and "Scheduled 
Trading Date (All Shares Basis)" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, and in the relevant Final 
Terms the consequence specified is: 
(a) 
Omission, 
then the Averaging Date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date, provided that, if through 
the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Date, then 
(A) 
the sole Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated 
final Averaging Date (the Scheduled Final Averaging Date); 
(B) 
and the sole Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines 
is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (for the purposes of this Equity 
Linked Condition 1.4(a), each an Affected Share) shall be the first Scheduled Trading 
Day following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Share unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Final Averaging Date which (but for the occurrence of the 
Disrupted Day) would have been the Averaging Date, until and including the 
Disruption Cut-Off Date, is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Share. In that 
case, 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the sole Averaging Date 
in respect of the Affected Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Affected Share at the 
Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in accordance with part (B) 
of Equity Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – Share 
Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates) above and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant value for such Shares in 
respect of the sole Averaging Date; 
(b) 
Postponement, then the Averaging Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day following the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) 
that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to any Affected Share (irrespective of whether, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date) unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, until and 
including the Disruption Cut-Off Date, is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share (for the purposes of 
this Equity Linked Condition 1.4(b), each an Affected Share).  In that case: 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be such Averaging Date in 
respect of each Share (irrespective of whether the Disruption Cut-Off Date is 
already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date which in the case of an

--- Page 440 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
440 
 
 
Affected Share will be determined in accordance with part (B) of Equity 
Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – Share 
Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates) above and such determination by the 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant value for such Shares in 
respect of the relevant Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
Modified Postponement, then 
(A) 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated 
Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date); and 
(B) 
the Averaging Date for each Share which the Calculation Agent determines is affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (for the purposes of this Equity Linked 
Condition 1.4(c), each an Affected Share) shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in 
relation to the Affected Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in respect of the 
Affected Share has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off 
Date, then: 
(i) 
that Disruption Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in 
respect of the Affected Share (irrespective of whether the Disruption Cut-Off 
Date is already or is deemed to be an Averaging Date); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Affected Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the Disruption Cut-Off Date in accordance with part 
(B) of Equity Linked Condition 1.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days – 
Share Basket/Mixed Basket Valuation Dates) above and such determination 
by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be the relevant value for such 
Shares in respect of the relevant Averaging Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date in respect of Securities 
to which this Equity Linked Condition 1.4 relates is a Disrupted Day and, if in the 
Final Terms no consequence is specified, "Modified Postponement" will apply. 
1.5 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, of the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day on any day on which any Share valuation or observation is scheduled to occur, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such 
Disrupted Day. 
2. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
Following the declaration by a Share Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares or on the composition of the Share 
Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, and, if so, the Calculation Agent will determine and make the 
appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to one or more of any variable(s) relevant to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to account for the Potential Adjustment Event and determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s) 
(which may include but shall not be limited to adjustment(s) to account solely for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share). The Calculation Agent 
may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect

--- Page 441 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
441 
 
 
of the Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded on 
that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as is reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the adjustment made 
and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give, or 
non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
3. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events 
3.1 
Extraordinary Events: 
If a Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer occurs in relation to a Share, 
the Issuer may take the action described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made 
to any terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Merger 
Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, as the case may be, and 
determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s) and for these purposes (a) the Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event made by any options exchange to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange and the relevant adjustments may in the case of 
adjustments following a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the Shares and/or (b) in the case of a Share Basket or Mixed Basket, the 
Calculation Agent may remove the affected Share from the Share Basket or Mixed Basket and 
make such adjustments to the Securities as it determines appropriate (which may, without 
limitation, include any value or weighting of the remaining Shares) in order to account for the 
price or value of the affected Share at the time of its removal as well as the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements (and this may mean 
that the economic benefit of the Securities for the Holder is reduced or that the removal of the 
Share has a material adverse effect on the Securities); 
(ii) 
where the Equity Linked Securities relate to a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, on giving 
notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, redeem each N&C Security or cancel each W&C 
Security, as applicable, in part.  If a Security is so redeemed or cancelled in part the portion 
(the Partial Amount) of each such Security representing the affected Share(s) shall be 
redeemed or cancelled, as applicable, and the Issuer will (x) pay to each Holder in respect of 
each Security held by them an amount equal to the fair market value of the Partial Amount, 
taking into account the Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, 
as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and (y) require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such redemption or cancellation 
in part.  For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each such Security after such 
redemption or cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect 
(subject to adjustment as provided above).  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities 
Condition 9, as applicable; 
(iii) 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel all, but not some only, of the

--- Page 442 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
442 
 
 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount and each 
W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount; 
(iv) 
if "Options Exchange Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the Options Exchange), require 
the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment 
made by the Options Exchange.  If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options 
Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, as 
the case may be, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to 
an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(v) 
if "Share Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then on or after 
the relevant Merger Date, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer Date, as the 
case may be, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to include shares (the Substitute Shares) selected by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the criteria for share selection (Share Substitution Criteria), if any, set out 
in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise as provided below, in place of the Share(s) (for 
the purposes of this Equity Linked Condition 3, the Affected Share(s)) which are affected by 
such Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer and the Substitute 
Shares will, from the date so determined by the Calculation Agent (the Share Substitution 
Date) be deemed to be "Shares" and the relevant issuer of such shares (the Substitute Share 
Issuer), a "Share Issuer" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate and the provisions of Equity Linked 
Condition 3.2 below shall apply. If "Share Substitution" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms but no Share Substitution Criteria are set out in the Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that, to the extent practicable, any 
Substitute Share Issuer will (a) be selected from the same region(s) or sector(s) (depending on 
whether the Affected Shares were selected on the basis of region or sector, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (b) (where the Affected Shares are quoted on a non-European 
exchange or quotation system) have shares quoted on an exchange(s) or quotation system(s) 
in the same region(s) as the Affected Shares, or (where the Affected Shares are quoted on a 
European exchange or quotation system) have shares quoted on an exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) in any European state(s) and in each case where such exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) have similar liquidity to the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the 
Affected Shares are quoted, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, in each case at the 
time of substitution. 
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the occurrence of the Merger 
Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, as the case may be, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Merger Event, De-listing, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Tender Offer, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Equity Linked Conditions shall require the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) to monitor any Share Issuer or Share on

--- Page 443 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
443 
 
 
an on-going basis and no representation (express or implied) is made that there will be any such 
monitoring. 
3.2 
Valuation of Shares of Substitute Share Issuers: 
For the purposes of any adjustments to account for a Share substitution as referred to in Equity Linked 
Condition 3.1(v) above, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the Strike Price or other relevant values, 
levels, variables or terms for the valuation or observation of the Substitute Shares in the terms of the 
Securities in order to account for the price or value of the Affected Shares at the time of their removal 
as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements. 
This may mean that the economic benefit, if any, of the Share substitution for the Holder is reduced 
or that the Share substitution has a material adverse effect on the Securities.  For example, and without 
limitation, the Strike Price for the Substitute Share may be adjusted by the same proportion as any fall 
in value of the Affected Share at the time of its removal relative to the Trade Date and may be further 
reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging 
arrangements. 
4. 
Correction of Share prices 
If the price of a Share published on any Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or any 
other date for Share valuation or observation, as the case may be, by the relevant Exchange and which 
is utilised for any calculation or determination made for the purposes of the Securities (a Relevant 
Calculation) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Share Price) published by 
the relevant Exchange no later than two Business Days prior to the date of payment of any amount 
calculated by reference to the Relevant Calculation then the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be 
required to, treat such Corrected Share Price as the relevant price for such Share on such Valuation 
Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date, as the case may be, and the Calculation 
Agent shall use such Corrected Share Price in determining the Relevant Calculation. 
5. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
In the event that an Additional Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, then 
the Calculation Agent shall either (a) (i) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (b) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer thereof in which event the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by notice given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in 
respect of such early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to 
Securityholders. 
6. 
Definitions 
As used herein: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Loss of Stock Borrow and/or Insolvency Filing, in each 
case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a

--- Page 444 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
444 
 
 
Disrupted Day then the provisions of Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) 
shall apply; 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any relevant Share or (ii) it will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Equity Linked Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
Affiliates); 
Closing Price means, in relation to any Shares and any Scheduled Trading Day, the price per Share 
in respect of such Shares quoted on the applicable Exchange at the Valuation Time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
De-listing means that the relevant Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Shares of a Share Issuer cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted (i) in respect of any Share whose Exchange is located in the United States 
of America, on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ NMS 
(or any successor exchange or quotation system thereto) or (ii) in respect of any Share whose Exchange 
is located in, or most closely associated with, the European Union, in any member state of the 
European Union and (iii) in respect of any Share whose Exchange is located elsewhere, on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange; 
Disruption Cut-Off Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms as either (i) the date falling 
a number of Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, after the relevant originally 
scheduled Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or other similar date on which any 
observation or valuation is required to be made in respect of the Securities or (ii) the date falling a 
number of Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, prior to the next succeeding day 
on which any payment or delivery is to be made under the Securities which is determined in whole or 
in part by reference to the valuation or observation of the relevant Share(s) which is affected by 
occurrence of the relevant Disrupted Day(s); 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; 
Early Closure means in respect of any Shares, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such relevant Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; 
Exchange means, in respect of any Shares, the exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Shares in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Shares has temporarily relocated 
or relocated in circumstances specified in items (i), (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "De-listing" 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the

--- Page 445 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
445 
 
 
Shares on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange) and 
Exchanges means, as the context requires, such stock exchanges or quotation systems in respect of 
the Shares of all the Share Issuers; 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, (a) Exchange Business Day (All 
Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) shall 
apply; 
Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for 
trading in respect of all Shares comprised in the Share Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, during 
their respective regular trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of any Shares, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Shares on the relevant Exchange, 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Shares on a relevant Related Exchange; 
Extraordinary Dividend means a dividend or portion thereof characterised as such by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Final Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to Equity 
Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) above: 
(a) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a single Share, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Price of the Shares on 
the Final Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Price of the Shares on each Averaging 
Date which if so specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging Dates in relation 
to a specific level or value; and 
(b) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket and in 
respect of each Share comprising such Share Basket or Mixed Basket, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Price of such Share 
on the Final Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Prices of such Shares on each Averaging 
Date which if so specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging Dates in relation 
to a specific level or value and, in the case of (A) or (B), multiplied by the relevant Weighting;

--- Page 446 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
446 
 
 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply; 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents are unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk (or 
any other relevant price risk including, but not limited to, the currency risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover, receive, repatriate, 
remit or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
Hedging Shares means the number of Shares that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge 
the equity or other price risk of the Issuer entering into and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Equity Linked Securities; 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Equity Linked 
Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging; 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow Shares that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the Initial Stock Loan Rate specified in relation 
to such Share in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply; 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceedings affecting a Share Issuer (i) all the Shares 
of a Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(ii) holders of the Shares of a Share Issuer, become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
Insolvency Filing means that a Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, 
or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal 
to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 447 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
447 
 
 
Market Disruption Event means in relation to any Shares, the occurrence or existence at any time of 
(i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, 
or (iii) an Early Closure; 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date therefor as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
Merger Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of any relevant Shares, any 
(i) reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the 
Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
Reverse Merger), in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities, the last occurring Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, or where 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Security or such other date for valuation of the relevant Shares or (b) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities, the Maturity Date or Settlement Date or any later date for delivery in accordance 
with the Conditions, as applicable; 
Mixed Basket means the basket of one or more Shares and any other asset described in the Final 
Terms; 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Equity Linked Condition 1 shall apply as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date"; 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event 
or a Tender Offer) or, a free distribution or dividend of any Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;

--- Page 448 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
448 
 
 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the Shares of (a) such Shares or (b) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of a Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or 
otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(4) 
a call by a Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares which are not fully paid; 
(5) 
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of a Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(7) 
any redemption of rights as referred to in (6) above; or 
(8) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or of the composition of the Share Basket or Mixed 
Basket; 
Related Exchange means, in respect of any Shares, each exchange specified as such for such Shares 
in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Shares 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Shares on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); and "Related Exchanges" means, 
as the context requires, such exchanges or quotation systems in respect of all or any one or more of 
the Shares; provided that (i) where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in respect of 
the Shares of a Share Issuer in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contacts relating to such Shares or (ii) where 
"Hedging Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in respect of the Shares of a Share Issuer 
in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system for 
futures or options contracts relating to such Shares which (in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent) is material in the context of any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or any 
Hedging Party in relation to the Securities; 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours; 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such

--- Page 449 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
449 
 
 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) shall 
apply, and, where Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) applies, each of such Shares shall be 
valued independently of each other, and the provisions in relation to Disrupted Day, Averaging Date, 
Observation Date, Closing Price, Final Price and Exchange Business Day shall be applied and 
construed by the Calculation Agent accordingly; 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any day on which the Exchange and Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Share Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, during their 
respective regular trading session(s); 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
Share means each of the Shares specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Share Basket means the basket of Shares of the companies described in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof; 
Share Issuer means the issuer of the relevant Shares; 
Share Price means at any time on any Scheduled Trading Date, the price of the Share on the applicable 
Exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Strike Price means, in relation to any Shares, the Closing Price of such Shares on the Initial Valuation 
Date; 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 
per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the makings of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of any Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) relating to the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Share on a relevant Related Exchange; 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur;

--- Page 450 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
450 
 
 
Valuation Date means each date specified as a Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms 
(including, if applicable, the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date), or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day then the 
provisions of Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply; 
Valuation Time means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is so specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or other similar day, as the case may be, in relation to each 
Share to be valued.  If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; and 
Weighting for each Share means the weighting of such Share in the relevant Share Basket or Mixed 
Basket as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions 
7.1 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
If a "Knock-In Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery provisions 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-In Event shall be as set out in (i) the 
applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, (ii) N&C Condition 22 in the case of Non-
Exempt N&C Securities or (iii) W&C Condition 18 in the case of Non-Exempt W&C Securities. 
If a "Knock-Out Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery provisions 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-Out Event shall be as set out in (i) the 
applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, (ii) N&C Condition 22 in the case of Non-
Exempt N&C Securities or (iii) W&C Condition 18 in the case of Non-Exempt W&C Securities. 
7.2 
Disrupted Days 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is a single time on each relevant day and any Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of Exempt Securities only), (A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out Determination Day 
consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day 
shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has 
occurred; Provided That if the Knock-In Period Ending Date or the Knock-Out Period Ending Date is 
a Disrupted Day and no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In 
Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination Period, the Knock-In Period Ending Date or 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date, as applicable, shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the 
provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance 
with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final 
Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at 
which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event 
or Knock-Out Event shall occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out Determination Day consequences of 
a Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be treated 
as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Share(s) in 
respect of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these 
purposes in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without

--- Page 451 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
451 
 
 
limitation, in respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of 
determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall occur. 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is other than a single time on each relevant day and if on any Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day, as of any Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time, a 
Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted 
Day have been satisfied at such time then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (in 
the case of Exempt Securities only), (A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out intraday valuation consequences of 
disruption" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such Valuation Time shall be 
ignored for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has occurred 
Provided That if no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination 
Period or Knock-Out Determination Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of 
the last occurring Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period 
Ending Date or Knock-Out Period Ending Date, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to 
which the provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in 
accordance with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out 
Event shall occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is 
specified as Materiality in the applicable Final Terms, then (i) where the Calculation Agent determines 
that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is not material for the purposes 
of determining the price of the relevant Share(s) as of such time, the Knock-In Event or Knock-Out 
Event, as applicable, shall occur notwithstanding such event or occurrence, or (ii) where the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day 
is material for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Share(s) as of such time, then the 
Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred at such time Provided 
That if no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period 
or Knock-Out Determination Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last 
occurring Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending 
Date or Knock-Out Period Ending Date, as applicable, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation 
Date to which the provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of 
such day in accordance with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event 
or Knock-Out Event shall occur. 
7.3 
Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only): 
Knock-In Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Determination Period. 
Knock-In Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-In Period Ending Date. 
Knock-In Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-In Price means (i) in the case of a single Share, the price of the Share specified and (ii) in the 
case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, the price in each case specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-In Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 452 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
452 
 
 
Knock-In Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-In Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-In Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
Knock-Out Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period. 
Knock-Out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
Out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-Out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-Out Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Price means (i) in the case of a single Share the price of the Share specified and (ii) in 
the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, the price, in each case specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-Out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
8. 
Trigger Event Provisions 
8.1 
Trigger Event 
If "Trigger Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery 
provisions under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall be as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Disrupted Days 
If Trigger Event (Closing Observation) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
any Trigger Event Observation Date is a Disrupted Day then, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Securities, (A) if "Trigger Event Observation Date 
consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day 
shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event has occurred; Provided That if 
the final day of any Trigger Event Observation Period is a Disrupted Day and no Trigger Event has 
occurred in such Trigger Event Observation Period, such final day of such Trigger Event Observation 
Period shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Equity Linked 
Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such 
provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt 
Securities, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any subsequent 
valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, or (B) if 
"Trigger Event Observation Date consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in 
the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions 
contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation

--- Page 453 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
453 
 
 
Agent shall determine the price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such 
provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms in 
the case of Exempt Securities, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any 
subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
If Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
if on any Trigger Event Observation Date as of any Trigger Event Valuation Time a Trigger Event has 
or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted Day have been satisfied at such time then, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), (A) 
if "Trigger Event intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Omission in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Valuation Time shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a 
Trigger Event has occurred; Provided That if no Trigger Event has occurred in the Trigger Event 
Observation Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Trigger 
Event Valuation Time on the final day of such Trigger Event Observation Period, then such day shall 
be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the 
relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions for purposes of 
determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, or (B) if "Trigger Event intraday valuation 
consequences of disruption" is specified as Materiality in the applicable Final Terms, then (i) where 
the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted 
Day is not material for purposes of determining the price of the relevant Share(s) as of such time, the 
Trigger Event shall occur notwithstanding such event or occurrence, or (ii) where the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is material 
for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Share(s) as of such time, then the Trigger 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred at such time Provided That if no Trigger Event has 
occurred in a Trigger Event Observation Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied 
as of the last occurring Trigger Event Valuation Time on the final day of such Trigger Event 
Observation Period, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions 
contained in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such 
provisions for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
8.3 
Definitions 
Trigger Event means a Trigger Event (Closing Observation), a Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) 
or such other event as specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only); 
Trigger Event (Closing Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that on any 
Trigger Event Observation Date the Closing Price of any Share is less than or equal to the relevant 
Trigger Price for such share, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Trigger Event Date means a date on which a Trigger Event occurs as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that at any 
time during the regular trading session hours on the applicable Exchange on any Trigger Event 
Observation Date the price per Share in respect of any Share quoted on the applicable Exchange is 
less than or equal to the relevant Trigger Price for such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Trigger Event Observation Date means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Trigger Event 
Observation Period; 
Trigger Event Observation Period means the period from and including the Initial Valuation Date 
to and including the Final Valuation Date;

--- Page 454 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
454 
 
 
Trigger Percentage means, in relation to any Shares, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Trigger Price means, in relation to any Shares, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant 
Trigger Percentage and (ii) the Strike Price of such Shares; and 
Trigger Event Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Trigger Event Observation 
Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 
1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
9. 
Autocall Provisions 
9.1 
Autocall Event 
If "Autocall Provisions" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or 
delivery obligations under the Securities relating to the occurrence of an Autocall Event shall be as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.2 
Disrupted Days  
If any Autocall Observation Date is a Disrupted Day then the applicable provisions for such event 
shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.3 
Autocallable Equity Linked Definitions 
Adjusted Strike Price means, in relation to any Shares, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
relevant Strike Price Adjustment Percentage and (ii) the Strike Price of such Share. 
Autocall Event has the meaning set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Autocall Observation Date has the meaning set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Barrier Percentage means, in relation to any Share, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Barrier Price means, in relation to any Share, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant Barrier 
Percentage and (ii) the Strike Price of such Share. 
Strike Price Adjustment Percentage means in relation to any Shares, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
Mandatory Early Termination  
Unless the Securities have been previously redeemed, exercised, terminated or cancelled, if on any 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, then the 
Securities will be automatically redeemed or cancelled, as applicable, in whole, but not in part, on the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date immediately following such Mandatory Early Termination 
Valuation Date and the redemption or cancellation amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption or cancellation of each Security shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the 
relevant Mandatory Early Termination Amount. 
As used herein: 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Termination Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), an

--- Page 455 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
455 
 
 
amount equal to the product of (i) the Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount and (ii) the 
relevant Mandatory Early Termination Rate relating to that Mandatory Early Termination Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Event means (each of) the event(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Rate means, in respect of any Mandatory Early Termination Date, 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of 
Exempt Securities only), the corresponding provisions in Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days) shall apply on the basis such Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Time means in respect of any Shares the time on any 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and such time 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Time for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 1 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
11. 
FX Disruption 
11.1 
In the event that the Equity Currency of the Shares or, in the case of an Share Basket or a Mixed 
Basket, any of the Shares within the Basket (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) is not the same 
as the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency, as applicable, of the Securities, then following: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any event that: 
(i) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
converting one or more Equity Currencies into the Specified Currency, or Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, (i) through customary legal channels or (ii) at a rate that is at least as 
favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in the relevant Equity Currency 
Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
delivering the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency, as applicable, and/or an Equity 
Currency from accounts inside the relevant Equity Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
such Equity Currency Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
renders the Issuer or any of its Affiliates unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign exchange risk incurred by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in respect of the relevant Equity Currency(ies) or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
the government or other relevant authority with jurisdiction in a relevant Equity Currency Jurisdiction 
giving public notice of its intention to impose any capital controls which the Calculation Agent

--- Page 456 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
456 
 
 
determines are likely (i) to have a material affect on the ability of any of the Issuer or its Affiliates to 
hedge its foreign exchange risk in respect of the relevant Equity Currency(ies) or unwind any such 
hedging transaction or (ii) to reduce the value of any such hedging transaction, 
the Issuer may take the action described in (A) or (B) below as it deems appropriate: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine an exchange rate (or alternative method for 
determining the exchange rate) for conversion of the relevant Equity Currency(ies) into the 
Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, taking into consideration all 
available information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(B) 
postpone the date of any relevant valuation, observation and/or payment date in respect of the 
Securities for so long as, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the events described 
in (a) or (b) above have occurred or are continuing. 
11.2 
In the event that the Equity Currency in respect of the Shares of a Share Issuer ceases to be the currency 
in which such Shares are traded or settled (in the determination of the Calculation Agent), the Issuer 
may determine the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of the Conditions 
to account for such circumstance and determine the effective date of such adjustment(s). Details of 
any such adjustment(s) shall be notified to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, provided that any failure by the Issuer to 
provide such notice shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment(s). 
As used in this Equity Linked Condition 11, Equity Currency Jurisdiction means any jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Equity Currency is the lawful currency selected by the Calculation Agent. 
12. 
GDR/ADR Linked Securities 
If "GDR/ADR Linked Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of Equity Linked Conditions 13 to 16 inclusive shall apply (in each case subject to 
completion and/or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, amendment in the applicable Final Terms). 
13. 
General Provisions in respect of GDR/ADR Linked Securities 
The provisions of Equity Linked Conditions 1 to 11 (inclusive) shall apply to GDR/ADR Linked 
Securities: 
(i) 
where "Partial Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as if 
references therein to the "Shares" were to the Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs) and/or 
American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or the 
Underlying Shares, as applicable, references to the "Share Issuer" were to the Underlying 
Share Issuer and/or the issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and references to the 
"Exchange" were to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the 
case may be, are listed and the primary exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying 
Shares are listed; or 
(ii) 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as if 
references therein to "Shares" were to the Underlying Shares, references to the "Share Issuer" 
were to the Underlying Share Issuer and references to the "Exchange" were to the primary 
exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, 
and in each case with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may 
consider necessary or otherwise desirable to account for the relevant GDRs and/or ADRs.

--- Page 457 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
457 
 
 
14. 
Share Event in respect of GDR/ADR Linked Securities 
A Share Event (as defined below) shall be deemed to be an Extraordinary Event to which the 
provisions of Equity Linked Condition 3.1 shall apply and upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the 
Issuer may take the action described in items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) set out in Equity Linked Condition 
3.1 above.  The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the occurrence of 
the Share Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  If an 
event may constitute both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of these events such event constitutes.  
For these purposes: 
Depository means the issuer of the ADRs or GDRs, as applicable. 
Deposit Agreement means, in relation to the ADRs or GDRs, as applicable, the agreements or other 
instruments constituting the ADRs or GDRs and/or relating to the Underlying Shares as amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
Replacement DRs means depositary receipts other than the relevant ADRs or GDRs over the same 
Underlying Shares. 
Share Event means each of the following events: 
(i) 
written instructions have been given by the Underlying Share Issuer to the depositary of the 
Underlying Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; and/or 
(ii) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
Underlying Shares mean the shares or other securities underlying the ADRs or GDRs, as the case 
may be. 
Underlying Share Issuer means the issuer of the Underlying Shares. 
15. 
Additional Potential Adjustment Events and Amended Consequences of Potential Adjustment 
Events  
15.1 
The following additional events shall be deemed to be added to the events listed in the definition of 
Potential Adjustment Events set out in Equity Linked Condition 6 (Definitions): 
"a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating 
to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares; and 
any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement." 
15.2 
The words "an economic effect on the Securities or" shall be added to Equity Linked Condition 2 
(Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events) immediately prior to the words "a diluting or 
concentrative effect…" therein. 
15.3 
The words "or any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement" shall be added 
to the end of Equity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events). 
15.4 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment to the Securities under the terms of Equity 
Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events) that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may elect to treat the Potential Adjustment

--- Page 458 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
458 
 
 
Event as an Extraordinary Event to which the consequences in paragraphs (ii), (iv) or (v) of Equity 
Linked Condition 3.1 (Extraordinary Events) shall apply, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
16. 
Amended Definition of De-listing and Consequences of Extraordinary Events 
16.1 
The definition of De-listing shall be amended by the addition of the words "(A) the Depository 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated and/or (B)" immediately after the 
word "means" in the first line thereof. 
16.2 
Equity Linked Condition 3.1 (Extraordinary Events) paragraph (i) shall be amended by the addition 
of the words "or any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement" immediately 
after the words "that options exchange" therein. 
16.3 
For the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 3.1 (Extraordinary Events), Replacement DRs shall be 
deemed to be eligible Substitute Shares to which the provisions of paragraph (v) may apply if so 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
17. 
Provisions relating to Exchangeable Equity Linked N&C Securities 
If "Exchangeable Equity Linked N&C Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of Equity Linked Conditions 17 to 19 inclusive shall apply. 
For these purposes: 
Board Lot means (i) the applicable minimum board lot for trading of the Shares on the Exchange as 
specified by the Exchange from time to time or (ii) where no such minimum board lot exists, one 
Share. 
Cash Exchange Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case 
of Exempt Securities only), an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Price x Number of Shares per Security) 
EDRA Final Price means the Final Price in respect of the first Scheduled Trading Day following the 
relevant Exercise Date which will be subject to adjustment as though such day was a Valuation Date 
in accordance with Equity Linked Condition 1.1 in the event that day is a Disrupted Day. 
Entitlement has the meaning given in Equity Linked Condition 19 below. 
Exchange Optional Redemption Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(EDRA Final Price x Number of Shares per Security) 
Exchange Period means the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the day 
immediately preceding the originally scheduled Final Valuation Date (without regard to any Disrupted 
Day). 
Exchange Right means the Securityholder's right on any Exercise Date to deliver an Asset Transfer 
Notice as described in Equity Linked Condition 18.3 below. 
Exchange Settlement Date means, following the exercise of the Exchange Right, the third Business 
Day following the relevant Exercise Date.

--- Page 459 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
459 
 
 
Exercise Date has the meaning given in Equity Linked Condition 18.3 below. 
Final Price means the Final Price in respect of the Final Valuation Date (as determined in accordance 
with Equity Linked Condition 6). 
Fractional Share Amount has the meaning given in Equity Linked Condition 19.2 below. 
Number of Shares per Security means, in respect of any Security, the number of Shares per Security 
determined in accordance with the Exchange Formula (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount and Exchange Events 
18.1 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, and unless the Exchange Right is exercised 
in respect of the relevant Security, each Security shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount (as specified in Equity Linked Condition 18.2 below). 
18.2 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only), the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to (a) the relevant 
Specified Denomination for such Security or, if greater (b) the relevant Cash Exchange Amount. 
18.3 
In respect of any Security, the Holder has the right to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance 
with the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions set out in Annex 8 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C Securities).  The day on which an Asset Transfer Notice is 
validly delivered (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day) is referred to as the Exercise Date. 
18.4 
An Exercise Date may only occur in the Exchange Period and the last day of the Exchange Period is 
the Cut-off Date for purposes of the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions.  If the Exchange 
Right is exercised in respect of any N&C Security, such N&C Security will be redeemed on the 
Exchange Settlement Date by the Issuer applying the Nominal Amount of such N&C Security as at 
such date on behalf of the relevant Securityholder to purchase the Entitlement (as defined in Condition 
19) and the Issuer will deliver and pay, as applicable, the Entitlement together with any Fractional 
Share Amount to or to the order of such Securityholder in respect of each N&C Security, in each case 
for value on the Exchange Settlement Date, in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of these 
Equity Linked Conditions and the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions. 
19. 
Determination of Entitlement 
19.1 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement in respect of each Security 
will be equal to the Number of Shares per Security. 
19.2 
In circumstances where the Number of Shares per Security is not equal to an integral multiple of the 
relevant Board Lot, the Issuer will pay to the relevant Securityholder which has exercised the 
Exchange Right a cash payment in the Specified Currency (the Fractional Share Amount) 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(A – B) × C 
Where: 
"A" means the Number of Shares per Security; 
"B" means the Number of Shares per Security as rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of the 
relevant Board Lot; and

--- Page 460 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
460 
 
 
"C" means the Final Price. 
19.3 
The Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions will apply on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Maturity Delivery Date will be the relevant Exchange Settlement Date; 
(b) 
the 16th paragraph of Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 2 (beginning "If an Asset Transfer 
Notice is delivered …") will not apply; 
(c) 
for the purposes of Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 5 (Option to Vary Settlement) only, 
the Final Redemption Amount as referred to therein will equal the Exchange Optional Redemption 
Amount and the Maturity Date as referred to therein will be the second Business Day following the 
day on which the relevant Optional Redemption Amount is determined. 
19.4 
Coupon Amounts 
Securityholders exercising the Exchange Right will not be entitled to receive payment of any Coupon 
Amount due on any Coupon Payment Date which falls on or after the Exchange Settlement Date, but 
will be entitled to receive any Coupon Amount falling due on any Coupon Payment Date which falls 
prior to the Exchange Settlement Date.

--- Page 461 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
461 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FX LINKED SECURITIES 
Contents 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Disruption Events .............................................................................................................................. 462 
2. 
General Definitions ........................................................................................................................... 463 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event ................................................................................................. 465

--- Page 462 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
462 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Fixed FX Interest N&C Securities 
 
FX Redemption N&C Securities 
 
Fixed Denomination FX Redemption N&C Securities 
 
FX Basket Knock-Out W&C Securities 
 
FX Basket Knock-In W&C Securities 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and 
conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions 
for FX Linked Securities set out below (the FX Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and conditions applicable 
to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Linked W&C Securities shall comprise the 
terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) and the FX Linked Conditions, 
in each case together with the Additional Terms and Conditions contained in any of the other Annexes to the 
Terms and Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Securities and 
subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and, 
in the case of Exempt Securities only, supplement or amendment in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the 
case of FX Linked N&C Securities which are Exempt N&C Securities or FX Linked W&C Securities which 
are Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or 
the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the FX Linked Conditions, the FX Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the case of FX Linked W&C Securities which are not Exempt N&C Securities or FX Linked 
W&C Securities which are not Exempt W&C Warrants, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C 
Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the FX Linked Conditions, the 
N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the FX 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  References 
in the FX Linked Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" 
and "N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Disruption Events 
Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any 
of the following: Change in Law, Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, General 
Non-Transferability, a Hedging Disruption Event, Illiquidity, a Material Change in Circumstance, 
Nationalisation, Price Materiality or a Price Source Disruption, in each case if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of the definition of Disruption Event: 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (i) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the FX Linked Securities or (ii) it 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the FX Linked 
Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
Affiliates).

--- Page 463 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
463 
 
 
Dual Exchange Rate means, with respect to any Settlement Rate Option applicable to a Series of 
Securities, the occurrence of an event that splits any currency exchange rate specified in such 
Settlement Rate Option into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
General Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert (a) a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency through customary legal channels or 
(b) a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency at a rate that is at least as favourable as the 
rate for domestic institutions located in a Relevant Currency Jurisdiction. 
General Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver a Relevant Currency from accounts inside any Relevant Currency Jurisdiction to accounts 
either inside or outside such Relevant Currency Jurisdiction irrespective of whether the holder of such 
account is a resident or non resident of such Relevant Currency Jurisdiction. 
Hedging Disruption Event means an event that renders a Hedging Party unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign exchange risk 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of the issuance of the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Illiquidity means it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of any Settlement Rate for the 
Minimum Amount (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions 
that, when taken together, total the Minimum Amount) on any relevant Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date or Averaging Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source). 
Material Change in Circumstance means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Disruption Events in this paragraph) in a Relevant Currency Jurisdiction beyond the 
control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible (A) for a the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the relevant series of Securities and (B) generally to fulfil obligations relating to the Issuer's 
obligations under such Securities (including any related obligations of any Hedging Party). 
Nationalisation means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action 
taken by a Governmental Authority which deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its 
assets in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Price Materiality means any Primary Rate differs from the related Secondary Rate by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage. 
Price Source Disruption means it becomes impossible to obtain any Settlement Rate on any 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant FX Price 
Source). 
2. 
General Definitions 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or if 
that is not an FX Business Day the first FX Business Day thereafter unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is an FX Disrupted Day.  If such day is an FX Disrupted Day the provisions 
of FX Linked Condition 3 shall apply. 
FX Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits), or but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have settled payments and 
been open for general business in each of the Specified Financial Centres.

--- Page 464 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
464 
 
 
FX Disrupted Day means any FX Business Day on which a Disruption Event occurs. 
FX Price Source means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate, the price source(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Settlement Rate or if the relevant rate is not published or announced 
by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, any successor or alternative price source or 
page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Hedging Party means the Issuer and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party which conducts hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities from time to time. 
Minimum Amount means, in the case of N&C Securities, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities at the relevant time or, in the case of W&C Securities, the product of the Notional Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the number of W&C Securities remaining outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) at the relevant time. 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Primary Rate means each rate specified as such and determined using the Settlement Rate Option 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Exchange Rate means each exchange rate of one Relevant Currency for another Relevant 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms expressed as a number of units of one Relevant 
Currency per unit of the other Relevant Currency which appears on the FX Price Source or such other 
rate specified or otherwise determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Currency means each currency referenced or referred to under the Securities for the 
purposes of these FX Linked Conditions. 
Relevant Currency Jurisdiction means each jurisdiction in which a Relevant Currency is the lawful 
currency selected by the Calculation Agent. 
Secondary Rate means each rate specified as such determined using the Settlement Rate Option 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Rate means, subject to FX Linked Condition 3, the level of the relevant Reference 
Exchange Rate for a Relevant Currency at the relevant Valuation Time, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (including but not limited to making such adjustments as are necessary to published 
quoting conventions and/or implying the Reference Exchange Rate from one or more Settlement Rate 
Options in relation to a Relevant Currency). 
Settlement Rate Option means, with respect to a Settlement Rate, the settlement rate option specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Financial Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Valuation Date means each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or if any such date 
is not an FX Business Day the first FX Business Day thereafter unless, in the opinion of the Calculation

--- Page 465 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
465 
 
 
Agent, such day is an FX Disrupted Day.  If such day is an FX Disrupted Day, then the provisions of 
FX Linked Condition 3 shall apply. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists on 
or in relation to any relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, which Disruption Event is material 
in the context of making any determinations under the Securities, then one or more of the following 
fallback provisions may be applicable to the Securities, each as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (and, if more than one such fallback provision is relevant, the Calculation Agent may select 
any of such fallback provisions as it determines appropriate): 
Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate means that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Settlement Rate (or an alternative method for determining the Settlement Rate), taking 
into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
Fallback Reference Price means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Rate on or 
in relation to the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date (or, if different, the day on which rates 
for that Valuation Date or Averaging Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced) 
pursuant to the first of the alternate Settlement Rate Options, if any, specified as a Fallback Reference 
Price for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms that is not subject to or affected by a Disruption 
Event. 
Settlement Postponement means that the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable, 
will be deemed to be the first succeeding FX Business Day on which no Disruption Event exists, unless 
a Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
a Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable) for a 
number of consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. In 
that case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Settlement Price or Settlement Rate (as 
applicable) in the manner set out in the Conditions (including, where applicable, the applicable Final 
Terms) or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant Settlement Price or Settlement 
Rate (as applicable) in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant Settlement Price or 
Settlement Rate as of the Valuation Time on such final day which it determines would have prevailed 
but for the relevant Disruption Event. 
Termination means that the Issuer may give notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable and redeem or cancel all (but 
not some only) of the Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount.  Payment in respect of 
such Termination shall be made as specified in such notice to Securityholders. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Condition 3: 
Maximum Days of Disruption means (a) the number of calendar day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if not so specified, ten calendar days) or (b) such shorter period as the 
Calculation Agent may determine ending on the second FX Business Day prior to any day on which 
the Issuer is scheduled to make any payment or perform any delivery obligation in respect of the 
Securities determined in whole or in part by reference to the relevant Settlement Rate.

--- Page 466 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
466 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Contents 
Clause 
Page 
PART A – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES .. 467 
 
1. 
Determination of Relevant Commodity Price for Commodity Linked Securities ............................ 467 
2. 
Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks .................................................... 467 
3. 
Additional Disruption Events ............................................................................................................ 468 
4. 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events and Successor Index Sponsor .............................................. 468 
5. 
Common Pricing................................................................................................................................ 470 
6. 
Corrections to Published Prices ......................................................................................................... 470 
7. 
Adjustments to Payment Dates, Exercise Dates and Settlement Dates ............................................. 471 
8. 
Commodity Business Day and Index Business Day Convention ...................................................... 471 
 
PART B – DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES ............................ 472 
 
1. 
Certain General Definitions Relating to Commodity Linked Securities ........................................... 472 
2. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks ............... 474 
3. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks for a 
Commodity Index .............................................................................................................................. 477 
4. 
Definitions Relating to Additional Disruption Events ...................................................................... 479 
5. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Index Adjustment Events ......................................................... 480 
6. 
Certain General Definitions Relating to Commodity Reference Prices ............................................ 480 
 
PART C – CERTAIN COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICES AND INDEX REFERENCE PRICES ....... 484 
 
1. 
Agricultural ....................................................................................................................................... 484 
2. 
Energy ............................................................................................................................................... 486 
3. 
Metals ................................................................................................................................................ 488 
4. 
Platts .................................................................................................................................................. 490 
5. 
Indices ............................................................................................................................................... 492

--- Page 467 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
467 
 
 
PART A – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED 
SECURITIES 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities only. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to Commodity 
Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities 
Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Securities set out below (the 
Commodity Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Linked W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the Commodity Linked Conditions, in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final 
Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities 
Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities 
Conditions and/or the Commodity Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms shall prevail.  References in the Commodity Linked Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be 
deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" 
as the context admits. 
These Commodity Conditions apply to Commodity Linked Securities linked to (i) a single Relevant 
Commodity, (ii) a Commodity Index, (iii) a Basket of Commodities or (iv) a basket of various assets or 
reference bases which includes a Relevant Commodity or Commodity Index. 
1. 
Determination of Relevant Commodity Price for Commodity Linked Securities 
The Relevant Commodity Price for a Relevant Commodity or a Commodity Index for any Pricing 
Date shall be the price, expressed as a price per unit of the Relevant Commodity or the settlement 
price (or other reference price or level) of the Commodity Index, determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to that Pricing Date in respect of which: 
(i) 
the Commodity Reference Price or Index Reference Price, is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Specified Price (if any) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the Delivery Date (if any) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
the Pricing Date(s) is/are the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Commodity Market Disruption Event which has occurred 
with respect to a Relevant Commodity is continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
Price Source), the Relevant Commodity Price for such Relevant Commodity for that Pricing Date will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Disruption Fallbacks. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Commodity Market Disruption Event has occurred in 
relation to the Index Components of a Commodity Index and is continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the Price Source), the Index Reference Price will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the applicable Disruption Fallbacks regardless of whether or not a settlement price 
(or other reference price or level) of the Commodity Index has been published by the Index Sponsor

--- Page 468 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
468 
 
 
in respect of such Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). 
If, in relation to a Commodity Index, an event would constitute both (i) a Commodity Market 
Disruption Event, and (ii) a Commodity Index Adjustment Event, such event will be deemed a 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event. 
In respect of proprietary indices linked to commodities (or other commodity-linked reference assets), 
the actual market disruption events and disruption fallbacks and index adjustment events (and related 
definitions and terms) applicable thereto may differ in certain respects from those set forth in these 
Commodity Conditions. In such cases, the relevant definitions and terms and conditions of any such 
bespoke market disruption events and disruption fallbacks and index adjustments events shall apply 
in accordance with the terms of each such proprietary index, all subject to such other provisions as 
may be specified in the Final Terms relating to any Commodity Linked Security linked to such 
proprietary indices. 
3. 
Additional Disruption Events 
In the event that an Additional Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, then 
the Calculation Agent may either (a)(i) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (b) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer thereof in which event the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by notice given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in 
respect of such early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to 
Securityholders. 
4. 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events and Successor Index Sponsor 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor calculates and reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a suitable successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Commodity Index, then in each case that index (the Successor Index) will be deemed to be the 
Commodity Index and the Relevant Commodity Price will be deemed to be the price so calculated and 
announced by that Successor Index Sponsor or published in respect of that Successor Index, as the 
case may be. The Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion whether a successor 
sponsor is suitable and/or whether the formula for and method of calculation used by a successor index 
is the same or substantially similar and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Securities to account for that Successor Index. 
(b) 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
If, with respect to a Commodity Index, at any time on or after the Trade Date the Calculation Agent 
in its reasonable discretion determines that a Commodity Index Adjustment Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may at its option:

--- Page 469 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
469 
 
 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, require the Calculation Agent to determine any 
relevant adjustment to the Conditions which may include, without limitation, delaying any 
Pricing Date or other date for valuation or observation of the relevant Commodity Index until 
the relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event no longer exists; 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to replace any Commodity Index that is affected by a 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event with one or more successor indices (in each case any 
such replacement being a Replacement Index) (and as appropriate replace the Index Sponsor 
with the index sponsor in respect of the Replacement Index and make such adjustments to any 
other Conditions as the Calculation Agent considers relevant to account for such replacement 
in accordance with Commodity Linked Condition 4(c) below), whereupon the Replacement 
Index(ices) will be deemed to be the successor(s) to the relevant Commodity Index and will 
take effect from the date of such replacement, provided however that the selection of a 
Replacement Index will be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Index 
Replacement Criteria. Thereafter, all references to the relevant Commodity Index or Index 
Sponsor (as applicable) shall be deemed to be references to such relevant replacements; 
(iii) 
other than following the occurrence of an Index Restriction Event, require the Calculation 
Agent to calculate the Relevant Commodity Price using, in lieu of a published level for the 
Commodity Index, the level for the Commodity Index in respect of the applicable Pricing Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Commodity Index last in effect prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event, 
but using only those Index Components that comprised the Commodity Index immediately 
prior to the relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event (other than those Index Components 
that have ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange or traded on any relevant over-the-
counter market (bilateral or otherwise)); or 
(iv) 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel all, but not some only, of the 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount and each 
W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in respect of such 
early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to Securityholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent shall not be required to determine the Relevant 
Commodity Price for a Commodity Index in accordance with paragraph (iii) above on more than one 
consecutive Pricing Date.  If, following the occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent has already calculated the Relevant Commodity Price for a Commodity Index in 
accordance with paragraph (iii) on any Pricing Date, on or prior to the next following Pricing Date 
thereafter, if the relevant Commodity Index Adjustment Event is continuing the Issuer may at its option 
(a) require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Securities in accordance with paragraph (i) 
above, (b) require the Calculation Agent to replace the affected Commodity Index in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above or (c) redeem or cancel the Securities in accordance with paragraph (iv) above. 
(c) 
Valuation of Replacement Indices 
For the purposes of any adjustments to account for a replacement as referred to in Commodity Linked 
Condition 4(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent shall adjust such values, levels, variables or terms for the 
valuation or observation of the Replacement Index in the terms of the Securities in order to account 
for the price or value of the affected Commodity Index at the time of its replacement as well as the 
cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements. This may 
mean that the economic benefit, if any, of the replacement for the Holder is reduced or that the 
replacement has a material adverse effect on the Securities.  For example, and without limitation, the 
relevant level or value of the Replacement Index may be adjusted by the same proportion as any fall

--- Page 470 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
470 
 
 
in value of the affected Commodity Index at the time of the replacement relative to the Trade Date 
and may be further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any 
associated hedging arrangements. 
5. 
Common Pricing 
With respect to Securities relating to a Basket of Commodities, if "Common Pricing" has been selected 
in the applicable Final Terms as: 
(i) 
"Applicable" then, no date will be a Pricing Date unless such date is a day in relation to which 
the Commodity Reference Prices for all Relevant Commodities are (or but for the occurrence 
of a Commodity Market Disruption Event would have been) scheduled to be published or 
announced. 
(ii) 
"Inapplicable" then, a date will be a Pricing Date regardless of whether such date is a day in 
relation to which the Commodity Reference Prices for all Relevant Commodities are (or but 
for the occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event would have been) scheduled to 
be published or announced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of both (i) and (ii) above if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Commodity Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in relation to a Pricing Date (subject 
to the applicability of Common Pricing) in respect of any Relevant Commodity and/or Commodity 
Index in a Basket of Commodities (the Affected Commodity), the Relevant Commodity Price of each 
Relevant Commodity and/or Commodity Index within the basket which is not affected by the 
occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event shall be determined in relation to its scheduled 
Pricing Date and the Relevant Commodity Price for each Affected Commodity shall be determined in 
accordance with the applicable Disruption Fallbacks. 
6. 
Corrections to Published Prices 
For purposes of determining or calculating the Relevant Commodity Price for any Pricing Date, if the 
price published or announced on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
determine a Relevant Commodity Price is subsequently corrected and the correction is published or 
announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement within 30 calendar days 
after the original publication or announcement, the Calculation Agent may recalculate the Relevant 
Commodity Price for that day, using such corrected price. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
of any such correction, the revised Relevant Commodity Price and, if any amount (the Actual 
Amount) has been paid or delivered to Securityholders on the basis of the original Relevant 
Commodity Price, the amount that should have been paid or delivered to the Securityholders on the 
basis of the corrected Relevant Commodity Price (the Adjusted Amount). Upon being notified of the 
Adjusted Amount, the Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) take such action as it considers necessary 
or appropriate to either pay or deliver additional amounts (if the Adjusted Amount is greater than the 
Actual Amount) or recover (solely by set-off against future payments) such amounts (if the Adjusted 
Amount is less than the Actual Amount). The Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make any 
determination under this Commodity Condition and shall have no liability to any person for any 
determination made or not made under this Commodity Condition. 
In determining whether or not to exercise the above discretion the Calculation Agent shall take into 
account such factor(s) as it determines appropriate, including, without limitation, hedging 
arrangements of any Hedging Party in respect of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Calculation Agent determines that the price published or 
announced on a given day and used or to be used by it to determine a Relevant Commodity Price in 
respect of a Pricing Date is expected to be subsequently corrected, then the Calculation Agent may 
delay the determination or calculation of the Relevant Commodity Price in respect of such day and

--- Page 471 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
471 
 
 
instead notify the Issuer of the expected correction. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of an 
expected correction to a Relevant Commodity Price, the Issuer shall not make any related payments 
or deliveries, until the Calculation Agent determines or calculates the correct Relevant Commodity 
Price and the day on which such payments or delivered are due shall be delayed to the same extent as 
was the determination or calculation of the correct Relevant Commodity Price. No additional amounts 
shall be payable or deliverable as a result of any such delay or postponement. 
7. 
Adjustments to Payment Dates, Exercise Dates and Settlement Dates 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Commodities Conditions, if, as a result of a delay 
or postponement pursuant to the occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event or Index 
Adjustment Event, a Relevant Commodity Price used to determine (i) whether any right of exercise 
(of the Issuer or any Securityholder) may be exercised or (ii) any amount payable or deliverable (plus 
related adjustments) on any Coupon Payment Date, Redemption Date or on any other relevant date in 
relation to the Commodity Linked Securities, is unavailable such determination and/or date will, 
subject to the applicable Final Terms, be delayed or postponed to fall on the second Business Day 
following the determination of the Relevant Commodity Price under the Disruption Fallback provision 
or Commodity Index Adjustment Event provision as determined by the Calculation Agent. No 
additional amounts shall be payable or deliverable by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to any 
Securityholder as a result of any such delay or postponement. 
8. 
Commodity Business Day and Index Business Day Convention 
If any date applicable to a Commodity Linked Security that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Commodity Business Day Convention or an Index Business Day Convention, as 
applicable, would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day or Index Business 
Day as applicable, such date will be adjusted according to the Commodity Business Day Convention 
or Index Business Day Convention, as applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Commodity Business Day Convention or Index Business Day Convention is: 
(i) 
"Following", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Commodity Business Day 
or Index Business Day, as applicable; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Commodity 
Business Day or Index Business Day, as applicable, unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Commodity Business Day or Index Business Day, as applicable; or 
(iii) 
"Preceding", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Commodity 
Business Day or Index Business Day, as applicable.

--- Page 472 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
472 
 
 
PART B – DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
1. 
Certain General Definitions Relating to Commodity Linked Securities 
Basket of Commodities means, in relation to a particular Security, a basket composed of Relevant 
Commodities and/or Commodity Indices in the relative proportions specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Bullion means, Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium. 
Bullion Business Day means, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New York. 
Commodity Business Day means, in respect of a Relevant Commodity and a Commodity Reference 
Price (i) for each Commodity Reference Price which is a price announced or published by an Exchange 
(other than in respect of Bullion), a day that is (or would have been, but for the occurrence of a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event) a day on which that Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time, 
(ii) for each Commodity Reference Price which is not a price announced or published by an Exchange 
(other than in respect of Bullion), a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source publishes (or 
would have published, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event) the relevant 
price, (iii) for each Commodity Reference Price in respect of Bullion, a Bullion Business Day, or (iv) 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Index means, in relation to a Commodity Linked Security, each commodity index, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of a Relevant Commodity, the reference price as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined by the Calculation Agent. The specified 
Commodity Reference Price may be defined in the applicable Final Terms or be interpreted by 
reference to these Commodities Conditions. 
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the Relevant Commodity as specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified, that date or that month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified, the month of expiration of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified for the purpose of determining the Delivery Date, the date or month 
and year determined pursuant to that method. 
Exchange means, in respect of (i) a Relevant Commodity, each exchange or principal trading market 
specified for such Relevant Commodity in the applicable Final Terms or the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price, or (ii) an Index Component, each exchange or trading market if any, on which such 
Index Component is principally traded or quoted as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Futures Contract means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future delivery 
of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Relevant Commodity referred 
to in that Commodity Reference Price. 
Index Business Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index and an Index Reference Price, the 
following (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) a day:

--- Page 473 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
473 
 
 
(i) 
when the Calculation Agent is open for business in London and New York; and 
(ii) 
with respect to Index Components which are Exchange-traded, on which all such Exchanges 
are (or, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and 
(iii) 
with respect to Index Components which are not Exchange-traded, on which the relevant Price 
Source publishes (or would have published, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Market 
Disruption Event) a settlement price (or other relevant reference price) for such Index 
Component. 
Index Component means, in relation to a Commodity Index and any relevant date: 
(i) 
each of the futures contracts and/or over-the-counter contracts (whether swaps, forwards or 
otherwise) in relation to each commodity which, as at that date, comprise that Commodity 
Index or to which that Commodity Index directly or indirectly relates; and 
(ii) 
each commodities index or other asset or reference basis comprising that Commodity Index 
or to which that Commodity Index relates. 
Index Reference Price means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the settlement price of the index (or 
other reference price or level) as specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to a Commodity Index, the corporation or entity that is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures, and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to the Commodity Index (or any Successor Sponsor, with respect to a Successor Index) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nearby Month means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Pricing Date, when preceded by a numerical 
adjective, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so 
that, for example, (i) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract 
to expire following that Pricing Date; (ii) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of 
the second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (iii) "Sixth Nearby Month" 
means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date. 
Price Source means, (i) in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the publication (or such other 
origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices 
from which the Specified Price is calculated), as specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
or the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) in respect of an Index Component, the publication (or such other 
origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the settlement price for such 
Index Component (or other relevant price or prices, including any price from which such price is 
calculated), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Pricing Date means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price or Index Reference Price, as the case 
may be, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which date is a day in respect of 
which a Relevant Commodity Price is to be determined (such date may be a "Strike Date", a "Valuation 
Date", an "Observation Date" or any other descriptive term identified as such, as set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Relevant Commodity means, in respect of a Commodity Linked Security, the commodity specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (and, if more than one commodity is specified, then each such 
commodity), whether such commodity is traded on an Exchange, traded on over-the-counter markets 
or otherwise.

--- Page 474 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
474 
 
 
Relevant Commodity Price means, in respect of a Relevant Commodity or Commodity Index, for 
any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the Relevant Commodity or the settlement 
price (or other reference price or level) of the Commodity Index, determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to that Pricing Date for the specified Commodity Reference Price or Index Reference 
Price, as the case may be. 
Specified Price means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Specified Price can be any of the following prices (which must be a price 
reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source): (i) the high price; (ii) the low price; (iii) the average of the high price and the low price; (iv) 
the closing price; (v) the opening price; (vi) the bid price; (vii) the asked price; (viii) the average of 
the bid price and the asked price; (ix) the settlement price; (x) the official settlement price; (xi) the 
official price; (xii) the morning fixing; (xiii) the afternoon fixing; (xiv) the spot price; or (xv) any other 
price. 
Successor Index means, in respect of a Commodity Index, (i) the Commodity Index as calculated and 
announced by a successor or replacement sponsor (a Successor Sponsor) acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) a successor or replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of 
the Commodity Index. 
Trade Date means, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Relevant Commodity Price (or a method for determining the foregoing), taking into 
consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other 
information that it deems relevant. 
Commodity Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Relevant Commodity, an event that 
would give rise, in accordance with an applicable Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Commodity Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price were 
the event to occur or exist on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for 
that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). In 
relation to any Relevant Commodity, each of the following is a "Commodity Market Disruption 
Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Trading Disruption; 
(iii) 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(iv) 
Material Change in Formula; 
(v) 
Material Change in Content; or 
(vi) 
any Additional Commodity Market Disruption Events specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Bullion the Commodity Market Disruption Events set 
forth in (iv) and (v) above shall not apply.

--- Page 475 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
475 
 
 
Delayed Publication or Announcement means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback in relation to any 
Relevant Commodity, that the Relevant Commodity Price for a Pricing Date will be determined based 
on the Specified Price in respect of the original day scheduled as such Pricing Date that is published 
or announced by the relevant Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business 
Day on which the Commodity Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Commodity Market 
Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and including the original day that would 
otherwise have been the Pricing Date), or the Relevant Commodity Price continues to be unavailable, 
for five (5) consecutive Commodity Business Days, in which case the next Disruption Fallback will 
apply. 
Disruption Fallback means, in relation to a Relevant Commodity, a source or method that may give 
rise to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Commodity Price in respect of a specified 
Commodity Reference Price when a Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day 
that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). A Disruption Fallback is applicable 
(in the order specified, if any) if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Disruption 
Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following Disruption Fallbacks shall be deemed 
to have been specified (in the following order): 
(i) 
first, Fallback Reference Price (if applicable); 
(ii) 
second, Delayed Publication or Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other); provided, however, that the price determined by Postponement 
shall be the Relevant Commodity Price only if Delayed Publication or Announcement does 
not first yield a Relevant Commodity Price within the relevant five (5) consecutive 
Commodity Business Day period); and then 
(iii) 
third, Calculation Agent Determination. 
The Issuer may also specify in the applicable Final Terms any other "Disruption Fallbacks" that will 
apply to a particular series of Commodity Linked Securities and the relevant order in which they are 
to be applied. 
Subject to so specifying in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to treat certain Pricing 
Dates such that the Disruption Fallback in (ii) above shall be replaced in its entirety with Preceding. 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price means, (i) the permanent discontinuation of trading, 
in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (ii) the disappearance of, or of trading in, 
the Relevant Commodity; or (iii) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status 
of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity. 
Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Relevant Commodity Price based on the price in relation to that Pricing Date of the first 
alternate Commodity Reference Price, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms and not subject 
to a Commodity Market Disruption Event. If no Fallback Reference Price is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the next Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Material Change in Content means, the occurrence since the Trade Date of the Commodity Linked 
Security of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the Relevant Commodity 
or relevant Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means, the occurrence since the Trade Date of the Commodity Linked 
Security of a material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price.

--- Page 476 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
476 
 
 
Postponement means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, that the Pricing Date will, for purposes of 
the application of this Disruption Fallback only, in relation to any Relevant Commodity, be deemed 
to be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day on which the Commodity Market Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, unless that Commodity Market Disruption Event continues to exist for five (5) 
consecutive Commodity Business Days (measured from and including the original day that would 
otherwise have been the Pricing Date) in which case the next Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Preceding means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, that the Pricing Date will, for purposes of the 
application of this Disruption Fallback only, in relation to any Relevant Commodity, be deemed to be 
the immediately preceding Commodity Business Day prior to the original day that would otherwise 
have been the Pricing Date, provided that where a Commodity Market Disruption Event has been in 
existence for five (5) consecutive preceding Commodity Business Days (measured from and including 
the original Pricing Date), the next Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Price Source Disruption means, (i) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price; or (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
the Price Source. 
Trading Disruption means, the material suspension of, or a material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity on the Exchange or in any additional futures 
contract, options contract or commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For these purposes: 
(i) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity on any 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(1) 
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity is suspended for the 
entire Pricing Date; or 
(2) 
all trading in the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity is suspended 
subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, and trading does not 
recommence at least ten (10) minutes prior to, and continue until, the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or such Relevant Commodity on 
such Pricing Date; and 
(ii) 
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity on any Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(1) 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the 
Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or 
settlement price of the Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity on such Pricing 
Date is at the upper or lower limit of that range; or 
(2) 
if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the 
Futures Contract or the Relevant Commodity may fluctuate, and the price of that 
Futures Contract or Relevant Commodity on a Pricing Date has, at any time during 
the last ten (10) minutes prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such 
Futures Contract or Relevant Commodity on such Pricing Date, traded at the upper or 
lower limit of such range.

--- Page 477 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
477 
 
 
3. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks for a 
Commodity Index 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Relevant Commodity Price or the price for an Index Component, as applicable (or 
a method for determining the foregoing), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for 
the relevant Index Reference Price or Index Component, as applicable, and any other information that 
it deems relevant. 
Commodity Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Index and its Index 
Components, as applicable, an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable Disruption 
Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Commodity Price in respect of a 
Commodity Index (and/or its Index Components) were the event to occur or exist on a day that is a 
Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the Price Source). In relation to a Commodity Index, each of 
the following is a "Commodity Market Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Trading Disruption; or 
(iii) 
any Additional Commodity Market Disruption Events specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Delayed Publication or Announcement means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback in relation to any 
Commodity Index, that the relevant price for an Index Component for a Pricing Date will be 
determined based on the settlement price (or other reference price if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in respect of the original day scheduled as such Pricing Date that is published or announced 
by the relevant Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding Index Business Day on which the 
Commodity Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, if applicable with respect to such Index 
Component, unless that Commodity Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and 
including the original day that would otherwise have been the Pricing Date), or the relevant price for 
the Index Component continues to be unavailable, for five (5) consecutive Index Business Days, in 
which case the next Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Disruption Fallback means, in relation to a Commodity Index, a source or method that may give rise 
to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Commodity Price in respect of a Commodity Index 
(and/or its Index Components) when a Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day 
that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). A Disruption Fallback is applicable 
(in the order specified, if any) if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Disruption 
Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following Disruption Fallbacks shall be deemed 
to have been specified (in the following order): 
(i) 
with respect to each Index Component which is not affected by the Commodity Market 
Disruption Event, the Relevant Commodity Price of the Commodity Index will be based on 
the settlement price (or other reference price if specified in the applicable Final Terms) of each 
such Index Component in relation to the Pricing Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Index Component which is affected by the Commodity Market Disruption 
Event, the Relevant Commodity Price of the Commodity Index will be based on the settlement 
price (or other reference price if specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such Index 
Component determined by application of the following fallback provisions (in the following 
order):

--- Page 478 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
478 
 
 
(1) 
first, Delayed Publication or Announcement (in relation to Price Source Disruption 
only) and Postponement (in relation to Trading Disruption only); and then 
(2) 
second, Calculation Agent Determination. 
The Issuer may also specify in the applicable Final Terms any other "Disruption Fallbacks" 
that will apply to a particular series of Commodity Linked Securities and the relevant order in 
which they are to be applied. 
Subject to so specifying in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to treat certain 
Pricing Dates such that the Disruption Fallback in (ii)(1) above shall be replaced in its entirety 
with Preceding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a Pricing Date which is during an official roll 
period of a Commodity Index (as a result of which the Index Components include futures 
contracts with two different delivery dates for the same commodity), where the event or 
occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event affects one, but not both, such Index 
Components for a commodity, the relevant price of the futures contracts not affected by the 
Commodity Market Disruption Event shall be determined pursuant to (i) above, and the 
affected futures contracts shall be determined pursuant to (ii) above. 
Postponement means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, that the Pricing Date will, for purposes of 
the application of this Disruption Fallback only, in relation to any Index Component of a Commodity 
Index, be deemed to be the first succeeding Index Business Day on which the Commodity Market 
Disruption Event ceases to exist, if applicable with respect to such Index Component, unless that 
Commodity Market Disruption Event continues to exist for five (5) consecutive Index Business Days 
(measured from and including the original day that would otherwise have been the Pricing Date) in 
which case the next Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Preceding means, in respect of a Disruption Fallback, that the Pricing Date will, for purposes of the 
application of this Disruption Fallback only, in relation to any Index Component of a Commodity 
Index, be deemed to be the immediately preceding Index Business Day prior to the original day that 
would otherwise have been the Pricing Date, provided that where a Commodity Market Disruption 
Event, if applicable with respect to such Index Component has been in existence for five (5) 
consecutive preceding Index Business Days (measured from and including the original Pricing Date), 
the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply. 
Price Source Disruption means, the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the settlement 
price for any Index Component (or other relevant price, or prices from which such price is calculated, 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
Trading Disruption means (as determined by the Calculation Agent) a material suspension of, or a 
material limitation imposed on, trading in any Index Component. Without limiting the exercise of 
judgment by the Calculation Agent, the following events will generally be deemed to constitute a 
Trading Disruption: 
(i) 
all trading in an Index Component is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of an Index 
Component may fluctuate, and the closing or settlement price of that Index Component on a 
Pricing Date is at the upper or lower limit of such range; 
(iii) 
all trading in the Index Component is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the 
Pricing Date, and trading does not recommence at least ten (10) minutes prior to, and continue

--- Page 479 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
479 
 
 
until, the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Index Component on such Pricing Date; 
or 
(iv) 
if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of an Index 
Component may fluctuate, and the price of that Index Component on a Pricing Date has, at 
any time during the last ten (10) minutes prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in 
such Index Component on such Pricing Date, traded at the upper or lower limit of such range. 
4. 
Definitions Relating to Additional Disruption Events 
Additional Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Linked Security each of (i) 
Change in Law, (ii) Hedging Disruption Event, (iii) Increased Costs of Hedging, and (iv) any other 
event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (i) due to any action, adoption or any change 
in (or the announcement of the intention to take any action or make an adoption that could result in 
any change in) any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or any 
order, ruling, rule or procedure of any regulatory or tax authority or exchange (each, an Applicable 
Regulation) or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal, other judicial, legislative or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction in relation to 
any Applicable Regulation (including, without limitation, any action taken by a taxing authority, the 
United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), or exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended): 
(i) 
the Issuer determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that it has or may become illegal for 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire, deal in or dispose of the Hedge Positions 
relating to the Commodity Linked Securities, or 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing their obligations under the Commodity 
Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on their tax position). 
Hedging Disruption Event: means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has or will become 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Positions (whether in whole or in part) relating to the 
Commodity Linked Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedge 
Positions. 
Hedge Positions means, any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) positions or 
contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, foreign exchange or other assets, or (ii) other 
instruments, arrangements or transactions (howsoever described) by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, in a manner acceptable to the hedging party, individually or on a portfolio basis or 
otherwise, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Commodity Linked Securities. 
Increased Costs of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has or will incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
cost, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Positions (whether in whole or in part) with 
respect to the Commodity Linked Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Costs 
of Hedging.

--- Page 480 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
480 
 
 
5. 
Definitions Relating to Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event means an Index Cancellation, Index Disruption, Index 
Modification or Index Restriction Event. 
Index Cancellation means that the Commodity Index is permanently cancelled or the Index Sponsor 
announces its intention to permanently cancel the Index or that it will no longer calculate and announce 
the relevant Index Reference Price utilised in relation to the Commodity Linked Securities and no 
Successor Index exists. 
Index Disruption means that the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and/or announce the relevant Index 
Reference Price in relation to the Commodity Linked Securities (a) at any time following the Trade 
Date for a continuous period of ten (10) Index Business Day and/or (b) in respect of any Pricing Date 
or any other day on which the Calculation Agent would otherwise be required to determine the Index 
Reference Price. 
Index Modification means that the Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Commodity Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the Commodity Index. 
Index Replacement Criteria means either (i) in the case of Exempt Securities only, the Index 
Replacement Criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or (ii) in the case of Non-Exempt 
Securities or any Exempt Securities for which no Index Replacement Criteria are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the requirement that when selecting a replacement Commodity Index 
the Calculation Agent shall ensure that such replacement index uses, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the level of the Commodity Index that is being replaced. 
Index Restriction Event means the occurrence of circumstances in which (i) the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person using a Commodity Index or a combination of Commodity 
Indices in connection with the Securities is prevented from using or (ii) it is not commercially 
reasonable for any such entity to continue the use of such Commodity Index or combination of 
Commodity Indices, in each case as a result of: 
(i) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or 
(ii) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any 
such other person is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations 
in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed 
or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
6. 
Certain General Definitions Relating to Commodity Reference Prices 
(a) 
Rolling and Commodity Reference Prices 
Commodity futures contracts normally have stated expirations and, at a specified point in time prior 
to such expiration, trading in a specific commodity futures contract for the current delivery month will 
cease. In addition, commodities futures contracts will usually specify a date certain for, or a period 
during which, delivery of the underlying physical commodity can be made; these "notice" days (or 
"notice period") relating to delivery can be on or begin before, after or even on the date of expiration 
of the futures contract. As a result, a market participant wishing to maintain its exposure to a futures 
contract on a particular commodity with the nearest expiration must close out its position in the 
expiring contract and establish a new position in the contract for the next delivery month – taking into 
account the relevant notice days so that physical delivery of the commodity is not triggered – in a

--- Page 481 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
481 
 
 
process referred to as "rolling". Market participants will routinely roll their futures positions in 
commodities, whether for outright investment purposes or in relation to hedging. 
For example, a market participant has a long position in Cocoa-NYBOT May 2010 futures, the last 
trading day for these futures is 15 May 2010 and the first notice day relating to delivery is several 
weeks before on 20 April 2010. If the market participant wishes to maintain a position in the nearest 
delivery month then it will, as the May contract nears the first notice day, sell May futures, which 
serves to close out the existing long position, and buy July 2010 futures (July is the next Cocoa-
NYBOT contract). This will "roll" the May position into a July position, and, when the May contract 
expires, the market participant will still have a long position in the nearest delivery month without 
having incurred any delivery obligations in relation to the May contract. 
In cases where the first notice day for physical delivery relating to a commodity is on the same day as 
the last trading day, a market participant will take into account any liquidity issues in the relevant 
futures contract when deciding when it will roll its position. In some cases, there will be significant 
liquidity up until the last trading day and in others the opposite effect will take place, all of which will 
depend on the specific commodity in question and market conditions. 
As a result of the foregoing, and with consideration to the Issuer's (or its Affiliates') hedging policy in 
relation to any Commodity Linked Security, the Commodity Reference Prices for certain commodities 
will provide for "rolling" provisions where a Pricing Date is within a notice period or on the last trading 
day of the relevant futures contract. These provisions will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(as demonstrated in the examples set forth below) in conjunction with the use of the following defined 
terms: 
First Notice Day means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the first day on which notice may 
be given for delivery of the commodity under such Futures Contract, as published by the relevant 
Exchange. 
Last Trading Day means, in respect of the relevant Futures Contract, the final day during which 
trading may take place in such Futures Contract, as published by the relevant Exchange. 
Last Trading Day Provisions (1st) means, that if a Pricing Date falls on the Last Trading Day of the 
expiring Futures Contract for the relevant Delivery Date, then the Specified Price of such Futures 
Contract (and not that of the immediately following Futures Contract) shall be used. 
Last Trading Day Provisions (2nd) means, that if a Pricing Date falls on the Last Trading Day of 
the expiring Futures Contract for the relevant Delivery Date, then the Specified Price of the 
immediately following Futures Contract to expire after such Pricing Date shall be used. 
Roll Provisions means, that if a Pricing Date: 
(i) 
falls in the period from, and including, the First Notice Day to, but excluding, the Last Trading 
Day of a Futures Contract for the relevant Delivery Date then the Specified Price of the second 
Futures Contract to expire immediately following such Pricing Date shall be used; or 
(ii) 
is on the Last Trading Day of the expiring Futures Contract for a relevant Delivery Date then 
the Specified Price of the immediately following Futures Contract to expire after such Pricing 
Date shall be used. 
Example Commodity Reference Prices; Rolling 
Relevant 
Commodity 
Commodity 
Reference Price 
Specified Price 
Delivery Date

--- Page 482 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
482 
 
 
GOLD 
GOLD-P.M. FIX 
n/a 
n/a 
WTI 
OIL-WTI-NYMEX 
Settlement 
Price 
First Nearby Month (subject to 
Last Trading Day Provisions 
(1st)) 
CORN 
CORN-CBOT 
Settlement 
Price 
First Nearby Month (subject to 
Roll Provisions) 
(b) 
Price Sources 
(i) 
APPI which means the Asian Petroleum Price Index, or any successor report, prepared by 
KPMG Corporate Services Limited, Hong Kong or its successor and reported on the Energy 
Market Information Service or its successor; 
(ii) 
Argus means Argus European Natural Gas, or any successor publication, published by Argus 
Media Limited or its successor; 
(iii) 
Argus/McCloskey's and Argus/McCloskey's Coal Price Index Report each means the 
Argus/McCloskey's Coal Price Index Report, or any successor publication, published by 
Argus Media Limited, or its successor, and The McCloskey Group Limited, or its successor; 
(iv) 
Dow Jones Power and Dow Jones Energy Service – Dow Jones Electricity Price Indexes 
each means the Dow Jones Energy Service - Dow Jones Electricity Price Indexes, or any 
successor indexes, published by Dow Jones Newswires, a division of Dow Jones & Company, 
Inc., or its successor; 
(v) 
globalCOAL means globalCOAL, or its successor, which reports market prices on its website 
at http://www.globalcoal.com, or its successor; 
(vi) 
Heren means European Spot Gas Markets, or any successor publication, published by Heren 
Energy Ltd., or its successor; 
(vii) 
OMEL means the Operador del Mercado Iberico de Energia - Polo Espanol, S.A., or its 
successor, which reports market prices on its website-at www.omel.es, or its successor; 
(viii) 
Platts Marketwire means Platts Crude Oil Marketwire, or any successor publication, 
published by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc., or its successor; 
(ix) 
Powernext means Powernext S.A., or its successor, which reports market prices on its website 
at www.powernext.fr, or its successor. 
(c) 
Exchanges and Principal Trading Markets 
(i) 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V., or its successor, which reports market 
prices on its website at www.apx.nl, or its successor; 
(ii) 
CBOT means the Chicago Board of Trade, or its successor; 
(iii) 
CME means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, or its successor; 
(iv) 
COMEX means the COMEX Division, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc., or its successor;

--- Page 483 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
483 
 
 
(v) 
EEX means the European Energy Exchange AG, or its successor, which reports market prices 
on its website at www.eex.de, or its successor; 
(vi) 
EURONEXT LIFFE means Euronext B.V. London International Financial Futures and 
Options Exchange, or its successor; 
(vii) 
ICE Futures or IPE means ICE Futures, a wholly owned subsidiary of Intercontinental 
Exchange, or its successor; 
(viii) 
KCBOT means the Kansas City Board of Trade, or its successor; 
(ix) 
LEBA means The London Energy Brokers' Association, or its successor; 
(x) 
LME means The London Metal Exchange Limited, or its successor; 
(xi) 
London Gold Market means the market in London on which members of The London 
Bullion Market Association (LBMA), amongst other things, quote prices for the buying and 
selling of Gold; 
(xii) 
London Silver Market means the market in London on which members of LBMA, amongst 
other things, quote prices for the buying and selling of Silver; 
(xiii) 
LPPM means The London Platinum and Palladium Market in London on which members 
quote prices for the buying and selling of Platinum and Palladium; 
(xiv) 
MDEX means the Malaysian Derivatives Exchange, or its successor; 
(xv) 
NYBOT means the New York Board of Trade, or its successor; 
(xvi) 
NYMEX means the NYMEX Division, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc. or its successor; 
(xvii) SICOM means the Singapore Commodity Exchange Limited, or its successor; 
(xviii) TOCOM means The Tokyo Commodity Exchange, or its successor.

--- Page 484 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
484 
 
 
PART C – CERTAIN COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICES AND INDEX REFERENCE PRICES 
Subject to Parts A and B of this Annex, for purposes of determining the Relevant Commodity Price for a 
Relevant Commodity or Commodity Index, certain Commodity Reference Prices and Index Reference Prices 
are set forth below. 
In addition, where a Commodity Reference Price is not set forth below in respect of a commodity, then such 
Commodity Reference Price shall be as set forth in the relevant Final Terms, specifying: (1) the Relevant 
Commodity (including, if relevant, the type or grade of that commodity, the location of delivery and any other 
details); (2) the relevant unit of measure; (3) the relevant Price Source; (4) the relevant currency in which the 
Specified Price is expressed; (5) the Specified Price; and if applicable (6) the Delivery Date, in which case 
the price for any relevant date will be that day's Specified Price per unit of measure of that commodity as 
announced, published or otherwise shown by the relevant Price Source on that date (or in respect of prices 
effective on that date). 
And, where an Index Reference Price is not set forth below in respect of a Commodity Index, then such 
Commodity Index shall be as set forth in the relevant Final Terms, specifying: (1) the Commodity Index; (2) 
the relevant Price Source; (3) the relevant currency in which the Index Reference Price is expressed; and (4) 
the relevant reference price (or level) of the Commodity Index, in which case the price for any relevant date 
will be that day's specified reference price (or level) for that Commodity Index as announced, published or 
otherwise shown by the relevant Price Source on that date (or in respect of prices effective on that date). 
1. 
Agricultural 
(a) 
Cocoa 
COCOA-NYBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per metric 
ton of deliverable grade cocoa beans on the NYBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
as made public by the NYBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "CC1 Comdty <GO>" on 
that Pricing Date. 
(b) 
Coffee 
(i) 
COFFEE ARABICA-NYBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per pound of deliverable grade washed Arabica coffee on the NYBOT of the 
Futures Contract, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the NYBOT and displayed on 
Bloomberg Screen page "KC1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
COFFEE ROBUSTA-EURONEXT LIFFE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per pound of deliverable grade robusta coffee on EURONEXT 
LIFFE of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the EURONEXT 
LIFFE and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "DF2 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(c) 
Corn 
CORN-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per bushel of 
deliverable grade corn on the CBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by 
the CBOT and displayed on "C 1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date.

--- Page 485 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
485 
 
 
(d) 
Cotton 
COTTON NO. 2-NYBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per pound of deliverable grade cotton No. 2 on the NYBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. 
cents, as made public by the NYBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "CT1 Comdty <GO>" 
on that Pricing Date. 
(e) 
Livestock 
(i) 
FEEDER CATTLE-CME means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per pound of deliverable grade medium and large frame #1 feeder steers on the CME of 
the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the CME and displayed on 
Bloomberg Screen page "FC1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
LIVE CATTLE-CME means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per pound of deliverable grade live steers on the CME of the Futures Contract, stated in 
U.S. cents, as made public by the CME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LC1 
Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(iii) 
LEAN HOGS-CME means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per pound of deliverable grade lean value hog carcasses on the CME of the Futures Contract, 
stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the CME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page 
"LH1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(f) 
Milk 
MILK-CLASS III-CME means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
100 pounds of deliverable grade Class III milk on the CME of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by the CME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "DA1 Comdty <GO>" 
on that Pricing Date. 
(g) 
Orange Juice 
FROZEN CONCENTRATED ORANGE JUICE NO. 1-NYBOT means that the price for a Pricing 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per pound of deliverable grade orange solids on the NYBOT of 
the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the NYBOT and displayed on Bloomberg 
Screen page "JO1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(h) 
Palm Oil 
CPO-MDEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per metric ton 
of deliverable grade crude palm oil on the MDEX of the Futures Contract, stated in Malaysian Ringgit, 
as made public by the MDEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "KO3 Comdty <GO>" on that 
Pricing Date. 
(i) 
Rice 
RICE-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
hundredweight of deliverable grade rough rice on the CBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, as made public by the CBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "RR1 Comdty <GO>" 
on that Pricing Date.

--- Page 486 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
486 
 
 
(j) 
Soybeans 
(i) 
SOYBEAN MEAL-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per ton of deliverable grade soybean meal on the CBOT of the Futures Contract, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the CBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "SM1 
Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
SOYBEAN OIL-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per pound of deliverable grade crude soybean oil on the CBOT of the Futures Contract, 
stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the CBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page 
"BO1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(iii) 
SOYBEANS-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per bushel of deliverable grade soybeans on CBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. 
cents, as made public by the CBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "S 1 Comdty 
<GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(k) 
Sugar 
SUGAR #11 (WORLD)-NYBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per pound of deliverable grade cane sugar on the NYBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. 
cents, as made public by the NYBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "SB1 Comdty <GO>" 
on that Pricing Date. 
(l) 
Wheat 
(i) 
WHEAT-CBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the Futures Contract, stated in U.S. cents, 
as made public by the CBOT and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "W 1 Comdty <GO>" 
on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
WHEAT HRW-KCBOT means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per bushel of deliverable grade hard red winter wheat on the KCBOT of the Futures 
Contract, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the KCBOT and displayed on Bloomberg 
Screen page "KW1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
2. 
Energy 
(a) 
Gas Oil 
GAS OIL-ICE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per metric 
ton of gas oil on the ICE of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made 
public by the ICE and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "QS1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing 
Date. 
(b) 
Gasoline 
RBOB GASOLINE-NEW YORK-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per gallon of New York Harbor RBOB unleaded gasoline on the NYMEX of the 
Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and 
displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "XB1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date.

--- Page 487 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
487 
 
 
(c) 
Heating Oil 
HEATING OIL-NEW YORK-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per gallon of New York Harbor No. 2 heating oil on the NYMEX of the Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed 
on Bloomberg Screen page "HO1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(d) 
Natural Gas 
(i) 
NATURAL GAS-HENRY HUB-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be 
that day's Specified Price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by 
the NYMEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "NG1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing 
Date. 
(ii) 
UK NATURAL GAS-ICE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per therm of natural gas on the ICE of the UK Natural Gas Futures Contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in pence, as made public by the ICE and displayed on Bloomberg Screen 
page "FN1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(e) 
Oil 
(i) 
OIL-WTI-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per barrel of West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil on the NYMEX of the Futures 
Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and 
displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "CL1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
OIL-BRENT-ICE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per barrel of Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the ICE and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page 
"CO1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(f) 
Coal 
(i) 
COAL-API 2 means that the price for a relevant date, will be that day's price per tonne of 
steam coal, 6,000 kcal/kg, up to 1 per cent. sulphur NAR basis, cif ARA, stated in U.S. Dollars, 
for swaps on the calendar month of the month following such date as determined by 
Argus/McCloskey and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "API22MON MCCL Index" on 
that relevant date. 
(ii) 
COAL-TFS API 2-ARGUS/MCCLOSKEY'S means that the price for a relevant date will 
be the previous week's official price (currently published each Friday) or, if determined on a 
Friday, the weekly official price published on such day per tonne of steam coal 6,000 kcal/kg, 
up to 1 per cent. sulphur NAR basis, cif ARA, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the 
heading "International Coal Indexes incorporating the TFS APITM Indices: Monthly Coal 
Price Indexes: TFS API2 (cif ARA)" in the issue of Argus/McCloskey's Coal Price Index 
Report that reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(iii) 
COAL-API 4 means that the price for a relevant date, will be that day's price per tonne of 
steam coal, 6,000 kcal/kg, up to 1 per cent. sulphur NAR basis, fob Richards Bay, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, for swaps on the calendar month of the month following such date as determined 
by Argus/McCloskey and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "API42MON MCCL Index" 
on that relevant date.

--- Page 488 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
488 
 
 
(iv) 
COAL-TFS API 4-ARGUS/MCCLOSKEY'S means that the price for a relevant date will 
be the previous week's official price (currently published each Friday) or, if determined on a 
Friday, the weekly official price published on such day per tonne of steam coal 6,000 kcal/kg, 
up to 1 per cent. sulphur NAR basis, fob Richards Bay, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under 
the heading "International Coal Indexes incorporating the TFS APITM Indices: Monthly Coal 
Price Indexes: TFS API4 (fob Richards Bay)" in the issue of Argus/McCloskey's Coal Price 
Index Report that reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(v) 
COAL-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
tonne of steam coal on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "QZ1 
Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(g) 
Emissions 
EUA-ICE means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per tonne of EU 
Allowance on the ICE of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in Euros, as made public 
by the ICE and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page contract table "MOA Comdty CT <GO>" on that 
Pricing Date. 
(h) 
Electricity 
ELECTRICITY-GERMAN-BASE-YEAR-EEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per MWh of base electricity on the EEX of the Futures Contract, stated in Euros, 
as made public by the EEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "HP1 Comdty <GO>" on that 
Pricing Date. 
(i) 
Uranium 
URANIUM OXIDE-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per pound of Uranium on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract, stated in Euros, as made public 
by the NYMEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "UXA1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing 
Date. 
3. 
Metals 
(a) 
Aluminium 
ALUMINIUM-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per tonne of high grade Primary Aluminium on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LOAHDY Comdty 
<GO>" that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(b) 
Copper 
COPPER-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
tonne of Copper Grade A on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as 
determined by the LME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LOCADY Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(c) 
Gold 
(i) 
GOLD-A.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's morning Gold 
fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the London Gold

--- Page 489 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
489 
 
 
Market Fixing Limited and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "GOLDLNAM Comdty 
<GO>" that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
GOLD-P.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's afternoon Gold 
fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated by the London Gold 
Market Fixing Limited and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "GOLDLNPM Comdty 
<GO>" that displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(iii) 
GOLD-COMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as made public by the COMEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "GC1 
Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(d) 
Lead 
LEAD-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
tonne of Standard Lead on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as 
determined by the LME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LOPBDY Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(e) 
Nickel 
NICKEL-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per 
tonne of Primary Nickel on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as 
determined by the LME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LONIDY Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(f) 
Palladium 
(i) 
PALLADIUM-A.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's morning 
Palladium fixing price per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in Zurich through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated 
by the LPPM and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "PLDMLNAM Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
PALLADIUM-P.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's afternoon 
Palladium fixing price per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in Zurich through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated 
by the LPPM and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "PLDMLNPM Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(iii) 
PALLADIUM-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per troy ounce gross of Palladium on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on 
Bloomberg Screen page "PA1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(g) 
Platinum 
(i) 
PLATINUM-A.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's morning 
Platinum fixing price per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in Zurich through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated 
by the LPPM and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "PLTMLNAM Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date.

--- Page 490 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
490 
 
 
(ii) 
PLATINUM-P.M. FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's afternoon 
Platinum fixing price per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in Zurich through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated 
by the LPPM and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "PLTMLNPM Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(iii) 
PLATINUM-NYMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified 
Price per troy ounce of Platinum on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract for the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX and displayed on Bloomberg 
Screen page "PL1 Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(h) 
Silver 
(i) 
SILVER-COMEX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price 
per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for the Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. cents, as made public by the COMEX and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "SI1 
Comdty <GO>" on that Pricing Date. 
(ii) 
SILVER-FIX means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Silver fixing price per 
troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to 
effect such delivery, stated in U.S. cents, as calculated by the London Silver Market Fixing 
Limited and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "SLVRLN Comdty <GO>" that displays 
prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
(i) 
Tin 
TIN-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per tonne 
of Tin on the LME for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and 
displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LOSNDY Comdty <GO>" that displays prices effective on that 
Pricing Date. 
(j) 
Zinc 
ZINC-LME CASH means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price per tonne 
of Special High Grade Zinc on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as 
determined by the LME and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "LOZSDY Comdty <GO>" that 
displays prices effective on that Pricing Date. 
4. 
Platts 
(a) 
OIL-DUBAI–PLATTS MARKETWIRE means that the price for a relevant date will be that day's 
average of the high and low price per barrel of Dubai crude oil for the first Nearby Contract to expire 
following such date, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Key benchmarks" in the 
issue of Platts Crude Oil Marketwire that reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(b) 
JET FUEL-ASIA-PACIFIC (KERO)–PLATTS ASIA-PACIFIC means that the price for a 
relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per barrel of Jet Fuel, stated in U.S. 
Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Singapore: Kerosene" in the issue of Platts 
Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(c) 
JET FUEL-BARGES FOB ROTTERDAM–PLATTS EUROPEAN means that the price for a 
relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of Jet Fuel, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Rotterdam: Jet" in the issue of Platts European 
Marketscan that reports prices effective on that relevant date.

--- Page 491 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
491 
 
 
(d) 
JET FUEL-CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA- PLATTS EUROPEAN means that the price for 
a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of Jet Fuel, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "CIF NWE/Basis ARA: Jet" in the issue of Platts 
European Marketscan that reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(e) 
GAS OIL-0.5 SINGAPORE–PLATTS ASIA-PACIFIC means that the price for a relevant date will 
be that day's average of the high and low price per barrel of gas oil with a sulphur content of up to 0.5 
per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Singapore: Gasoil Reg 0.5 per 
cent. Sulfur" in the issue of Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices effective on 
that relevant date. 
(f) 
GAS OIL–0.2 PER CENT.–FOB MED (ITALY)–PLATTS EUROPEAN means that the price for 
a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of gas oil with a 
sulphur content of up to 0.2 per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Med 
(Italy): Gasoil 0.2 per cent." in the issue of Platts European Marketscan that reports prices effective 
on that relevant date. 
(g) 
GAS OIL–0.1 PER CENT.–CARGOES CIF NWE/BASIS ARA–PLATTS EUROPEAN means 
that the price for a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne 
of gas oil with a sulphur content of up to 0.1 per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the 
heading "CIF NWE/Basis ARA: Gasoil 0.1 per cent." in the issue of Platts European Marketscan that 
reports prices effective on that relevant date. 
(h) 
FUEL OIL-180 CST SINGAPORE–PLATTS ASIA-PACIFIC means that the price for a relevant 
date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric ton of fuel oil with a viscosity of 
up to 180 centistoke, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Singapore: HSFO 180 
CST" in the issue of Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices effective on that 
relevant date. 
(i) 
FUEL OIL-380 CST SINGAPORE–PLATTS ASIA-PACIFIC means that the price for a relevant 
date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric ton of fuel oil with a viscosity of 
up to 380 centistoke, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB Singapore: HSFO 380 
CST" in the issue of Platts Asia-Pacific/Arab Gulf Marketscan that reports prices effective on that 
relevant date. 
(j) 
FUEL OIL–1 PER CENT.–CARGOES FOB NWE–PLATTS EUROPEAN means that the price 
for a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of fuel oil with 
a sulphur content of up to 1 per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB NWE: 
Fuel oil 1.0 per cent." in the issue of Platts European Marketscan that reports prices effective on that 
relevant date. 
(k) 
FUEL OIL–1 PER CENT.–BARGES FOB ROTTERDAM–PLATTS EUROPEAN means that 
the price for a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of 
fuel oil with a sulphur content of up to 1 per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading 
"FOB Rotterdam: Fuel oil 1.0 per cent." in the issue of Platts European Marketscan that reports prices 
effective on that relevant date. 
(l) 
FUEL OIL–3.5 PER CENT.–BARGES FOB ROTTERDAM–PLATTS EUROPEAN means that 
the price for a relevant date will be that day's average of the high and low price per metric tonne of 
with a sulphur content of up to 3.5 per cent., stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "FOB 
Rotterdam: Fuel oil 3.5 per cent." in the issue of Platts European Marketscan that reports prices 
effective on that relevant date.

--- Page 492 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
492 
 
 
5. 
Indices 
(a) 
S&P GSCI™ EXCESS RETURN means that the price for a relevant date will be that day's settlement 
price for the S&P GSCI™ Excess Return Index, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by Standard & Poor's 
or its successor, and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "SPGCCIP Index <GO>" that displays 
prices effective on that date. 
(b) 
DJ UBSCI™ EXCESS RETURN means that the price for a relevant date will be that day's settlement 
price for the DJ UBSCI™ Excess Return Index, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by Dow Jones & 
Company Inc., UBS AG, and CME Group Index Services, LLC, or their respective successors, and 
displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "DJUBS Index <GO>" that displays prices effective on that date. 
(c) 
RICI™-INDEX EXCESS RETURN means that the price for a relevant date will be that day's 
settlement price for the RICI™-Index Excess Return, stated in U.S. Dollars, calculated by CQG, Inc. 
or its successor, and displayed on Bloomberg Screen page "RICIGLER Index <GO>" that displays 
prices effective on that date.

--- Page 493 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
493 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Provisions relating to Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds ..................................................... 494 
2. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 494 
3. 
Fund Events ....................................................................................................................................... 497 
4. 
Consequences of a Fund Event.......................................................................................................... 503 
5. 
Maturity/ Coupon Payment Date/Settlement Date Extension ........................................................... 505 
6. 
Provisions relating to Exchange Traded Funds ................................................................................. 506 
7. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 506 
8. 
Disrupted Days .................................................................................................................................. 510 
9. 
Potential Adjustment Events ............................................................................................................. 511 
10. 
De-listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender 
Offer .................................................................................................................................................. 512 
11. 
Correction of Fund Share Prices........................................................................................................ 516 
12. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events ................................................................................ 516 
13. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions ...................................................................................................... 516 
14. 
Trigger Event Provisions ................................................................................................................... 518 
15. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 519 
16. 
Mandatory Early Termination ........................................................................................................... 520 
17. 
FX Disruption .................................................................................................................................... 521 
18. 
Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities .............................................................................................. 522 
19. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 522 
20. 
Amendments to Fund Linked Conditions.......................................................................................... 523 
21. 
Interpretation ..................................................................................................................................... 525

--- Page 494 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
494 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities only. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked 
N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities 
Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities set out below (the Fund 
Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked W&C Securities shall 
comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) and the Fund 
Linked Conditions, in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In the 
event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as 
applicable, and (ii) the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the Fund 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  References 
in the Fund Linked Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C 
Security" and "N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
Provisions relating to Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds 
Fund Linked Conditions 1 to 5 inclusive apply in respect of Securities relating to Funds other than 
Exchange Traded Funds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  For Exchange Traded Fund 
provisions see Fund Linked Conditions 6 to 12 inclusive. Fund Linked Condition 17 applies in respect 
of Securities relating to Exchange Traded Funds and/or Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Coupon Amounts or 
other values or amounts (in the case of Fund Linked N&C Securities) or the Cash Settlement Amount 
or other values or amounts (in the case of Fund Linked W&C Securities) as specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and this may be by 
reference to certain reported values of a Fund and/or a Final Price for a Fund as specified in Fund 
Linked Condition 2 or the applicable Final Terms.  In all cases the terms applicable to Fund Linked 
Securities are subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked Conditions 4 and 5 to take account 
of any Fund Event.  All determinations of the Calculation Agent under these Fund Linked Conditions 
shall be made acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the 
provisions of N&C Securities Condition 14 (in the case of N&C Securities) or W&C Securities 
Condition 8.2 (in the case of W&C Securities).  For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Fund 
Linked Conditions shall require the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) to 
monitor any Fund or Fund Interest on an on-going basis and no representation (express or 
implied) is made that there will be any such monitoring. 
Specific provisions in respect of Fund Linked Securities linked to the performance of a Fund Basket 
or a Mixed Basket shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Definitions 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity, directly or indirectly, under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, 'control' 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a day, in respect of which the related Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider, as applicable), according to the relevant Fund Documents or as 
otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent (and without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests or 
delay the determination of Fund values), determines (i) the value of the related Fund Interest or (ii) if 
the Fund only determines or reports its aggregate net asset value, such aggregate net asset value.

--- Page 495 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
495 
 
 
Final Fund Valuation Date means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the Scheduled Fund Settlement 
Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for calculating the redemption proceeds to be 
paid to the Hypothetical Investor for the redemption of the Final Relevant Holding. 
Final Price means, in respect of the Final Relevant Holding, an amount equal to the redemption 
proceeds per Fund Interest that the Calculation Agent determines would be received by the 
Hypothetical Investor in a situation where (a) the Hypothetical Investor requests redemption of the 
relevant Final Relevant Holding in full for valuation as of the Final Fund Valuation Date, (b) such 
request is made in a timely manner and (c) such redemption proceeds are net of all taxes, costs and 
expenses (determined on a per Fund Interest basis) which the Calculation Agent determines would be 
suffered or incurred by the Hypothetical Investor in connection with such redemption.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, such redemption proceeds may differ from the amounts which would be due under 
the terms of the Fund Documents and may be less than the net asset value per Fund Interest published 
by the Fund in respect of the Final Fund Valuation Date. 
Final Relevant Holding means the Relevant Holding as of the Final Valuation Date. 
Fund means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions, each entity, 
collective investment scheme, fund, trust, partnership or similar arrangement or undertaking specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms (and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Fund Administrator means in respect of a Fund each entity specified as such in relation to that Fund 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, each entity appointed in the role of the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for 
a Fund according to the relevant Fund Documents. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of a Fund, each entity specified as such in relation to that Fund in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, each entity appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser to that Fund (including a 
non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another 
non-discretionary investment adviser to that Fund). 
Fund Basket means a basket of Fund Interests if specified and as described in the applicable Final 
Terms or any Replacement Fund Interest(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
terms hereof. 
Fund Documents means the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements, 
prospectuses, offering documents (howsoever described) and other agreements of a Fund specifying 
the terms and conditions relating to the related Fund Interest.  
Fund Interest means, in respect of a Fund, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund 
Linked Conditions, each unit, share, partnership interest or other similar fund interest issued by or 
relating to a Fund as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Fund Publication Date means, with respect to a Fund Valuation Date, the earlier of (i) the date on 
which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider, as applicable) actually publishes the value for the 
relevant Fund Interest or its aggregate net asset value, as applicable, in respect of such Fund Valuation 
Date or otherwise communicates to the Calculation Agent such value and (ii) the Scheduled Fund 
Publication Date. 
Fund Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any Scheduled Fund 
Settlement Valuation Date, each date as of which a Fund (or its Fund Service Provider, as applicable) 
determines (after giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests) the net asset value of such Fund Interest for

--- Page 496 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
496 
 
 
purposes of calculating (i) the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid 
and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests in relation to the relevant Scheduled Fund 
Settlement Valuation Date or (ii) the subscription price per Fund Interest to be paid by an investor that 
has submitted a valid and timely notice for subscription of Fund Interests in relation to the relevant 
Scheduled Fund Settlement Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Fund Service Provider means any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, 
to a Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents, including without limitation any 
Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
Fund Valuation Date means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date(s), which as at the Trade Date 
is/are as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as of which the related Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider, as applicable), according to the relevant Fund Documents or as otherwise communicated to 
the Calculation Agent (and without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions 
permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests or delay the determination of Fund 
values), determines (i) the value of the related Fund Interest or (ii) if the Fund only determines or 
reports its aggregate net asset value, such aggregate net asset value. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in Fund Interests which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Interests at 
the relevant time.  The Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident 
or organised in any jurisdiction that the Calculation Agent may deem fit, and may be, without 
limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates or agents (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation).  However, no such party shall be under any 
obligation to invest in or hold any Fund Interests and nothing in this definition shall be construed as 
imposing any such requirement. 
Initial Fixing Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Fund Valuation Date means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the Scheduled Fund Settlement 
Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for calculation of the subscription price per 
Fund Interest to be paid by the Hypothetical Investor for the purchase of the Relevant Holding. 
Initial Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the subscription price per Fund Interest (including all costs or 
fees (if any)) effectively paid by the Hypothetical Investor pursuant to a valid and timely subscription 
order of Fund Interests with respect to the Initial Fund Valuation Date and the purchase of the Relevant 
Holding. 
Key Personnel means, in relation to a Fund, any entity or person as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not specified in the Final Terms, any key personnel of the relevant Fund or of its Fund 
Adviser as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Mixed Basket means a basket of one or more Fund Interests and any other assets if specified and as 
described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Holding means, in respect of a Fund, in relation to the Initial Fixing Date, a holding of such 
number or amount of Fund Interests per nominal amount or unit of N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount or per unit of W&C Security, as applicable, as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms which shall be deemed to be acquired by a Hypothetical Investor on the Initial Fixing Date.  On 
any day thereafter, the Relevant Holding may be decreased or increased (a) if provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, due to, but without limitation, (i) interest payments, if any, (ii) Fund 
equalisations or (iii) the redemption of Fund Shares attributed to fee payments or (b) due to the

--- Page 497 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
497 
 
 
occurrence of a Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked Conditions 4 or 5 if applicable. Where amounts 
are to be determined by reference to a Relevant Holding which is less than any minimum holding a 
Hypothetical Investor may hold, or is a fraction of a Fund Interest or if the Calculation Agent 
determines it appropriate to reflect hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates, such 
determination may be made on an aggregated basis by reference to all Securities then outstanding. 
Removal Date means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest (as defined in Fund Condition 3 below), 
the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would receive the 
Removal Value in respect of a redemption or realisation of such Affected Fund Interest effected as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the time at which the Calculation Agent determines the 
applicable consequence of the relevant Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 4. 
Removal Value means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the amount that the Calculation Agent 
determines a Hypothetical Investor would receive on the redemption or realisation of the Relevant 
Holding of the Affected Fund Interest at the relevant time, Provided That if any such redemption 
proceeds would comprise non-monetary assets the Removal Value shall include the amount (if any 
and which may be zero) that the Calculation Agent determines would be received by the Hypothetical 
Investor in respect of a realisation (in whatsoever manner the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate) of such non-monetary assets within a commercially reasonable timeframe after their 
receipt. 
Scheduled Fund Publication Date means, in respect of a Fund Valuation Date, each date (which as 
at the Trade Date is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms) on which the related Fund (or its 
Fund Service Provider, as applicable) is scheduled, according to the relevant Fund Documents or as 
otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent, to publish the value for the related Fund Interest 
or its aggregate net asset value, as applicable as of such Fund Valuation Date or otherwise 
communicates to the Calculation Agent such value. 
Scheduled Fund Settlement Valuation Date means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the Fund Valuation 
Date as of which a Fund (or its Fund Service Provider, as applicable) is scheduled (according to the 
relevant Fund Documents or as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent and without giving 
effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
redemption of Fund Interests or delay the determination of Fund values), to determine the net asset 
value of the related Fund Interest for purposes of calculating (i) the redemption proceeds to be paid to 
an investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests in respect of 
such date or (ii) the subscription price per Fund Interest to be paid by an investor that has submitted a 
valid and timely notice for subscription of Fund Interests in respect of such date, as applicable. 
3. 
Fund Events 
If a Fund Event exists or occurs the Calculation Agent may make certain adjustments or take certain 
actions in relation to the Securities as set out below. 
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Fund Linked Conditions shall require the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to monitor any Fund on an on-going basis and no 
representation (express or implied) is made that there will be any such monitoring. 
For these purposes: 
Fund Event means any of an Additional Fund Disruption Event, a Fund Disruption Event, a Fund 
Extraordinary Event and/or a Fund Potential Adjustment Event, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 498 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
498 
 
 
Where: 
(a) 
Additional Fund Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Fund Hedging Disruption 
or Increased Cost of Hedging: 
(i) 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents acting on its 
behalf determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any Fund Interests, or (y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Securities (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
(ii) 
Fund Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents is 
unable, or it is impractical for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or 
appropriate to hedge the price risk with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, without 
limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (x) any 
restriction on making new or additional investments in such Fund Interest, or (y) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of a Fund Interest imposed by the related 
Fund. 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk with respect to the Securities, or 
(ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Fund Disruption Event means any of a Fund Settlement Valuation Disruption, a Fund 
Settlement Disruption or a Fund Publication Disruption: 
(i) 
Fund Settlement Valuation Disruption occurs if a Fund Settlement Valuation Date 
in respect of a Fund Interest falls after the related Scheduled Fund Settlement 
Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Interest. 
(ii) 
Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by a Fund on any day (i) to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption 
proceeds with respect to any Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by such 
day or (ii) to record the relevant holding of Fund Interests subscribed for by the 
Hypothetical Investor that is scheduled to have been recorded on or by such day 
(according to the relevant Fund Documents or as otherwise communicated to the 
Calculation Agent), determined without regard to any gating, deferral, suspension or 
other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests.

--- Page 499 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
499 
 
 
(iii) 
Fund Publication Disruption occurs if a Fund Publication Date in respect of a Fund 
Interest falls after the relevant Scheduled Fund Publication Date in respect of a Fund 
Interest. 
(c) 
Fund Extraordinary Event means any of a Nationalisation, a Fund Adviser Event, a Fund 
Consolidation Event, a Fund Insolvency Event, a Holding Ratio Event, a Holding Trigger 
Event, a NAV Trigger Event, an Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event, a Fund Modification, 
a Fees or Charges Event, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action, a Tax Change, a Reporting 
Disruption, a New Information Event, a Limitation Event, a Non Currency Redemption, a 
Fund Service Provider Cessation, a Fund Service Provider Disruption or a Related Agreement 
Termination: 
(i) 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets 
of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(ii) 
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period 
of twelve (12) months, the total value of assets managed by the Fund Adviser 
(including the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent (50%) (either due to redemptions 
or decrease in value of such assets). 
(iii) 
Fund Consolidation Event means that the Issuer is required, pursuant to any 
accounting or other applicable regulations in accordance with which it prepares 
financial statements, to consolidate the Fund. 
(iv) 
Fund Insolvency Event means a Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider (A) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up or voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation or any analogous proceeding (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C) (x) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, 
or (y) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (x) above and either (1) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; 
or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (A) 
to (E) (inclusive) above.

--- Page 500 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
500 
 
 
(v) 
Holding Ratio Event means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value to 
an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to 
have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund and/or its 
operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Interests held, or likely 
to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor and/or its Affiliates, to such an extent that the 
full redemption in one single order of the Fund Interests held by a Hypothetical 
Investor and/or its Affiliates, is likely to be impaired.  
(vi) 
Holdings Trigger Event means that on any relevant day, the aggregate holdings of 
Nomura Holdings, Inc., either on its own or together with any of its Affiliates 
(together the Nomura Group), in the Fund is greater than or equal to 25% of the total 
net asset value of such Fund, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
(vii) 
NAV Trigger Event means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
that in respect of any Fund Interest (i) the reported value of the Fund Interest has 
decreased by any amount equal to, or greater than the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) 
during the related NAV Trigger Period, each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (ii) a Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court 
or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the relevant Fund 
Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of 
its assets. 
(viii) 
Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event means (a) the resignation, termination of 
appointment, or replacement of a Fund's Fund Adviser or (b) any Key Personnel of a 
Fund or Fund Adviser ceases to act in its relevant capacity for any reason. 
(ix) 
Fund Modification means any actual or proposed change or modification of the 
relevant Fund Documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of a 
Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (which may include, but 
is not limited to, any modification of the terms and conditions under which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as 
provided in the Fund Documents or implementation of a modification of the 
conditions under which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are 
settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle or basis of such modification 
was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Trade Date) (in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Trade Date or, in 
respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant replacement date. 
(x) 
Fees or Charges Event means the imposition of any fees or charges in relation to 
redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests other than any such fee or 
charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
(xi) 
Strategy Breach means any breach or violation of or any change or material diversion 
from any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the relevant Fund Documents that 
is reasonably likely to affect the value of a Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or any 
change in the nature of a Fund, including but not limited to the type of investments, 
the duration, the credit risk and diversification of the investments to which that Fund 
is exposed, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, results in a material 
increase of the risk profile of that Fund. 
(xii) 
Regulatory Action means (v) the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of a Fund Interest or the related Fund by any governmental,

--- Page 501 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
501 
 
 
legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or Fund, or (w) any 
change or proposed change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatment of a 
Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the related Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) or (x) a Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or 
any of their Affiliates becomes subject to investigation, proceedings or litigation (or 
any such investigation, proceedings or litigation is threatened or proposed) by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activities (whether or not relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser) or (y) any necessary or 
desirable action, condition or requirement (including without limitation the obtaining, 
effecting or maintenance of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, 
exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) for any Fund, Fund 
Advisor, Fund Administrator or any Fund Service Provider lawfully to enter into any 
obligation, exercise any rights or perform and comply with any obligation has not 
been taken, fulfilled or satisfied or (z) any relevant activities of a Fund, Fund 
Administrator or Fund Advisor (or activities related to any such entity) are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any present or future law, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof. 
(xiii) 
Tax Change means the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on a 
Fund, or measured by reference to, a Fund Interest (other than any tax on, or measured 
by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority 
after the Trade Date. 
(xiv) 
Reporting Disruption means (x) any failure of a Fund to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or caused to be 
delivered to the Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, information to 
determine the occurrence of a Fund Event and the annual audited financial report and 
semi-annual financial report, if any, in relation to the related Fund Interests, or (B) 
information that has been previously delivered to the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with such Fund's, or its authorised representative's or any Service 
Provider's, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the related Fund Interests (y) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent (A) any information as referred to 
in (x)(B) above is or may be unreliable or inaccurate or unrepresentative of the Fund's 
assets or (B) any published or communicated net asset value of a Fund Interest or 
calculation of the redemption proceeds of a Fund Interest is or may be unreliable or 
inaccurate or unrepresentative of the Fund's assets. 
(xv) 
New Information Event means (x) any information provided to the Calculation 
Agent by or in connection with any Fund, Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator or other 
Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in any respect or (y) the publication 
or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or becomes available which, 
if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the Calculation 
Agent, would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in 
or to seek to realise any investment in any Fund Interests, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 502 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
502 
 
 
(xvi) 
Limitation Event means a material limitation is imposed on dealings in any Fund 
Interests, a Fund's dealing schedule is changed (including, but not limited to, a change 
in notice periods for redemptions or imposition of gating provisions), subscription 
and/or redemption liquidity in any Fund Interests is reduced, there is a material 
reduction in the assets under management of a Fund since the Trade Date, or any other 
event occurs, which restricts, in whole or in part (on a permanent or temporary basis) 
dealings of any nature with respect to a Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant 
event occurs pursuant to any provisions permitting the Fund to restrict in any way 
dealings with respect to the relevant Fund Interest). 
(xvii) Non Currency Redemption means any Fund Interests are redeemed otherwise than 
in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the currency(ies) in which as of 
the Trade Date (and according to the Fund Documents or as otherwise communicated 
to the Calculation Agent) it is intended Fund redemptions shall occur. 
(xviii) Fund Service Provider Cessation means that one or more Fund Service Provider(s) 
in respect of a Fund ceases to provide the service as outlined in the relevant Fund 
Documents (or as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) on the Trade 
Date or, where the related Fund Interest is a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant 
replacement date, and any such Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by 
another service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(xix) 
Fund Service Provider Disruption means any event or circumstances compromising 
the independence of a Fund Service Provider performing services for a Fund from the 
relevant Fund Adviser. 
(xx) 
Related Agreement Termination means a Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or 
Fund Adviser or other relevant party as specified in the applicable Final Terms is in 
breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, 
liquidity and licensing. 
(d) 
Fund Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Interests or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interests to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Interests of 
(A) additional Fund Interests or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the related Fund equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interests or (C) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the related Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend in respect of the Fund as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other 
than where such repurchase is a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor 
in such Fund Interests and consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or

--- Page 503 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
503 
 
 
(v) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of relevant Fund Interests. 
A Fund Potential Adjustment Event may be due to, for example but without limitation, the 
replacement of a portion of any Fund Interest with shares or units of or in relation to a side 
pocket or a special purpose vehicle to which the relevant Fund has linked or transferred any 
interest in its portfolio of assets (Spin-off Fund Interests). 
4. 
Consequences of a Fund Event 
Following the existence or occurrence of a Fund Event (whether or not such Fund Event is continuing), 
the Issuer may take the action described in any of paragraphs (i) to (iv) below as it determines 
appropriate to account for the relevant Fund Event.  For the avoidance of doubt, action may be 
taken any number of times under this provision, whether or not in relation to the same event 
and whether or not the consequence of such action is the same or different: 
(i) 
The Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments 
to the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines appropriate to account 
for the Fund Event, which may include, without limitation: 
(A) 
delaying any determination until it determines that no Fund Event exists; 
(B) 
using an estimated or modified value of a Fund Interest taking into account the 
occurrence or existence of the relevant Fund Event, prevailing market conditions, and 
by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate which may include, 
without limitation, the last communicated official and/or estimated Fund net asset 
value(s); 
(C) 
making corresponding adjustments, if any, to any one or more of any of the terms of 
the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (which may include, without 
limitation, delaying any date for payment or delivery under the Securities) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the relevant Fund Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; and/or 
(D) 
in case of a Fund Potential Adjustment Event replace all or part of the Fund Interest 
by the kind and number of units or other securities and property received upon such 
subdivision, consolidation, reclassification, distribution, issue or repurchase or 
conveyance by a holder of Fund Interests (and, without limitation, this may include 
electing to treat Spin-off Fund Interests as additional Fund Interests) for the purposes 
of determining the value of the Fund Interest (and as appropriate make corresponding 
replacements of the fund issuer) and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value 
of such Fund Interest and corresponding appropriate adjustments to any other terms 
of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms that the Calculation Agent 
considers relevant; and/or 
(E) 
if "Fund Replacement following Fund Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, replacing a Fund Interest (the Affected Fund Interest) with 
a replacement fund interest (the Replacement Fund Interest) in a fund which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent has similar characteristics, investment 
objectives and policies to those applicable to the Fund to which the Affected Fund 
Interest relates immediately prior to the occurrence of the Fund Event.  Such 
replacement shall be made on terms that the Relevant Holding of the Replacement 
Fund at or about the time of the replacement shall have a reported value as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as near as reasonably practical equal to the Removal Value 
for the Affected Fund Interest less any costs incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its

--- Page 504 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
504 
 
 
Affiliates in relation to such Fund replacement (including costs incurred in relation to 
any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
agents in connection therewith). 
If the Calculation Agent replaces an Affected Fund Interest with a Replacement Fund 
Interest, such replacement shall take effect on the first reasonably practicable date 
following the Removal Date for such Affected Fund Interest on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor could acquire the Replacement Fund 
Interest. 
(ii) 
The Issuer may, on giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, redeem or cancel, as applicable, 
all (but not some only) of the Securities, each Security being redeemed (in the case of N&C 
Securities) at the Early Redemption Amount or cancelled (in the case of W&C Securities) at 
the Early Cancellation Amount. 
The Issuer may, on giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, redeem or cancel, as applicable, 
all (but not some only) of the Securities in accordance with paragraph (ii) above but, in respect 
of all or a part only of each Early Redemption Amount or Early Cancellation Amount, as the 
case may be, elect, in lieu of payment, to deliver or procure delivery of some or all of the 
relevant Fund Interests (or, if applicable, Spin-off Fund Interests) to which the Securities 
relate.  Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such election being made together with details of the procedures to be 
followed for such delivery and which may, without limitation, require Securityholders to give 
an asset transfer notice to the Issuer or its agent or give certain representations (which may 
include a representation that the Securityholder has taken independent advice to determine 
that, from a legal, regulatory and tax perspective, it is able to hold the relevant Fund Interests) 
or information to the Fund or observe similar procedures as a precondition to receiving such 
delivery (such requirements shall be set out in the above notice to Securityholders). 
(iii) 
The Issuer may, on giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, elect to redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, such portion of all but not some only of the Securities, if any, as corresponds to 
the Fund Interests to which the Securities relate (or portion thereof) which the Calculation 
Agent determines could be realised by a Hypothetical Investor for immediately available cash 
proceeds following such election and in accordance with the timing of such proceeds payable 
to such Hypothetical Investor, in each case at a pro rata share of such cash proceeds (or such 
other amount as reflects the contribution of such Fund Interest(s) to the Securities) less all 
unwind costs, taxes and expenses incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate or agent in such 
realisation.  In respect of the remaining portion (which may be all) of the Securities the Issuer 
may at its option require the Calculation Agent to make further adjustments to account for the 
Fund Event and the partial redemption or cancellation.  Payment of any amounts in respect of 
such partial redemption or cancellation, as applicable, will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may elect that the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 5 shall apply to the 
Securities. 
Upon taking any action described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) above following the occurrence of a 
Fund Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, giving

--- Page 505 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
505 
 
 
details of the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, Provided That any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of such action. 
5. 
Maturity/ Coupon Payment Date/Settlement Date Extension 
(i) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor which submits one or 
more redemption requests for one or more Fund Interests in a timely manner to receive such 
redemption proceeds (Redemption Proceeds) as the Issuer may require to meet its scheduled 
periodic or final payment or delivery obligations (each a Scheduled Obligation) under the 
Securities would not receive such Redemption Proceeds in respect of one or more of the Fund 
Interests in full on or prior to the time such Scheduled Obligations would be scheduled to fall 
due, the Calculation Agent may notify the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9 that the Maturity Date, relevant Coupon 
Payment Date or Settlement Date or any other relevant date for payment or delivery, as the 
case may be (the Scheduled Obligation Date), shall be postponed until the earlier of (i) such 
time (if any) as the Calculation Agent determines that the Redemption Proceeds in respect of 
all Affected Fund Interests would be received in full by a Hypothetical Investor (the Delayed 
Receipt Date) or (ii) the last day of the Delay Period (as defined below). 
Delay Period means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the date falling 
two years immediately following the relevant Scheduled Obligation Date. 
(ii) 
As soon as practicable following the Delayed Receipt Date the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities 
Condition 9 and pay to each Securityholder the corresponding Scheduled Obligation provided 
that, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would not have received 
any Redemption Proceeds in respect of the Affected Fund Interests on or prior to the last day 
of the Delay Period, the Issuer's obligation to pay the relevant Scheduled Obligation shall be 
cancelled and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such obligation and, if 
no other Scheduled Obligation remains outstanding, the Securities shall be cancelled and the 
Issuer have no further obligations in respect thereof. The Issuer shall not be obliged to pay 
any additional amount or interest payment as a result of any such delay or (in the case of 
interest bearing Fund Linked N&C Securities) any additional interest amount. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that some but not all Redemption Proceeds (and/or 
Redemption Proceeds in respect of some but not all Affected Fund Interests) would be 
received by a Hypothetical Investor on or prior to the last day of the Delay Period (any such 
day of receipt, a Receipt Date) the Issuer will either: 
(x) 
elect to pay a pro rata share of such partial Redemption Proceeds or such other 
amount as reflects the contribution of the Affected Fund Interest(s) to the Scheduled 
Obligation (the Relevant Amount), to Securityholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable following each such Receipt Date which occurs up to and including the 
Delayed Receipt Date, as provided above, or the last day of the Delay Period (as 
defined above), as the case may be; or (at its option) 
(y) 
elect to pay, in respect of each Security, the sum of all Relevant Amounts determined 
for that Security at the earlier of (A) the Delayed Receipt Date, as provided above, 
and (B) the last day of the Delay Period (as defined above), as the case may be, 
together with an amount representing such interest at a LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
or other relevant funding rate as the Calculation Agent determines would have accrued 
(on a compound basis) on the Securityholder's pro rata share of such partial 
Redemption Proceeds had such partial Redemption Proceeds been placed on deposit 
with the Issuer in London, in each case in the period from and including the relevant

--- Page 506 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
506 
 
 
Receipt Date to but excluding the second Business Day immediately prior to the due 
date for payment to Securityholders. 
Following payment pursuant to (x) or (y) above the Issuer's obligation to pay the relevant Scheduled 
Obligation shall be cancelled and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such 
obligation and, if no other Scheduled Obligation remains outstanding, the Securities shall be cancelled 
and the Issuer have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
6. 
Provisions relating to Exchange Traded Funds 
Fund Linked Conditions 6 to 12 (inclusive) apply in respect of Securities relating to Exchange Traded 
Funds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Coupon Amounts or 
other values or amounts (in the case of Fund Linked N&C Securities) or the Cash Settlement Amount 
or other values or amounts (in the case of Fund Linked W&C Securities) as specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and this may be by 
reference to certain reported values of an ETF as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In all cases 
the terms applicable to Fund Linked Securities are subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund 
Linked Conditions 8, 9 and 10 below to take account of any Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Day, 
Potential Adjustment Event, De-listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation or Tender Offer. All determinations of the Calculation Agent under these Fund Linked 
Conditions shall be made acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner in accordance 
with the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 14 (in the case of N&C Securities) or W&C 
Securities Condition 8.2 (in the case of W&C Securities).  For the avoidance of doubt nothing in 
these Fund Linked Conditions shall require the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if any) to monitor any ETF or Fund Share on an on-going basis and no representation (express 
or implied) is made that there will be any such monitoring. 
7. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Fund Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment as provided herein or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions of Fund Linked 
Condition 8.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents acting on its behalf 
determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any Fund Shares, 
or (y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
Closing Price means, in relation to any ETF and any Scheduled Trading Day, the price per Fund Share 
in respect of such ETF as quoted on the applicable Exchange at the Valuation Time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 507 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
507 
 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Disruption Cut-off Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms as either (i) the date falling 
a number of Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, after the relevant originally 
scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date or other similar date on which any observation or 
valuation is required to be made in respect of the Securities or (ii) the date falling a number of 
Scheduled Trading Days, as specified in the Final Terms, prior to the next succeeding day on which 
any payment or delivery is to be made under the Securities which is determined in whole or in part by 
reference to the valuation or observation of the relevant Fund Share(s) which is affected by occurrence 
of the relevant Disrupted Day(s). 
ETF means any fund which is an exchange traded fund as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if not so specified, any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an Exchange Traded Fund. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Fund Share, the exchange or principal trading market for the relevant 
ETF as specified in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Fund Shares in respect of such 
ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange) and Exchanges means, as the context requires, such exchanges 
or quotation systems in respect of the Fund Shares of all relevant ETFs. 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single ETF, Exchange Business Day (Single 
ETF Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, (a) Exchange Business Day (All 
ETFs Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such specification is 
made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) shall apply. 
Exchange Business Day (All ETFs Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for 
trading in respect of all ETFs comprised in the Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, during 
their respective regular trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of the 
relevant ETF are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Final Price means, in relation to the Fund Shares of an ETF on any relevant date, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to Fund Linked Condition 8.2 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days): 
(a) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a single ETF, (A) if Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Price of the Fund Shares on the 
Final Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Price of the Fund Shares on each Averaging Date

--- Page 508 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
508 
 
 
which if so specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging Dates in relation to 
a specific level or value; and 
(b) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket and in 
respect of each Fund Share comprising such Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, (A) if Averaging 
is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Closing Price of such 
Fund Share on the Final Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the arithmetic mean of the Closing Prices of such Fund Shares on 
each Averaging Date which if so specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Averaging 
Dates in relation to a specific level or value in relation to the Final Valuation Date and, in the 
case of (A) or (B), multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Fund Linked Condition 8.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Fund Basket means a basket of Fund Shares of two or more ETFs as described in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Fund Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, or it is 
impractical for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk relating to any Fund Share of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, without limitation, where such 
inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (x) any restriction on making new or additional 
investments in such Fund Shares, or (y) any mandatory redemption of a Fund Share imposed by the 
related ETF. 
Fund Share means a share of an ETF, and references to "holder of Fund Shares" and "Fund 
Shareholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
Fund Share Price means, at any time on any Scheduled Trading Date, the price per Fund Share of 
the relevant ETF on the applicable Exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk relating to any Fund 
Share of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Initial Price means, in relation to any Fund Shares, the Closing Price of such Fund Shares on the 
Initial Valuation Date. 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Fund Linked Condition 8.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Mixed Basket means a basket of the Fund Shares of one or more ETFs and any other assets described 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 509 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
509 
 
 
Related Exchange means, in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or principal trading market 
specified as such for such Fund Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts in respect of such Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Shares on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided 
however, that (i) where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final 
Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or principal trading market where trading has 
a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Fund Shares or (ii) where "Hedging Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or principal 
trading market which (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) is material in the context of any 
hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party in relation to the Securities. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single ETF, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
ETF Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
ETFs Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, if no such specification is 
made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) shall apply, and, where 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) applies, each of such Fund Shares shall be valued 
independently of each other, and the provisions in relation to Disrupted Day, Averaging Date, 
Valuation Date and Exchange Business Day shall be applied and construed by the Calculation Agent 
accordingly. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETFs Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
any day on which the Exchange and Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in 
respect of all ETFs comprised in the Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of a Fund Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of the relevant ETF are scheduled to 
be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
Underlying Index means, in relation to a Fund Share, the underlying index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Valuation Date means each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (including, if 
applicable, the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date), or if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day then the provisions 
of Fund Linked Condition 8.2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) shall apply. 
Valuation Time means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date in relation to each Fund Share to be valued.  If the relevant Exchange closes

--- Page 510 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
510 
 
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighting means in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket 
the weighting of each Fund Share in the relevant Fund Basket or Mixed Basket as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Disrupted Days 
8.1 
Disrupted Day 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Fund Share: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time: 
(x) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the relevant Fund Share on such Exchange; or 
(B) 
relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Underlying Index or any relevant successor index; or 
(C) 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Shares or the relevant 
Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange (Trading Disruption); 
or 
(y) 
of any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
(i) effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Shares on the 
Exchange, (ii) effect transactions in, or obtain market values for securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Underlying Index, or (iii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to such Fund Shares or the relevant Underlying Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange (Exchange Disruption); or 
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior 
to (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day (Early Closure), 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Fund Share 
at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included 
in the relevant Underlying Index at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security, 
to the level of the relevant Underlying Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the 
level of the relevant Underlying Index attributable to that security, and (ii) the overall level of the 
relevant Underlying Index immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.

--- Page 511 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
511 
 
 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of any such Disrupted Day. 
8.2 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
Single Valuation/Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to the Fund Shares of a single ETF and the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect to the Fund Shares of that 
ETF, then the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a Disrupted Day provided that: 
(a) 
such day shall be no later than the Disruption Cut-off Date, notwithstanding that such day is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Fund Shares; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for such Fund Shares that 
would have prevailed but for that Disrupted Day as of the Valuation Time on that Disruption Cut-off 
Date. 
8.3 
Fund Basket and Mixed Basket Valuation/Averaging Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket and the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Fund Shares 
comprising the relevant Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, then: 
(i) 
the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable, for each Fund Share which the 
Calculation Agent determines is not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable; and 
(ii) 
the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as applicable, for each Fund Share which the 
Calculation Agent determines is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that the Calculation Agent determines is not a 
Disrupted Day relating to that Fund Share, provided that (A) such day shall be no later than 
the Disruption Cut-off Date, notwithstanding that such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the Fund Share and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for such Fund Shares that would have prevailed but for that Disrupted Day as of the 
Valuation Time on that Disruption Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Shares of (a) such 
Fund Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Fund Shares or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets in any case

--- Page 512 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
512 
 
 
for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a call by the ETF in respect of relevant Fund Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the ETF or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Fund Shares, whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of an ETF, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from Fund Shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the ETF pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(vii) 
any redemption of such rights as are referred to in (vi) above; or 
(viii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Shares. 
Following a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund 
Shares or on the composition of the Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, as applicable, and, if so, the 
Calculation Agent will determine and make the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to one 
or more of any variable(s) relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of the Securities 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the Potential Adjustment Event and 
determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s) (which may include but shall not be limited to 
adjustment(s) to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant Fund Share).  The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine 
the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Fund Shares traded on such options 
exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as is reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the adjustment made 
and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give, or 
non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
10. 
De-listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender 
Offer 
10.1 
De-listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender 
Offer 
If a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event 
(in each case as defined below) occurs in relation to any Fund Share, the Issuer may take the action 
described in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made 
to any terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the

--- Page 513 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
513 
 
 
case may be, and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s) and for these purposes 
(a) the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event made by any options exchange 
to options on the relevant Fund Share traded on that options exchange and the relevant 
adjustments may in the case of adjustments following a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, 
without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Fund Shares and/or (b) in the case of a Fund Basket or Mixed Basket, the 
Calculation Agent may remove the affected Fund Share from the Fund Basket or Mixed 
Basket and make such adjustments to the Securities as it determines appropriate (which may, 
without limitation, include any value or weighting of the remaining Fund Shares) in order to 
account for the price or value of the affected Fund Share at the time of its removal as well as 
the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements 
(and this may mean that the economic benefit of the Securities for the Securityholder is 
reduced or that the removal of the Fund Share has a material adverse effect on the Securities); 
(ii) 
where the Fund Linked Securities relate to a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, on giving notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities 
Condition 9, as applicable, redeem each N&C Security or cancel each W&C Security, as 
applicable, in part.  If a Security is so redeemed or cancelled in part the portion (the Partial 
Amount) of each such Security representing the affected Fund Share(s) shall be redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable, and the Issuer will (x) pay to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by them an amount equal to the fair market value of the Partial Amount, taking 
into account the Merger Event, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Tender Offer or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any Hedging 
Party of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and (y) require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to 
account for such redemption or cancellation in part.  For the avoidance of doubt the remaining 
part of each such Security after such redemption or cancellation and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect (subject to adjustment as provided above).  Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable; 
(iii) 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel, as applicable, all, but not some 
only, of the Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount; 
(iv) 
if "Options Exchange Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Fund Shares traded on 
such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the Options Exchange), 
require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the 
date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding 
adjustment made by the Options Exchange.  If options on the Fund Shares are not traded on 
the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or 
more of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, that in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded; or

--- Page 514 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
514 
 
 
(v) 
if "Fund Share Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then on 
or after the relevant Merger Date, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Tender Offer Date 
or Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to include fund shares (the Substitute Fund 
Shares) selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the criteria for fund share 
selection (Fund Share Substitution Criteria), if any, set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
or otherwise as provided below, in place of the Fund Share(s) (for the purposes of this Fund 
Linked Condition 10, the Affected Fund Share(s)) which are affected by such Merger Event, 
De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Tender Offer or Material Underlying Event and the 
Substitute Fund Shares will, from the date so determined by the Calculation Agent (the Fund 
Share Substitution Date) be deemed to be "Fund Shares" and the relevant ETF (the 
Substitute ETF), an "ETF" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate and the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 
10.2 below shall apply. If "Fund Share Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms but no Fund Share Substitution Criteria are set out in the Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that, to the extent practicable, any 
Substitute ETF will (i) have fund shares quoted in the same currency and (ii) be traded on the 
same exchange as the ETF in respect of the Affected Fund Shares, in each case at the time of 
substitution. 
Upon the occurrence of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders 
in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, 
stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect 
the validity of any such De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Fund Linked Conditions shall require the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) to monitor any ETF or Fund Share on 
an on-going basis and no representation (express or implied) is made that there will be any such 
monitoring. 
Where: 
De-listing means, in respect of a Fund Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, such Fund Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of 
the European Union). 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETF, (A) all the Fund Shares 
of that ETF are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders 
of the Fund Shares of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Material Underlying Event means any of the following: 
(i) 
the investment objectives and/or policies in respect of the ETF are materially changed;

--- Page 515 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
515 
 
 
(ii) 
an illegality occurs or a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked in each case in respect of 
the ETF and/or the ETF is required by a competent authority (other than any holder of the 
Fund Shares) to redeem any Fund Shares; 
(iii) 
other than where the following constitutes an Additional Disruption Event, there is a change 
in any relevant jurisdiction in respect of any payments made by the ETF in respect of any 
Fund Share as a result of which the amounts paid or to be paid by the Issuer in connection 
with hedging arrangements relating to the Securities are materially reduced or otherwise 
adversely affected; and/or 
(iv) 
other than where the following constitutes an Additional Disruption Event, any other event 
occurs in relation to the ETF and/or the Fund Shares which is materially prejudicial to the 
Issuer in connection with the issue of the Securities or any hedging arrangements relating to 
the Securities, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Fund Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Fund Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Fund 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in any such reclassification or change of all such Fund Shares outstanding) or (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares of the relevant 
ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Shares (other 
than such Fund Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Fund Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Shares (other than 
Fund Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares immediately following such event 
(a Reverse Merger). 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 
per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the relevant ETF, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
10.2 
Valuation of Fund Shares of Substitute ETFs 
For the purposes of any adjustments to account for a Fund Share substitution as referred to in Fund 
Linked Condition 10.1(v) above, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the relevant values, levels, 
variables or terms for the valuation or observation of the Substitute Fund Shares in the terms of the 
Securities in order to account for the price or value of the Affected Fund Shares at the time of their

--- Page 516 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
516 
 
 
removal as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging 
arrangements. This may mean that the economic benefit, if any, of the Fund Share substitution for the 
Securityholder is reduced or that the Fund Share substitution has a material adverse effect on the 
Securities.  For example, and without limitation, the value of the Substitute Fund Shares may be 
adjusted by the same proportion as any fall in value of the Affected Fund Share at the time of its 
removal relative to the Trade Date and may be further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements. 
11. 
Correction of Fund Share Prices 
If the price of a Fund Share published on any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or any other date for 
Fund Share valuation or observation, as the case may be, by the relevant Exchange and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination made for the purposes of the Securities (a Relevant 
Calculation) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Fund Share Price) 
published by the relevant Exchange no later than two Business Days prior to the date of payment of 
any amount calculated by reference to the Relevant Calculation then the Calculation Agent may, but 
shall not be required to, treat such Corrected Fund Share Price as the relevant price for such Fund 
Share on such Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date, as the case may be, and the 
Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Fund Share Price in determining the Relevant Calculation. 
12. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events 
In the event that an Additional Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, then 
the Calculation Agent shall either (a)(i) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such 
Additional Disruption Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment, or (b) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, notify the Issuer thereof in which event the Issuer may redeem or 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Securities as of such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by notice given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. Payment in 
respect of such early redemption or cancellation shall be made as specified in such notice to 
Securityholders. 
13. 
Knock-In, Knock-Out Provisions 
13.1 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
If a "Knock-In Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery provisions 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-In Event shall be as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If a "Knock-Out Event" is specified in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery provisions 
under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Knock-Out Event shall be as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
13.2 
Disrupted Days 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is a single time on each relevant day and any Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out Determination Day consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as 
Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether 
a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has occurred; Provided That if the Knock-In Period Ending

--- Page 517 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
517 
 
 
Date or the Knock-Out Period Ending Date is a Disrupted Day and no Knock-In Event or Knock-Out 
Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination Period, the 
Knock-In Period Ending Date or Knock-Out Period Ending Date, as applicable, shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day 
in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the 
applicable Final Terms, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any 
subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-
Out Event shall occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out Determination Day consequences of a 
Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be treated 
as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) 
apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of 
such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes 
in the applicable Final Terms, for example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any 
subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-
Out Event shall occur. 
If the Knock-In Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is other than a single time on each relevant day and if on any Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day, as of any Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time, a 
Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event has or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted 
Day have been satisfied at such time then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) if "Knock-In/Knock-Out intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Omission 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Valuation Time shall be ignored for purposes of determining 
whether a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event has occurred; Provided That if no Knock-In Event 
or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period or Knock-Out Determination 
Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Knock-In Valuation 
Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending Date or Knock-Out Period Ending 
Date, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Fund 
Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the 
relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions for purposes of 
determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall occur, or (B) if "Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Materiality in the applicable Final 
Terms, then (i) where the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence giving 
rise to such Disrupted Day is not material for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant 
Fund Share(s) as of such time, the Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event, as applicable, shall occur 
notwithstanding such event or occurrence, or (ii) where the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant event or occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is material for the purposes of 
determining the price of the relevant Fund Share(s) as of such time, then the Knock-In Event or the 
Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred at such time; Provided That if no Knock-In 
Event or Knock-Out Event has occurred in the Knock-In Determination Period or Knock-Out 
Determination Period and the conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring 
Knock-In Valuation Time or Knock-Out Valuation Time on the Knock-In Period Ending Date or 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date, as applicable, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to 
which the provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a price of the relevant Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance 
with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event shall 
occur. 
13.3 
Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 518 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
518 
 
 
Knock-In Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Determination Period. 
Knock-In Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-In Period Ending Date. 
Knock-In Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-In Price means (i) in the case of a single Fund Share, the price of the Fund Share specified 
and (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, the price in each case specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-In Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-In Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-In Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-In Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Fund Linked Condition 8 
(Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
Knock-Out Determination Day means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not so specified, each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period. 
Knock-Out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
Out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-Out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-Out Event is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Price means (i) in the case of a single Fund Share the price of the Fund Share specified 
and (ii) in the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, the price, in each case specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-Out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-Out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-Out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Fund Linked Condition 8 
(Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
14. 
Trigger Event Provisions 
14.1 
Trigger Event 
If "Trigger Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the payment and/or delivery 
provisions under the Securities relating to the occurrence of a Trigger Event shall be as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 519 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
519 
 
 
14.2 
Disrupted Days 
If Trigger Event (Closing Observation) is specified in the applicable Final Terms and any Trigger 
Event Observation Date is a Disrupted Day then, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, (A) if "Trigger Event Observation Date consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as 
Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether 
a Trigger Event has occurred; Provided That if the final day of any Trigger Event Observation Period 
is a Disrupted Day and no Trigger Event has occurred in such Trigger Event Observation Period, such 
final day of such Trigger Event Observation Period shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the 
provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price of the relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such 
provisions (as such provisions may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms, for 
example but without limitation, in respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are 
made) for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, or (B) if "Trigger Event 
Observation Date consequences of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in the applicable 
Final Terms, such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Fund 
Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the 
relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions 
may be amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms, for example but without limitation, 
in respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining 
whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
If Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
if on any Trigger Event Observation Date as of any Trigger Event Valuation Time a Trigger Event has 
or would have occurred but the conditions for a Disrupted Day have been satisfied at such time then, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) if "Trigger Event intraday valuation 
consequences of disruption" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such Valuation 
Time shall be ignored for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event has occurred; Provided 
That if no Trigger Event has occurred in Trigger Event Observation Period and the conditions for a 
Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Trigger Event Valuation Time on the final day of 
such Trigger Event Observation Period, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation Date to which 
the provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance 
with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur, or (B) if 
"Trigger Event intraday valuation consequences of disruption" is specified as Materiality in the 
applicable Final Terms, then (i) where the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or 
occurrence giving rise to such Disrupted Day is not material for purposes of determining the price of 
the relevant Fund Share(s) as of such time, the Trigger Event shall occur notwithstanding such event 
or occurrence, or (ii) where the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event or occurrence 
giving rise to such Disrupted Day is material for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant 
Fund Share(s) as of such time, then the Trigger Event shall be deemed not to have occurred at such 
time; Provided That if no Trigger Event has occurred in a Trigger Event Observation Period and the 
conditions for a Disrupted Day are satisfied as of the last occurring Trigger Event Valuation Time on 
the final day of such Trigger Event Observation Period, then such day shall be treated as a Valuation 
Date to which the provisions contained in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) apply and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the relevant Fund Share(s) in respect of such day in 
accordance with such provisions for purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event shall occur. 
15. 
Definitions 
Trigger Event means a Trigger Event (Closing Observation), a Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) 
or such other event as specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of Exempt Securities only);

--- Page 520 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
520 
 
 
Trigger Event (Closing Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that on any 
Trigger Event Observation Date the Closing Price of any Fund Share is less than or equal to the 
relevant Trigger Price for such share, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Trigger Event Date means a date on which a Trigger Event occurs as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) means a determination by the Calculation Agent that at any 
time during the regular trading session hours on the applicable Exchange on any Trigger Event 
Observation Date the price per Fund Share in respect of any Fund Share quoted on the applicable 
Exchange is less than or equal to the relevant Trigger Price for such Fund Share, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
Trigger Event Observation Date means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Trigger Event 
Observation Period; 
Trigger Event Observation Period means the period from and including the Initial Valuation Date 
to and including the Final Valuation Date; 
Trigger Percentage means, in relation to any Fund Share, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Trigger Price means, in relation to any Fund Share, an amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant 
Trigger Percentage and (ii) the Initial Price of such Fund Share; and 
Trigger Event Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Trigger Event Observation 
Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and for the purposes of Fund Linked Condition 8 
(Disrupted Days) each such time shall be treated as a Valuation Time. 
16. 
Mandatory Early Termination  
Unless the Securities have been previously redeemed, exercised, terminated or cancelled, if Mandatory 
Early Termination is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and if on any Mandatory 
Early Termination Valuation Date a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, then the Securities 
will be automatically redeemed or cancelled, as applicable, in whole, but not in part, on the Mandatory 
Early Termination Date immediately following such Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date 
and the redemption or cancellation amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption or 
cancellation of each Security shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount. 
As used herein: 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Termination Date, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Mandatory Early Termination 
Rate relating to that Mandatory Early Termination Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Calculation Amount is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Event means (each of) the event(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 521 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
521 
 
 
Mandatory Early Termination Rate means, in respect of any Mandatory Early Termination Date, 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the corresponding 
provisions in Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted Days) shall apply on the basis such Mandatory 
Early Termination Valuation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Time means in respect of any Shares the time on any 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and such time 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Time for the purposes of Fund Linked Condition 8 (Disrupted 
Days). 
17. 
FX Disruption 
This Fund Linked Condition 17 applies in respect of Securities relating to Exchange Traded Funds 
and/or Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds. 
17.1 
In the event that the Fund Currency of a Fund Interest or a Fund Share (as applicable) or, in the case 
of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, any of the Fund Interests or Fund Shares within the Basket (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) is not the same as the Specified Currency or the Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, of the Securities, then following: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any event that: 
(i) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
converting one or more Fund Currencies into the Specified Currency or the Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, (i) through customary legal channels or (ii) at a rate that is at least as 
favourable as the rate for domestic institutions located in the relevant Fund Currency 
Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
generally prevents or delays the Issuer or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly from 
delivering the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency, as applicable, and/or a Fund 
Currency from accounts inside the relevant Fund Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside 
such Fund Currency Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
renders the Issuer or any of its Affiliates unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign exchange risk incurred by 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in respect of the relevant Fund Currency(ies) or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); or 
(b) 
the government or other relevant authority with jurisdiction in a relevant Fund Currency Jurisdiction 
giving public notice of its intention to impose any capital controls which the Calculation Agent 
determines are likely (i) to have a material affect on the ability of any of the Issuer or its Affiliates to 
hedge its foreign exchange risk in respect of the relevant Fund Currency(ies) or unwind any such 
hedging transaction or (ii) to reduce the value of any such hedging transaction, 
the Issuer may take the action described in (A) or (B) below as it deems appropriate: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine an exchange rate (or alternative method for 
determining the exchange rate) for conversion of the relevant Fund Currency(ies) into the

--- Page 522 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
522 
 
 
Specified Currency or Settlement Currency, as applicable, taking into consideration all 
available information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(B) 
postpone the date of any relevant valuation, observation and/or payment date in respect of the 
Securities for so long as, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the events described 
in (a) or (b) above have occurred or are continuing. 
17.2 
In the event that the Fund Currency in respect of a Fund Interest or a Fund Share (as applicable) ceases 
to be the currency in which such Fund Interest or Fund Share is traded or settled (in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent), the Issuer may determine the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made 
to any one or more of the Conditions to account for such circumstance and determine the effective 
date of such adjustment(s). Details of any such adjustment(s) shall be notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, provided 
that any failure by the Issuer to provide such notice shall not affect the validity of any such 
adjustment(s). 
As used in this Fund Linked Condition 17, Fund Currency Jurisdiction means any jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Fund Currency is the lawful currency selected by the Calculation Agent. 
18. 
Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities 
Fund Linked Conditions 18 to 21 (inclusive) apply in respect of Securities specified as Type A Fund 
Linked W&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms.  
Fund Linked Conditions 7 to 12 (inclusive) shall also apply (as amended by Fund Linked Condition 
20 where applicable) in respect of Securities specified as Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Cash Settlement Amount or other values or amounts as 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms and this may be by reference to certain reported values of an ETF as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  In all cases the terms applicable to Fund Linked Securities are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Fund Linked Conditions 8, 9 and 10 above, each as may be amended by Fund Linked 
Condition 20 below, to take account of any Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Day, Potential 
Adjustment Event, De-listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation 
or Tender Offer. All determinations of the Calculation Agent under these Fund Linked Conditions 
shall be made acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the 
provisions of W&C Securities Condition 8.2.  For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Fund 
Linked Conditions (whether in respect of Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities or otherwise 
shall require the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor (if any) to monitor 
any ETF or Fund Share on an on-going basis and no representation (express or implied) is made 
that there will be any such monitoring. 
19. 
Definitions 
The following definitions shall apply to Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities (notwithstanding any 
definition to the contrary in these Conditions): 
ETFs means the Initial Reference ETF or the Final Reference ETF, as applicable; 
Fund Share means an Initial Reference Fund Security or a Final Reference Fund Security, as 
applicable, and reference to "holder of the Fund Shares" and "Fund Shareholder" shall be construed 
accordingly;

--- Page 523 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
523 
 
 
Final Price means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked Condition 8 above, as 
amended, the Closing Price of the Final Reference Fund Security in respect of the Final Valuation 
Date; 
Final Reference Fund Security means a unit of the Final Reference ETF; 
Initial Reference Fund Security means a unit of the Initial Reference ETF; and 
Settlement Price means such amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount 
is specified, the sum of (a) the Final Price and (b) the Fixed Spread. 
20. 
Amendments to Fund Linked Conditions 
20.1 
The definition of Settlement Date in W&C Securities Condition 3.6 shall be deemed to be: 
"Settlement Date means the third Business Day following the Final Valuation Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked Condition 8 above;" 
20.2 
The definition of Disruption Cut-off Date in Fund Linked Condition 7 above shall be deemed to be: 
"Disruption Cut-off Date means the date falling a number of Scheduled Trading Days after the 
originally scheduled Valuation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such date if 
specified, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day after the originally scheduled Valuation Date;" 
20.3 
The definition of Exchange in Fund Linked Condition 7 above shall be deemed to be: 
"Exchange means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Initial Reference Fund Security, the Initial Reference Fund Exchange as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in relation to the Final Reference Fund Security, the Final Reference Fund Exchange as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, in each case, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Initial Reference Fund Securities or the Final Reference Fund 
Securities, as applicable, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Initial Reference Fund Securities or the 
Final Reference Fund Securities, as applicable, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange);" 
20.4 
The definition of Related Exchange in Fund Linked Condition 7 above shall be deemed to be: 
"Related Exchange means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Initial Reference Fund Security, the Initial Reference Fund Related Exchange 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in relation to the Final Reference Fund Security, the Final Reference Fund Related Exchange 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, in each case, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Initial Reference Fund Securities or the Final Reference Fund 
Securities, as applicable, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Initial Reference Fund Securities or the

--- Page 524 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
524 
 
 
Final Reference Fund Securities, as applicable, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange);" 
20.5 
Where Scheduled Trading Day is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following definition of Scheduled Trading Day will apply instead of that in Fund Linked Condition 7 
above: 
"Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the relevant Exchange in respect of the relevant 
Fund Share and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of the relevant Fund Share are scheduled to 
be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s);" 
20.6 
The definition of Material Underlying Event pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 10 above shall be 
deemed amended by the insertion of a subparagraph (v) immediately following subparagraph (iv) as 
follows: 
"and/or 
(v) 
during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (and including) the Final Valuation 
Date: 
(a) 
the fees relating to the Final Reference Fund Securities charged by the Final Reference ETF 
decrease; and/or 
(b) 
the fees relating to the Initial Reference Fund Securities charged by the Initial Reference ETF 
increase; 
which, in either case, has a material effect on the Closing Price or the 'per security entitlement to gold' 
(as published by the Initial Reference ETF or Final Reference ETF, as applicable) of the Initial 
Reference ETF or the Final Reference ETF, as applicable," 
20.7 
The consequences of a De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event occurring as set out in sub-paragraphs (i)-(v) immediately following the 
definition of "Tender Offer Date" in Fund Linked Condition 10 above shall be deemed amended by 
the insertion of and additional subparagraph (vi) immediately following the word "substitution" at the 
end of subparagraph (v) as follows: 
"; or 
(vi) 
in respect of an event as described in paragraph (v) of the definition of Material Underlying 
Event only, as of the Final Valuation Date increase the Final Price by a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
(i) 
in the case of a Final Reference ETF fees change, the absolute value of the amount 
of the relevant decrease in fees as referred to in "Material Underlying Event – (v)" 
in respect of the Final Reference ETF; plus 
(ii) 
in the case of an Initial Reference ETF fees change, the amount of the relevant 
increase in fees as referred to in "Material Underlying Event – (v)" in respect of 
the Initial Reference ETF;  
multiplied by 
(b) 
the number of calendar days in the period from (and including) the relevant day on which 
the fees change to and including the Final Valuation Date;  
divided by 
(c) 
365."

--- Page 525 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
525 
 
 
21. 
Interpretation 
The Type A Fund Linked W&C Securities shall be treated as relating to the Fund Shares of a single 
ETF and references to "ETF" or "Fund Share" in the singular tense shall be treated as references to 
each ETF or Fund Share on its own for the purposes of: 
(a) 
the definition of Exchange Business Day pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 7 (i.e. Single ETF Basis 
shall apply); 
(b) 
the definition of Valuation Time pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 7; 
(c) 
Fund Linked Conditions 8.1 and 8.2 above and, in the case of 8.2 above, each Fund Share shall be 
treated separately such that if the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect to a Fund Share, the Valuation Date in respect of each Fund Share not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Valuation Date and only the Valuation Date in respect of 
the Fund Share affected by the occurrence of the Disrupted Day shall be amended in accordance with 
Fund Linked Condition 8.2 above; and 
(d) 
Fund Linked Conditions 9 to 10 above.

--- Page 526 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
526 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Index Delay and Disruption Event Provisions .................................................................................. 527 
2. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 532 
3. 
Index Descriptions ............................................................................................................................. 533

--- Page 527 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
527 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Leveraged Inflation Interest N&C Securities 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities set out below (the Inflation Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms 
and conditions applicable to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Linked W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the Inflation Linked Conditions, in each case together with the Additional Terms and Conditions contained 
in any of the other Annexes to the Terms and Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to the Securities and subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, supplement or amendment in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Inflation Linked N&C Securities which are Exempt N&C 
Securities or Inflation Linked W&C Securities which are Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, 
and (ii) the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the case of Inflation 
Linked N&C Securities which are not Exempt N&C Securities or Inflation Linked W&C Securities which are 
not Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or 
the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Inflation Linked Conditions, the N&C Securities 
Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the Inflation Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency in the provisions of Inflation Linked Condition 3 and the other provisions of these Inflation 
Linked Conditions, the provisions of Inflation linked Condition 3 shall prevail. References in the Inflation 
Linked Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and 
"N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
INDEX DELAY AND DISRUPTION EVENT PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Delay of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Index Level for a Reference Month which is relevant to 
the calculation of any payment or delivery under the Securities and/or any other determination in 
respect of the Securities (a Relevant Level) has not been published or announced by the related Cut-off 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine an alternative level in place of such Relevant Level (a 
Substitute Index Level) by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for the applicable 
Payment/Delivery Date or date for determination, as applicable, as that taken pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (I) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (II) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Index Level pursuant to paragraph (i) 
above for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level 
by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level =  Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula or method specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 528 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
528 
 
 
where: 
Base Level means the Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means the latest Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced 
by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being 
determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Index, the Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the Cut-off Date then, subject as 
provided in Inflation Linked Condition 1.3.3(c), such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1.1 
will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this 
Inflation Linked Condition 1.1. 
1.2 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Level has not been published or announced by the 
relevant Index Sponsor for two consecutive months or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of any previously applicable Index (a 
Successor Index) for the purposes of the Securities by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a Successor Index by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
and "Fallback Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce the Index but that it will be 
superseded by a replacement Index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially similar 
formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Index, 
such replacement index shall be deemed the Successor Index for the purposes of the Securities 
from the date that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the 
Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the Successor Index. If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If fewer than 
three responses are received by the Cut-off Date or no Successor Index is determined pursuant 
to this provision, the Calculation Agent will apply the provisions of paragraph (iv) below;

--- Page 529 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
529 
 
 
(iv) 
if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above, by 
the next occurring Cut-off Date, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index as of such Cut-off Date, and such index will be 
deemed the Successor Index for the purposes of the Securities; 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, in relation 
to: 
(a) 
N&C Securities, then the Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16 and redeem all (but not some only) of the N&C 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(b) 
W&C Securities, then the Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with W&C Securities Condition 9 and cancel all (but not some only) of the W&C 
Securities, each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. 
In each case, payments will be made on the Cessation of Publication Termination Date in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. For these purposes, the Cessation 
of Publication Termination Date shall be the fifth Business Day immediately following the 
date of the notice of termination to Securityholders or such other date as may be specified in 
such notice. 
In relation to the determination of any Successor Index in accordance with this Inflation Linked 
Condition 1.2, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index shall be 
deemed to replace the relevant Index for the purposes of the Securities. Notice of the determination of 
a Successor Index and the effective date of the Successor Index shall be given to Securityholders by 
the Issuer in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9 as 
applicable. 
1.3 
Adjustments 
1.3.1 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 1.2 above, 
the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any 
amount payable under the Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary to account for this.  The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
1.3.2 
Substitute Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with Inflation 
Linked Condition 1.1, the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) 
to (x) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 
1.1 and/or (y) any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other relevant term of the 
Conditions as the Calculation Agent deems necessary in connection therewith. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
1.3.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (excluding any "flash" 
or other estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and

--- Page 530 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
530 
 
 
conclusive and, subject to Inflation Linked Condition 1.3.5(b) below, later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that 
in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP 
National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP Harmonised-Revised 
Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or 
announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment/Delivery Date or date of such other applicable determination under the 
Securities, as applicable, will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant 
Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for 
such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any valid 
revision in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities 
Condition 9, as applicable. 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Payment/Delivery Date or 
date of such other applicable determination under the Securities, as applicable, in 
respect of which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in 
respect of the Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has 
corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may 
make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other 
relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result 
of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such 
adjustment and/or amount in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after any Cut-off Date in 
respect of a Payment/Delivery Date in respect of which a Substitute Index Level was 
determined, the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level 
shall not be used in any calculation or determination under the Securities and that the 
Substitute Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the 
relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the Issuer to make any adjustment to any 
amount payable under the Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities 
as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the Relevant 
Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such 
publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of 
any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any adjustment and/or 
amount in respect thereof, in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
1.3.4 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of determining the Index 
Level from the date of such rebasing (the Rebased Index Level). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, make any adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the Rebased Index Levels so that the Rebased Index 
Levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before the rebasing and/or (B) if Related 
Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index Levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased and 
in each case the Issuer may make any adjustments to any amount payable under the Securities 
and/or any other term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary. Notice

--- Page 531 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
531 
 
 
of any such adjustment and the effective date thereof shall be given to Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
If "Acceleration upon Rebasing of Index" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
in the case of N&C Securities, give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16 and redeem all (but not some only) of the N&C 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of W&C Securities, give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
W&C Securities Condition 9 and cancel all (but not some only) of the W&C 
Securities, each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount. 
In each case, payments will be made on the Rebasing Acceleration Date in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. For these purposes, the Rebasing Acceleration 
Date shall be the fifth Business Day immediately following the date of the notice of 
termination to Securityholders or such other date as may be specified in such notice. 
1.3.5 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of any Payment/Delivery Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation 
Agent may (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, make any adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
relevant term of the Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable 
under the Securities), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as 
the Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has 
occurred, make only those adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any 
other term of the Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable under 
the Securities), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to 
continue as the Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any 
time after the Cut-off Date in respect of any Payment/Delivery Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine either to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of 
any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such 
Payment/Delivery Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be 
deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding 
Payment/Delivery Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above will 
apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred following the 
Cut-off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Notice of any adjustment made in accordance with this Inflation Linked Condition 
1.3.5 and the effective date thereof shall be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable.

--- Page 532 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
532 
 
 
1.3.6 
Rounding 
For purposes of any calculations by the Calculation Agent in connection with the Index, all 
percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, either: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance 
with the rounding conventions of the documentation governing the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (x) in 
respect of percentages determined through the use of interpolation by reference to two 
Index Levels, in accordance with the method set forth in subsection (y) below, but to 
the same degree of accuracy as the two rates used to make the calculation (except that 
such percentages will not be rounded to a lower degree of accuracy than the nearest 
one thousandth of a percentage point (0.001 per cent.)), (y) in all other cases, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (e.g., 9.876541 per cent. 
(or.09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654 per cent. (or.0987654) and 9.876545 
per cent. (or.09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 per cent. (or.0987655)),  
and if subsection (b) of this Rounding provision is applicable, all currency amounts used in or 
resulting from any calculations by the Calculation Agent in connection with the Index will be 
rounded in the manner indicated for each of the currencies set forth below, and to the nearest 
two decimal places in the relevant currency (with.005 being rounded upwards (e.g.,.674 being 
rounded down to.67 and 675 being rounded up to 68)) if the currency is other than those 
currencies set forth below. Notwithstanding the above, the following currencies shall be 
subject to rounding as follows: 
(i) 
Chilean Peso: round to the nearest whole Chilean Peso (with one half Chilean Peso 
being rounded up); 
(ii) 
Hungarian Forint: round to the nearest whole Hungarian Forint (with one half 
Hungarian Forint being rounded up); 
(iii) 
Japanese Yen: round down to the next lower whole Japanese Yen; and 
(iv) 
Korean Won: round down to the next lower whole Korean Won. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
Cut-off Date means, (i) in respect of a Payment/Delivery Date, the fifth Business Day prior to such 
Payment/Delivery Date, or (ii) in respect of any other determination under the Securities, as referred 
to in the first paragraph of Inflation Linked Condition 1.1, the relevant day by which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, such determination is required to be made, unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
End Date means the Maturity Date (in the case of N&C Securities) or the relevant date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of W&C Securities). 
Fallback Bond means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount 
which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as 
the End Date, (b) a day that is the closest day to but following the End Date if there is no such bond 
maturing on the End Date, or (c) a day that is the closest to but preceding the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation linked bond that 
is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy,

--- Page 533 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
533 
 
 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference 
to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will 
select the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if 
there is more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation 
Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue 
at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
Index means the inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 1.2. 
Index Level means subject to the provisions of Inflation Linked Condition 1.3 and unless otherwise 
provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 in relation to the relevant Index, the first publication or 
announcement of a level of the Index for the relevant Reference Month. 
Index Modification means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in 
any other way materially modifies the Index. 
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the Index 
Level, which as of the Issue Date is the Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment/Delivery Date means a day on which a payment or delivery is scheduled to be made in 
respect of the Securities, the amount of which is to be determined by reference to an Index Level or 
any Substitute Index Level. 
Reference Month means, as specified in the Final Terms, the relevant calendar month for which the 
Index Level is reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period 
for which the Index Level is reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month is the period 
for which the Index Level is reported. 
Related Bond means the bond (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
(i) 
If Fallback Bond is specified under the Related Bond heading in the applicable Final Terms, 
then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. 
(ii) 
If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: 
Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
(iii) 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures prior to the End Date unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related 
Bond determination. 
Related Bond Redemption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the End Date, (i) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled; (ii) the 
Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason; or (iii) the 
issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
3. 
INDEX DESCRIPTIONS 
Where the following Index Descriptions have been specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
applicable Index, the following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 534 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
534 
 
 
3.1 
Australia 
AUD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer Prices 
for Weighted Average of Eight Capital Cities: All - Groups Index before Seasonal Adjustment", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Australia, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.2 
Austria 
AUS – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index 
(2005)", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Austria, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.3 
Brazil 
3.3.1 
BRL – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (IPCA) means the "Non-revised Extensive 
National Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
in Brazil, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations. 
3.3.2 
BRL – Non-revised Price Index (IGP-M) means the "IGP-M General Price Index", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Brazil, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.3.3 
AUS – Non-revised Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (2005)", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the 
rate of inflation in Austria, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
3.4 
Belgium 
3.4.1 
BLG – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.4.2 
BLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index - General Index (CPI) means the "Nonrevised 
Consumer Price Index - General Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations.

--- Page 535 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
535 
 
 
3.4.3 
BLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index - Health Index (CPI) means the "Nonrevised 
Consumer Price Index - Health Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.5 
Canada 
CAD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer Prices", 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Canada, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.6 
Chile 
CLP – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Chile, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.7 
China 
CNY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in China, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.8 
Czech Republic 
CZK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in the Czech Republic, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.9 
Denmark 
3.9.1 
DKK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer 
Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Denmark, expressed as 
an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.9.2 
DKK – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Denmark, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations.

--- Page 536 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
536 
 
 
3.10 
European Union 
3.10.1 EUR – Excluding Tobacco-Non-revised Consumer Price Index means the "Non-revised 
Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed 
as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.10.2 EUR – All Items-Non-revised Consumer Price Index means the "Non-revised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations. 
3.10.3 EUR – All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index means the "Revised Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by the Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent 
revisions of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such 
revisions are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days 
prior to any relevant Payment/Delivery Date. 
3.10.4 EUR – Excluding Tobacco–Revised Consumer Price Index means the "Revised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of such level for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are published or announced up to 
and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Payment/Delivery Date. 
3.11 
Finland 
3.11.1 FIN – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Finland, expressed as 
an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.11.2 FIN – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Finland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.12 
France 
3.12.1 FRC – Excluding Tobacco-Non-Revised Consumer Price Index means the "Nonrevised Index 
of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco1", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France excluding tobacco expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 537 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
537 
 
 
3.12.2 FRC – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in France, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.13 
Germany 
3.13.1 DEM – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised All Items Index of 
Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Germany, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.13.2 DEM – Non-revised Consumer Price Index for North Rhine-Westphalia means the "Non-
revised Index of Consumer Prices for North Rhine-Westphalia", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the 
level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.13.3 DEM – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICPI means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Germany, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.14 
Greece 
3.14.1 GRD – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Greece expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.14.2 GRD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer 
Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Greece expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.15 
Hong Kong 
HKD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Hong Kong, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 538 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
538 
 
 
3.16 
Hungary 
HUF – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Hungary, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.17 
Iceland 
3.17.1 ISK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Iceland, expressed as 
an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.17.2 ISK – Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Non-revised Harmonised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Iceland, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.18 
Indonesia 
IDR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Indonesia, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.19 
Ireland 
3.19.1 IRL – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Consumer Price Index-All Items", 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Ireland, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the 
level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.19.2 IRL – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices - All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring 
the rate of inflation in Ireland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
3.20 
Israel 
ILS – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Consumer Price Index-General", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Israel, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 539 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
539 
 
 
3.21 
Italy 
3.21.1 ITL – Whole Community-Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per I'intera collettivita (NIC) senza tabacchi" or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.21.2 ITL – Whole Community -Including Tobacco Consumer Price Index means the "Indice 
nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per I'intera collettivita (NIC) con tabacchi", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.21.3 ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees-Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) senza 
tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.21.4 ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees-Including Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI) con 
tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of 
a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.21.5 ITL – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Italy, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations. 
3.21.6 MXN – Unidad de Inversion Index (UDI) means the "Unidad de Inversion Index", or relevant 
Successor Index, reporting the daily peso value of an Unidad de Inversion (an UDI), expressed 
as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.22 
Japan 
JPY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index Nationwide General Excluding Fresh Food (CPI) means the 
"Non-revised Consumer Price Index Nationwide General Excluding Fresh Food", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation excluding fresh food in Japan, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 540 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
540 
 
 
3.23 
Luxembourg 
3.23.1 LUX – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Luxembourg, expressed 
as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.23.2 LUX – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Luxembourg, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
3.24 
Malaysia 
MYR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Malaysia, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.25 
Mexico 
MXN – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Mexico, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.26 
Netherlands 
3.26.1 NLG – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the Netherlands, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
3.26.2 NLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in the Netherlands, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.27 
New Zealand 
NZD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in New Zealand, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 541 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
541 
 
 
3.28 
Norway 
NOK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index – 
All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Norway, expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.29 
Peru 
PER – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Peru, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a 
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference 
Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.30 
Poland 
PLN – Non-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Price Indices of Consumer 
Goods and Services", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Poland, expressed 
as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a 
level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level 
for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.31 
Portugal 
3.31.1 POR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Portugal, expressed as 
an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.31.2 POR – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Portugal, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The 
first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final 
and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
3.32 
Russia 
RUB – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Russia, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.33 
Singapore 
SGD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Singapore, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 542 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
542 
 
 
3.34 
South Africa 
3.34.1 ZAR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index Excluding Mortgages (CPIX) means the "Non-
revised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Mortgage", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation excluding mortgages in South Africa, expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level 
of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the 
level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.34.2 ZAR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer 
Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in South Africa, expressed 
as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.35 
South Korea 
KRW – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in South Korea, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.36 
Spain 
3.36.1 ESP – National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Year on Year Revised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or the relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain, 
expressed as an annual percentage and published by the Index Sponsor. The first publication 
or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions of such level 
for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions are published 
or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment/Delivery Date. 
3.36.2 ESP – National-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
'conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations. 
3.36.3 ESP – Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or the relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index, or, if revised, any subsequent revisions 
of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive, provided that such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment/Delivery Date. 
3.36.4 ESP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month 
will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 543 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
543 
 
 
3.37 
Sweden 
SEK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Index of Consumer Prices", 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Sweden, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.38 
Switzerland 
SWF – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Switzerland, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.39 
Taiwan 
TWD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in, Taiwan, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.40 
Turkey 
TRY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Turkey, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations. 
3.41 
United Kingdom 
3.41.1 GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index (UKRPI) means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index 
All Items in the United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the all items rate 
of inflation in the United Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
3.41.2 GBP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP) means the "Nonrevised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the United Kingdom, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations. 
3.41.3 GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments (UKRPIX) 
means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments in the 
United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the all items rate of inflation in the 
United Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations.

--- Page 544 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
544 
 
 
3.42 
United States 
USA – Non-revised Consumer Price Index – Urban (CPI-U) means the "Non-revised index of 
Consumer Prices for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) before seasonal adjustment", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in the United States expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for such Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations.

--- Page 545 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
545 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES (2003 ISDA 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Redemption or Exercise of Credit Linked Securities ........................................................................ 546 
2. 
Auction Settlement ............................................................................................................................ 546 
3. 
Cash Settlement ................................................................................................................................. 547 
4. 
Physical Settlement ........................................................................................................................... 548 
5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension .................................................................................................. 549 
6. 
Grace Period Extension ..................................................................................................................... 550 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension ................................................................ 551 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities ............................................ 552 
9. 
Exercise Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities ........................................... 553 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement ..................................................................................................................... 554 
11. 
Settlement Suspension ....................................................................................................................... 556 
12. 
Redemption/Cancellation following a Merger Event ........................................................................ 557 
13. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 557 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event ....................................................................... 597 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation ............................................................................ 598 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Physically Settled 
Default Swaps– Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity (January 2005)" .......................................... 599 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices ................................................................................................................. 602 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on 3 October 2006) .......................................................................................................... 602 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention .......................... 603 
20. 
Specific Provisions for Credit Linked Warrants ............................................................................... 604

--- Page 546 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
546 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Credit Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities set out below (the Credit Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and 
conditions applicable to W&C Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Credit Linked W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the Credit Linked Conditions, in each case together with the Additional Terms and Conditions contained 
in any of the other Annexes to the Terms and Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to the Securities and subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Securities only, supplement or amendment in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities which are Exempt N&C 
Securities or Credit Linked W&C Securities which are Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, 
and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the case of Credit Linked 
N&C Securities which are not Exempt N&C Securities or Credit Linked W&C Securities which are not Exempt 
W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C 
Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, the N&C Securities Conditions or 
the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  References in the Credit Linked Conditions 
to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" or 
"W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that any day specified in the section "Credit Linked N&C Securities" or 
"Credit Linked W&C Securities", as applicable, in the applicable Final Terms or the last day of any period 
calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
1. 
Redemption or Exercise of Credit Linked Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 and Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable: 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant 
Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked W&C Security will be exercised automatically by the Principal Agent on 
behalf of Securityholders on the Exercise Date and entitles the holder to receive the relevant 
Cash Settlement Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Settlement Date. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, then where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or 
prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice 
an Auction Settlement Notice) to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and, subject to any adjustment in accordance with Credit

--- Page 547 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
547 
 
 
Linked Condition 14, redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Securities and pay 
in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption 
Date. 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to determine the matters 
described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date; 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit Event 
Determination Date; or 
(v) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (b)(B)(I) or 
(b)(B)(II) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date, 
then: 
(A) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(B) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 below. 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Securities become redeemable or are cancelled in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amounts in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked 
N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked W&C Security.  Any shortfall shall be 
borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(A) above applies, 
the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a Cash Settlement Notice) to the Holders in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable and redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, all but not some only of the Securities, and pay in respect of each unit or nominal amount 
of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date.

--- Page 548 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
548 
 
 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Securities become redeemable or are cancelled in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amounts in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked 
N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked W&C Security.  Any shortfall shall be 
borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(B) above applies, 
the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice 
(such notice a Notice of Physical Settlement) to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel, as applicable all 
but not some only of the Securities and Deliver in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as 
applicable, the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement on the Credit Settlement Date, 
subject to and in accordance with the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions 
and these Credit Linked Conditions. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Entitlement that it reasonably expects to Deliver.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their 
market value. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable (each such notification, a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice) that the Issuer is 
replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice is effective).  A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each replacement 
Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a Replacement Deliverable Obligation) 
and shall also specify the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (determined on 
the same basis as in the definition of Entitlement) of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is 
being replaced or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount (with respect to each such 
Deliverable Obligation, the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount).  The 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s), taken together, shall have an aggregate Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance(s) and/or Due and 
Payable Amount(s) (or the equivalent Currency Amount(s) of any such amount(s)) of the Deliverable 
Obligations being replaced.  Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on 
or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; it being 
understood that such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice. 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is

--- Page 549 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
549 
 
 
a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the 
Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date 
not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Securities become redeemable or are cancelled in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall have 
discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation 
whatsoever in respect thereof.  The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked 
N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked W&C Security.  Any shortfall shall be 
borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply. 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit 
Linked Condition 8(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date (as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 8) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential 
Repudiation Moratorium will, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on 
the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be 
payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked

--- Page 550 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
550 
 
 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall 
apply to the Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise Date or, if Credit 
Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed Exercise Date (as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 9) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium will, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Exercise Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance 
with W&C Securities Condition 9 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, the Exercise Date for the W&C Securities shall be postponed until the fifth 
Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall 
apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
6. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more 
Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on 
the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date 
and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or

--- Page 551 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
551 
 
 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit 
Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more 
Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled 
Exercise Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Exercise Date), 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify such Potential Failure to Pay to the Holders in 
accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 and: 
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date, the 
Exercise Date for the W&C Securities will be postponed until the fifth Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit 
Linked W&C Securities. 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
16 that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (the DC Cut-off Date) being the 
earliest of: (i) 15 Business Days following the date on which the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, (ii) the second Business 
Day following the date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
that a Credit Event has not occurred and (iii) 15 Business Days following the date on which 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off Date: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the DC Cut-off Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or if none the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the fifth Business Day following the DC Cut-off Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of such delay; or

--- Page 552 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
552 
 
 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off Date and Conditions to 
Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 
3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior 
to the Scheduled Exercise Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify Holders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 that 
the Exercise Date has been postponed to a date (the DC Cut-off Date) being the earliest of: 
(i) 15 Business Days following the date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred; (ii) the date on which the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred and (iii) 
15 Business Days following the date on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine whether a Credit 
Event has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off Date, each Credit Linked 
W&C Security will be cancelled by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth 
Business Day following the DC Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off Date and Conditions to 
Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 
3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C 
Securities. 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 apply to Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B), if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date or (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, as 
the case may be, Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied but, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 that the Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period 
Extension Date or the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, as the case may be, has been postponed 
to a date (such date the Postponed Maturity Date) specified in such notice falling 15 Business Days 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, as the case may be, or if such day is not 
a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, and: 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), the

--- Page 553 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
553 
 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed 
Maturity Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below, each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Coupon 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the 
Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business Day 
following the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such 
delay; or 
(ii) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), Conditions to Settlement are satisfied on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, 
Credit Linked Condition 4 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to 
the Credit Linked N&C Securities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Condition 8(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 5 shall apply to the Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
9. 
Exercise Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if the Exercise Date is scheduled to fall: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Exercise Date or, (B) if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date or (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, as 
the case may be, and on such date Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied but, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Exercise Date, and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Holders in accordance with W&C Securities 
Condition 9 that the Exercise Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period 
Extension Date or the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, as the case may be, has been postponed 
to a date (such date the Postponed Exercise Date) specified in such notice falling 15 Business Days 
after the Scheduled Exercise Date, the previous Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the last day of the Notice Delivery Date, as the case may be, or if such day 
is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, and; 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied on or 
prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed

--- Page 554 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
554 
 
 
Exercise Date, subject as provided below each Credit Linked W&C Security will be 
automatically exercised on the Postponed Exercise Date and the provisions of W&C Securities 
Condition 5 will apply; or 
(ii) 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), Conditions to Settlement are satisfied on 
or prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, 
Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to 
the Credit Linked W&C Securities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, the Issuer shall give notice (a Partial Cash Settlement Notice) to the 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only the following terms shall be defined as 
follows (unless, in the case of Exempt Securities only, otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
Indicative Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation 
Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors 
as such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery 
rates. 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and 
lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations 
are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and exactly three 
Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained 
(and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, 
subject to paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the

--- Page 555 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
555 
 
 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if the 
Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value shall be zero. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, if applicable, with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, less if applicable (C) 
Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after (i) the 
calculation of the Final Price or (ii) the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if applicable. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation 
Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  
If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on 
any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if 
applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on 
such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were 
not obtained on such day. 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market 
of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may 
be, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest.  All 
Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a percentage 
of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such Quotation will instead 
be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance for the purposes of 
determining the Final Price.

--- Page 556 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
556 
 
 
Quotation Amount is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that 
the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
Quotation Method is deemed to be Bid. 
Reference Obligation is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
Valuation Method is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
Valuation Time is the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no time is so 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance of as large a size as available 
but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(i) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit Linked Condition 9 above, if, 
following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date but prior to the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date, ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in sub-
paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied 
in accordance with the Rules, the Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the 
applicable timing requirements of this Credit Linked Condition 11 and the definitions of 
Coupon Payment Date, Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Physical Settlement 
Period, and any other Credit Linked Condition as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall 
toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a Suspension 
Period) until such time as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in sub-
paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (b) not to 
determine such matters.  During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any Securityholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in 
connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Securities.  Once ISDA has publicly 
announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (A) 
the matters described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date or (B) not to determine such matters, the relevant timing requirements of this 
Credit Linked Condition 11 that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA with the Issuer having the benefit

--- Page 557 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
557 
 
 
of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this 
Credit Linked Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the N&C 
Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions 
as may be desirable or required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to 
account for or reflect such suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such 
adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(ii) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing N&C Securities: 
(A) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Coupon Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of a 
Coupon Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(B) 
if a Coupon Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Coupon Payment Date 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Coupon Payment Date and no later than the fifth Coupon Payment 
Date following the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of N&C 
Securities Condition 6 and Credit Linked Conditions 5, 6 and 7. 
12. 
Redemption/Cancellation following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable, and redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Securities and pay in 
respect of each unit or nominal amount of the N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or 
each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the 
Merger Event Redemption Date. 
13. 
Definitions 
2.5-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
5-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
20-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
2005 Matrix Supplement means the 2005 Matrix Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA on 7 March 2005. 
Accreted Amount means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to (a) the sum of 
(i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the amount payable at maturity that 
has accreted in accordance with the terms of the obligation (or as otherwise described below), less (b) 
any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, under the terms of such obligation, reduce the 
amount payable at maturity (unless such cash payments have been accounted for in (a)(ii) above), in 
each case calculated as of the earlier of (A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of 
fixing the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation 
Date, as the case may be.  Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash 
interest payments (as determined by the Calculation Agent) only if "Include Accrued Interest" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  If an Accreting Obligation is expressed

--- Page 558 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
558 
 
 
to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such Obligation's yield to maturity is not specified 
in, nor implied from, the terms of such Obligation, then, for the purposes of (a)(ii) above, the Accreted 
Amount shall be calculated using a rate equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation.  Such yield 
shall be determined on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such 
obligation and the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be 
determined as of the earlier of (A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the 
amount of a claim in respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as 
the case may be.  The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, any 
amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity 
Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
Accreting Obligation means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible Obligation 
or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an amount payable upon 
acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to the face amount thereof) plus an 
additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue discount or other accruals of interest or 
principal not payable on a periodic basis) that will or may accrete, whether or not (a) payment of such 
additional amounts is subject to a contingency or determined by reference to a formula or index, or (b) 
periodic cash interest is also payable. 
Auction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement Date shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
Auction Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding

--- Page 559 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
559 
 
 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) or the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities), 
whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar 
days thereafter or before the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) or the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities), 
whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) above. 
Best Available Information means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities regulator 
or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial information 
which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred or which provides such 
information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession 
Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma financial information and, if provided 
subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, pro forma financial information but before 
the Calculation Agent makes its determination for the purposes of the definition of 
"Successor", other relevant information that is contained in any written communication 
provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock exchange, 
shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities regulators or 
primary stock exchange, or which does not provide to shareholders, creditors or other persons 
whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the information contemplated in (i) 
above, the best publicly available information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow 
it to make a determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor". 
Information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event shall not constitute "Best Available Information". 
Calculation Agent City Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in the definition 
of Conditions to Settlement.

--- Page 560 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
560 
 
 
Cash Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent 
may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of the 
definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation, such determination shall be made as of the 
Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may be. 
Conditions to Settlement means the requirements set out in each of (a), (b) and (c), as applicable, 
below: 
(a) 
all of the Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed to be satisfied by the occurrence of a Credit 
Event Determination Date except where such Credit Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, 
the Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date, the Maturity Date or the 
Exercise Date, as applicable, unless Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement 
Method) in which case all of the Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed to be satisfied by 
delivery of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice as described in (c) below on or 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available Information Condition to Settlement is satisfied if 
either (i) the Calculation Agent delivers to the Issuer a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that is effective during one of the periods specified in paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date or (ii) ISDA publicly announces on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Credit Event for purposes of the relevant Securities has occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent delivers to the Issuer a notice of physical settlement (a Calculation 
Agent Physical Settlement Notice), subject where applicable to Credit Linked Condition 11, 
on or prior to: 
(i) 
the later of: 
(A) 
the thirty-second calendar day (subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention) after the Credit Event Determination 
Date; and

--- Page 561 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
561 
 
 
(B) 
the twelfth calendar day after either (I) the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement, if any, or (II) the date on which ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in paragraphs ((a) and 
(b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Physical Delivery" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method and: 
(A) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or, if such Credit Event is a 
Restructuring, such Restructuring has occurred where neither "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" nor 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), the thirty-second calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or 
the No Auction Announcement Date, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring and either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
I. 
the thirty-second calendar day after: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (c) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, in circumstances where no Parallel Auction will 
be held; or 
(3) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
II. 
the second Relevant City Business Day immediately following the 
later of the Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any 
(or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Final 
Price Determination Date), and the Parallel Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where 
either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option; 
or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (c) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date in circumstances where one or more Parallel Auctions 
will be held,

--- Page 562 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
562 
 
 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (c)(i)(B) and (c)(ii), the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the date described in paragraph (c)(i)(A). 
For purposes of determining whether the conditions of this paragraph (c) have 
been satisfied, the effective date of delivery of the Calculation Agent Physical 
Settlement Notice (whether or not subsequently changed) shall be used. 
Convertible Obligation means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the 
benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement 
option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be published by ISDA 
on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be 
amended from time to time in accordance with the Rules. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (and each a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee) means the committees established by ISDA for purposes of reaching certain DC 
Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions, as more fully described in the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance 
with the terms thereof (the Rules). 
Credit Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the applicable 
Final Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring, or (in the case of Exempt Securities) any 
additional Credit Event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to 
Repudiation/Moratorium, the event described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or

--- Page 563 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
563 
 
 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer during the Notice Delivery Period; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where: 
(A) 
the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
to Resolve the matters described in paragraph (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance with the 
Rules; 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to determine such matters; and 
(C) 
the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine such matters, 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to subsection (b) below, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice 
and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer during either: 
(A) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(B) 
the period (I) from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date (II) to, and including, the date that is fourteen calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, 
either: 
(A) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if 
I. 
either:

--- Page 564 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
564 
 
 
(1) 
Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring; and 
II. 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer on 
or prior to the date falling two Business Days after the Exercise Cut-off Date; 
or 
(B) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer during (I) the Notice Delivery Period or (II) the period from, and 
including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces the occurrence of the relevant 
DC Credit Event Announcement to, and including, the date that is fourteen calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
I. 
Auction Settlement is not specified as the applicable Settlement Method in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
II. 
Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer on a date that is later than the date falling two 
Business Days after the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that, in the case of paragraph (b) above, (1) this shall be subject to any 
adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 14 and (2) no Credit Event 
Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event has previously been 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer unless the Restructuring specified in 
such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the notice to ISDA resulting in the 
occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; and 
provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit 
Event Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, the Maturity Date or the Exercise Date, as applicable, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity 
or Obligation thereof. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred 
on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is 
deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Coupon Payment Dates, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to this Condition 10 (including any 
adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same 
economic position of Holders as would have prevailed had a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurred on such deemed date of occurrence and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
Credit Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred at or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and on or prior 
to the Extension Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time).

--- Page 565 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
565 
 
 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  A Credit Event 
Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in N&C Securities Condition 16 
or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A x B) – C 
where: 
"A" is the Calculation Amount (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Notional Amount 
of each W&C Security (in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities)); 
"B" is the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, as applicable; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
Credit Event Redemption Date means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the day falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms following the latest of (i) the Auction 
Settlement Date or the calculation of the Final Price (if Cash Settlement applies or is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) the Credit Event Determination Date and (iii) the date when the 
Credit Event Notice is delivered.  
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered in 
accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has 
occurred, the date of the occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the first date on which such notice was effective and on which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession, in accordance with the Rules, of 
Publicly Available Information with respect to the DC Resolutions referred to in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) above. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Rules provide that each "Eligible Market Participant" (being 
each party which is a party to a credit derivatives transaction that have, or are deemed to have 
incorporated the March 2009 Supplement or the July 2009 Supplement in a confirmation) is permitted 
to deliver such a notice to ISDA pursuant to the Rules. 
Credit Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement (the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date) provided that if a 
Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i)

--- Page 566 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
566 
 
 
the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the 
day falling 60 Business Days following the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Securities into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is 
denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next 
Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that (a) an event 
that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation 
thereof) and (b) such event occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time) and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to the 
Relevant Time).  A DC Credit Event Announcement will be deemed not to have occurred unless (i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date with respect to such Credit Event occurred on or prior to 
the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and (ii) the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation 
Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
DC Cut-off Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, 
following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the subject of the notice to 
ISDA resulting in the occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution Request Date does not constitute a 
Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation thereof). 
DC Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, transfer 
of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for 
the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary

--- Page 567 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
567 
 
 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest 
in the Entitlement to the relevant Holder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above or right of 
set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor) provided that if all or a 
portion of the Entitlement consists of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure 
the creation) of a participation in favour of the relevant Holder and to the extent that the Deliverable 
Obligations consist of Qualifying Guarantees, "Deliver" means to deliver both the Qualifying 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly.  
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
Deliverable Obligation means, subject as provided in Credit Linked Condition 4: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly, as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms) that (i) is payable in an amount 
equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is 
not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" above)) or right of 
set off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the 
case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the 
Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders 
against the Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-
payment or similar procedural requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of the definition of "Not Contingent" in "(A) Method for 
Determining Deliverable Obligations" below, each Reference Obligation, unless specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, 
any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than 
a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a)-(d) of the definition 
of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an 
Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or 
on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered apart from 
the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being 
understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural 
requirement; and 
(d) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of this definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of each Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 568 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
568 
 
 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, subject to (B)(3) below, having 
each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, as of the date of the event which constitutes the Credit 
Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the notice to ISDA 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in 
the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of 
determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation 
Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(2) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each 
as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Not Contingent, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer 
where: 
(i) 
Not Contingent means any obligation having as of the Delivery Date 
and all times thereafter an Outstanding Principal Balance or, in the 
case of obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, that pursuant to the terms of such obligation may not be 
reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than payment).  A Convertible Obligation, an 
Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting Obligation shall 
constitute Deliverable Obligations that are Not Contingent if such 
Deliverable Obligation otherwise meets the requirements of the 
preceding sentence so long as, in the case of a Convertible Obligation 
or an Exchangeable Obligation, the right (A) to convert or exchange 
such obligation or (B) to require the issuer to purchase or redeem 
such obligation (if the issuer has exercised the right to pay the 
purchase or redemption price, in whole or in part, in Equity 
Securities) has not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, then such Reference Obligation may be 
included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the rights referred to in 
clauses (A) and (B) of paragraph (i) above have not been exercised 
(or such exercise has been effectively rescinded) on or before the 
Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or 
novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions 
(irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent;

--- Page 569 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
569 
 
 
(iii) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(iv) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Holder that provides each Holder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Holder and either 
(A) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may be, (to 
the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as 
applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the 
extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(v) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, 
provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation 
S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; 
(vi) 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity from the Credit Settlement Date of not greater than the 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(vii) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the total 
amount owed, whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration, upon 
termination or otherwise (other than amounts in respect of default 
interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts), is, or 
on or prior to the Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but 
for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws; and 
(viii) 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream, International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system.

--- Page 570 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
570 
 
 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(1) 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though Listed had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be 
relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected Obligation Category; 
(2) 
if (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not 
Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category; 
(ii) 
the 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only 
be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the 
selected Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) any of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or 
"Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by 
the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; 
(3) 
if any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as 
the Deliverable Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, 
Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics; and 
(4) 
in the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms from the following list: Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency 
and Not Domestic Law.  For these purposes, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the lawful currency of 
any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the 
United States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic

--- Page 571 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
571 
 
 
Currency and (B) the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(iii) 
Except where provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee and 
Underlying Obligation are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms for purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only 
the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of 
the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Contingent, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan 
Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer. 
(iv) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v) 
The terms "Outstanding Principal Balance" and "Due and Payable 
Amount" (as they are used in these Credit Limited Conditions, 
including without limitation, the definitions of "Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount" and "Quotation Amount" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10) when used in connection with Qualifying Guarantees 
are to be interpreted to be the then "Outstanding Principal Balance" 
or "Due and Payable Amount", as applicable, of the Underlying 
Obligation which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (B) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date such Deliverable Obligation 
is Delivered. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any 
successor currency.  If no currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Domestic Currency 
shall be the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is 
organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.  In no event shall Domestic Currency include 
any successor currency if such successor currency is the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro (or any successor 
currency to any such currency). 
Downstream Affiliate means (a) an entity at the date of the event giving rise to the Credit Event which 
is the subject of the Credit Event Notice, the Delivery Date or the time of identification of a Substitute 
Reference Obligation (as applicable), whose outstanding Voting Shares are more than 50 per cent. 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity or (b) of Provisions relating to Qualifying 
Guarantee and Underlying Obligation are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, an entity 
whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 
50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity.  As used herein, Voting Shares

--- Page 572 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
572 
 
 
shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (4)(v) of paragraph (B) 
(Interpretation of Provisions) in the definition of Deliverable Obligation, the amount that is due and 
payable under (and in accordance with the terms of) a Deliverable Obligation on the Delivery Date, 
whether by reason of acceleration, maturity, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts). 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (2) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in the 
aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
a Sovereign, Sovereign Agency or Supranational Organisation. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies. 
Enabling Obligation means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that (i) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as applicable, and (ii) has a final maturity date 
occurring on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) 
or the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities) and following the 
Limitation Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as 
applicable (or, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as 
applicable, occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date, following the final maturity date of the Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any).

--- Page 573 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
573 
 
 
Entitlement means, in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal 
to the Calculation Amount or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, Deliverable 
Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest (as determined by the Calculation Agent) if 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, but 
excluding accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, and if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued 
Interest" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, excluding accrued but unpaid 
interest); or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the Calculation Amount (in the case of 
Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Notional Amount of each W&C Security (in the case of Credit 
Linked W&C Securities) less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
Deliverable Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business 
Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit Event 
Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date equal to the Unwind Costs. 
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater than 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such 
obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be payable upon the occurrence or non-
occurrence of such event or circumstance. 
Equity Securities means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of 
the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing equity securities of the issuer 
of such obligation together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders 
of those equity securities from time to time; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) 
of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those 
equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation together with any other 
property distributed to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to 
time. 
Exchangeable Obligation means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the 
benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement 
option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of 
a type described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Excluded Obligation means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type 
described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event:

--- Page 574 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
574 
 
 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or if such Credit Event is a Restructuring, such 
Restructuring has occurred and neither "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" nor "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any, 
as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring and either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may 
be published, the date that is ten Relevant City Business Days following the date on 
which ISDA publishes the Final List applicable to such Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in accordance with the Rules; or 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of No Auction Announcement Date, the date that is 21 calendar days following such 
No Auction Announcement Date. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities) (together, for the purposes of 
this definition of Extension Date, the Scheduled Termination Date); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice 
or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
as applicable, is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Termination Date (determined 
by reference to the Relevant Time), and (iii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such 
Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference 
to the Relevant Time); and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (i) "Repudiation Moratorium" is specified as 
a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Repudiation/Moratorium for which the event 
described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium occurs after the 
Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time), (iii) the 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and 
(iv) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 575 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
575 
 
 
Failure to Pay means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. 
Fallback Settlement Method means, with respect to any Securities for which Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, the fallback settlement 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final List has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Final Price means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage, determined in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, where applicable, Credit Linked Condition 10.  The Calculation Agent shall as soon as 
practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, make available for inspection by 
Holders at the specified office of the Principal Agent (i) each such Quotation that it receives in 
connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation 
of the Final Price. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds.  Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".  For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable 
Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation", such 
determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for the relevant Deliverable Obligation, taking 
into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer or consent 
documents which have been obtained by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may 
be. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of organisation of a Reference Entity. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) (in each case determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the 
Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, (determined by reference to the Relevant Time), the 
Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as

--- Page 576 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
576 
 
 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, 
as applicable. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable (determined by reference to the Relevant Time), 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Hedge Disruption Event means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event as a result of which 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the 
terms of any transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate to hedge the obligations 
or position of the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot 
be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years (the 5-year Limitation Date), 
7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years (the 20-year Limitation Date), as applicable.  
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention 
unless it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that Limitation Dates will be adjusted in accordance 
with a specified Business Day Convention. 
Market Value means, with respect to a Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);

--- Page 577 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
577 
 
 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighed Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, either (A) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or a Reference Entity (any such entity, the Mergor) consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to (i) where the 
Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), a Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is a 
Reference Entity, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), or (B) (i) either of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) 
USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date or the 
Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, provided that, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, is later than the 2.5 year Limitation Date, at least 
one Enabling Obligation exists.  Where "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, is later than 
the 2.5 year Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year Limitation Date, a Restructured Bond or Loan will 
not constitute an Enabling Obligation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, is either (i) on or prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date 
or (ii) later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or prior to the 5-year Limitation Date and no 
Enabling Obligation exists, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 5-year 
Limitation Date in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan only.

--- Page 578 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
578 
 
 
Subject to the foregoing, in the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise 
Date, as applicable, is later than (A) the 2.5 year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists or 
(B) the 20-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable. 
Movement Option means, where either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
where a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Securities, for purposes of 
settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could be specified in 
any Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest 
number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply).  If no Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Securities will 
be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method.  If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be 
notified to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, 
as applicable. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is six Relevant City Business Days following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on such London Business Day as the 
Calculation Agent shall select falling no more than 5 London Business Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which ISDA first 
publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of a Restructuring where 
either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms only, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior 
public announcement by ISDA to the contrary. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is fourteen calendar days after the Extension Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, 
the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the 
occurrence of both paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.  The notice 
given must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information.  If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable,

--- Page 579 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
579 
 
 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of 
Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked 
Condition 17. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means, where (a) either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to the Auction 
Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) specifies the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) 
is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly, as a provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in 
"Method for Determining Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Obligation); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless specified as an 
Excluded Obligation; and 
(c) 
any Additional Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Method for Determining Obligations.  For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
Obligation, the term "Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of each Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as of the date 
of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice 
or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable.  The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
(1) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(2) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(3) 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(4) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money;

--- Page 580 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
580 
 
 
(5) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(6) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(B) 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
(1) 
(a) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (1) the 
most senior Reference Obligation in priority of payment or, (2) if no 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity provided 
that, if any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred with respect to all of the 
Reference Obligations or if the final paragraph of the definition of Successor 
is applicable with respect to the Reference Obligation (each, in each case, a 
"Prior Reference Obligation") and no Substitute Reference Obligation has 
been identified for any of the Prior Reference Obligations at the time of the 
determination of whether an obligation satisfies the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as 
applicable, "Not Subordinated" shall mean an obligation that would not have 
been Subordinated to the most senior such Prior Reference Obligation in 
priority of payment.  For purposes of determining whether an obligation 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the ranking in priority of payment of each 
Reference Obligation or each prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall 
be determined as of the date as of which the relevant Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred and shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
(b) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Subordinated 
Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such 
obligation is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or 
other similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, the existence of 
preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be taken into account, 
except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of 
law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; 
(2) 
Credit Linked Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the 
currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Credit 
Linked Specified Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency

--- Page 581 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
581 
 
 
is so specified, any of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies, which currencies shall be referred to 
collectively in the applicable Final Terms as the "Standard Specified Currencies"); 
(3) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to a 
Sovereign or Supranational Organisation, including, without limitation, obligations 
generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(4) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the Domestic Currency; 
(5) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the laws of (a) the 
relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign; 
(6) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(7) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at 
the time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or 
incurred, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
relevant Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether 
such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be intended for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (4)(vi) of paragraph (B) 
(Interpretation of Provisions.) in the definition of Deliverable Obligation: 
(a) 
with respect to any Accreting Obligation, the Accreted Amount thereof; and 
(b) 
with respect to any other obligation, the outstanding principal balance of such obligation, 
Provided That with respect to any Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting Obligation, 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of 
such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is 
exchangeable.

--- Page 582 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
582 
 
 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date means "Auction Final Price Determination Date" 
as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Date means "Auction Settlement Date" as such term shall be defined in 
the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of a Restructuring where either 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA with respect to such Restructuring in accordance with the Rules, and for which (i) 
the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference Transaction and (ii) the Reference 
Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided that if no such Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may select in its sole discretion the 
applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
Permitted Currency means (i) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that 
becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership), or (ii) the legal 
tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development and has a local currency long term debt rating of either 
AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
or any successor to the rating business thereof, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's Investors 
Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch 
Ratings or any successor to the rating business thereof. 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business 
Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest 
number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Potential Credit Event means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential Credit Event.

--- Page 583 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
583 
 
 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each determine 
whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of 
any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at 
the time of such failure. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if a source is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of Bloomberg Service, 
Dow Jones Telerate Service, Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow Jones News Wire, Wall 
Street Journal, New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial 
Times, La Tribune, Les Echos and The Australian Financial Review (and successor publications), the 
main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, 
regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information 
provided that, if either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or 
any of their respective Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such information, then 
such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available Information unless 
either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their 
Affiliates is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the case 
may be, a Sovereign Agency in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign or 
(B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding described in 
paragraph (d) of the definition of Bankruptcy against or by a Reference Entity; or 
(iv) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body. 
(b) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (i) the sole source of information in its capacity as 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for the Obligation with respect to which a Credit Event has occurred and (ii) a holder of 
such Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver to the Issuer a certificate 
signed by a Managing Director (or other substantially equivalent title) of the Calculation 
Agent, which shall certify the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Obligation.

--- Page 584 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
584 
 
 
(c) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (a) (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, 
the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the entity disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to the party receiving such information. 
(d) 
Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that such occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant to which a 
Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal arrangement) to pay 
all amounts due under an obligation (the Underlying Obligation) for which another party is the 
obligor (the Underlying Obligor). and (except where provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee and 
Underlying Obligation are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms) that is not at the time 
of the Credit Event Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Underlying Obligor (with references in the definition of Subordination to the Reference Entity deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor).  Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any arrangement (i) 
structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be (a) discharged, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered or (b) where provisions relating to Qualifying 
Guarantee and Underlying Obligation are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
discharged, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of law), in each case as 
a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than payment).  The 
benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers 
and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the

--- Page 585 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
585 
 
 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
(b) 
(i) 
If "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of Quotations, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine based on then current market practice in the market of the Reference 
Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest.  All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or 
determination. 
(c) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a percentage 
of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such Quotation will instead 
be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance for the purposes of 
determining the Final Price. 
Quotation Amount means the amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Reference 
Obligation or Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation Agent provided that the aggregate of 
all such amounts (or the equivalent of such amount in the Specified Currency converted by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates at or about the relevant Valuation Date) shall not 
exceed the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Securities on or about the relevant Valuation Date.  
Quotation Dealer means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
Reference Entity means the entity or entities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  Any 
Successor to a Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or

--- Page 586 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
586 
 
 
following the Trade Date or (b) in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the 
Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of 
a Succession Event Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the Rules shall, in each 
case, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series. 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified or of a type described as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Reference Transaction means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same as 
in respect of the Securities (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable, of the Securities; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or any 
credit derivative elections made in relation to the Securities. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations constituting Bonds and Loans of the Reference Entity 
outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession Event, excluding any debt 
obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will determine the entity which succeeds to such Relevant 
Obligations on the basis of the Best Available Information.  If the date on which the Best Available 
Information becomes available or is filed precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession 
Event, any assumptions as to the allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the 
Best Available Information will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event, whether or not this is in fact the case. 
Relevant Time means Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement) Tokyo time). 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 4. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
4. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority:

--- Page 587 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
587 
 
 
(x) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(y) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time) (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, 
as applicable, unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with 
the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) 
or, (y) (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) if Credit Linked Condition 8(y) applies, 
the Postponed Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) or (z) (in the 
case of Credit Linked W&C Securities) if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed 
Exercise Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each 
effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to 
a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior to 
the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise 
Date, as applicable, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
either (A) an event does not constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as 
applicable (determined by reference to the Relevant Time).

--- Page 588 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
588 
 
 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Rules provide that each "Eligible Market Participant" (being 
each party which is a party to a credit derivatives transaction that have, or are deemed to have 
incorporated the March 2009 Supplement or the July 2009 Supplement in a confirmation) is permitted 
to deliver such a notice to ISDA pursuant to the Rules. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or after the Trade Date and on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable (determined by reference to the Relevant 
Time).  A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and 
indicate the date of the occurrence.  The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning set out in the Rules, and Resolved and Resolves shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, and such event is not expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of (a) the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable 
to the relevant Securities and (b) the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any 
currency which is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated in a 
currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union; 
(b) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and

--- Page 589 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
589 
 
 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee.  In the case of a Qualifying Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the definition of Restructuring and the 
definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to 
the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this definition of Restructuring shall continue to refer 
to the Reference Entity. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of 
Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities), provided that, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise 
Date, as applicable, is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, occurs prior to the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, is later than 
(i)(A) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any, or (B) the 2.5-
year Limitation Date, and, in either case, no Enabling Obligation exists or (ii) the 20-year Limitation 
Date, the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of such Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at 
the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Rules has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee" above. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Currency of the Securities. 
Settlement Method means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, Auction Settlement, (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Physical Delivery.

--- Page 590 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
590 
 
 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority (including without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
thereof. 
Sovereign Agency means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Sovereign Reference 
Entity (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice 
has occurred and (b) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (3) of "(B) Interpretation of Provisions" in the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring without regard to whether the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Category or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics after such Restructuring. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, two. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means one or more obligations of a Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) that may replace one or more 
Reference Obligations in respect of such Reference Entity, identified and selected by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following procedures: 
(a) 
In the event that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity is redeemed in whole; or 
(ii) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (A) the aggregate amounts due under any 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity have been materially 
reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity is an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a 
Reference Entity and the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding 
obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms or (C) 
for any other reason any Reference Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity is no 
longer an obligation of such Reference Entity, 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (including following the determination of a Credit 
Event Determination Date) identify one or more Obligations to replace such Reference 
Obligation in respect of a Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations shall be an 
Obligation that (i) ranks pari passu in priority of payment with the ranking in priority of 
payment of each of the Substitute Reference Obligation and such Reference Obligation (with 
the ranking in priority of payment of such Reference Obligation being determined as of the 
date as of which such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not reflecting any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date), (ii) preserves the economic 
equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the Calculation Agent of the delivery 
and payment obligations of the Issuer and (iii) is an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee).  The Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations

--- Page 591 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
591 
 
 
identified by the Calculation Agent shall, if so selected at the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, without further action, replace such Reference Obligation or Reference Obligations. 
(c) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in paragraph (a) 
above has occurred with respect to one or more but not all such Reference Obligations, and 
the Calculation Agent determines not to select a Substitute Reference Obligation or that no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available for one or more of such Reference Obligations, 
each such Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is selected or 
available shall cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in paragraph (a) 
above has occurred with respect to all such Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that at least one Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any such 
Reference Obligation, then each such Reference Obligation may, at the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be replaced by a Substitute Reference Obligation and each Reference 
Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available or for which the 
Calculation Agent, in its discretion, decides not to select a Substitute Reference Obligation 
will cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If: 
(i) 
more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to all such Reference Obligations and 
the Calculation Agent determines not to select a Substitute Reference Obligation or 
that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any of such Reference 
Obligations; or 
(ii) 
only one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
respect of a Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to such Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines not to select a Substitute Reference Obligation or that 
no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for that Reference Obligation, 
then the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify a Substitute Reference 
Obligation until the Extension Date although the Calculation Agent is not obliged to select a 
Substitute Reference Obligation at any time.  If (A) either (i) Cash Settlement is specified as 
the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback 
Settlement Method) and the Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined by reference to 
a Reference Obligation or (ii) either Auction Settlement or Physical Delivery is specified as 
the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Physical Delivery, is 
applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and, in each case, the Reference 
Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time), a Substitute Reference Obligation has not 
been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension Date to redeem 
or cancel the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount or the Early Cancellation Amount, 
as applicable, (determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the creditworthiness 
of the Reference Entity at the time of the early redemption or cancellation, as applicable) by 
notice to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities 
Condition 9, as applicable (such payment to be made as specified in such notice.

--- Page 592 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
592 
 
 
(f) 
For the purposes of identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the Reference 
Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, convert 
such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
Succession Event means (i) with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such 
as a merger, de-merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin-off or other 
similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation 
of law or pursuant to any agreement or (ii) with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
event such as an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution 
or other event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Succession Event" shall not include an event (A) in which the holders 
of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of another entity, 
unless such exchange occurs in connection with a merger, demerger, consolidation, amalgamation, 
transfer of assets or liabilities, spin-off or other similar event or (B) with respect to which the legally 
effective date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has 
occurred prior to the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) 
applicable to the relevant Series. 
Succession Event Backstop Date means: 
(i) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Succession Event, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Succession Event Resolution Request 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which the Succession Event Notice is effective; and 
(B) 
in circumstances where (I) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
of the definition of Succession Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in 
accordance with the Rules, (II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters and (III) the Succession Event 
Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer not more than fourteen 
calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, 
the Succession Event Resolution Request Date. 
The Succession Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention unless specified in the applicable Final Terms that the Succession Event 
Backstop Date will be adjusted in accordance with a specified Business Day Convention. 
Succession Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a 
Succession Event that occurred on or after the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by 
reference to the Relevant Time). 
A Succession Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination, of (i) whether a Succession Event has occurred and (ii) if relevant, the identity of any 
Successor(s). 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered in 
accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve:

--- Page 593 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
593 
 
 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event for purposes of a Series has occurred 
with respect to the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has 
occurred, (A) with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the legally effective 
date of such event or (B) with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of the 
occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Rules provide that each "Eligible Market Participant" (being 
each party which is a party to a credit derivatives transaction that have, or are deemed to have 
incorporated the March 2009 Supplement or the July 2009 Supplement in a confirmation) is permitted 
to deliver such a notice to ISDA pursuant to the Rules. 
Successor means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or entities, if any, determined 
as set forth below: 
(i) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, that entity will be 
the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than 25 per cent. (but less 
than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more 
than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than 25 per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each directly or indirectly succeed to more than 25 per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, and 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain 
with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a 
Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be 
adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity 
succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of the Succession Event; 
and 
(vi) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity 
succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity

--- Page 594 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
594 
 
 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, the entity from among those entities which 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference Entity) will be the 
sole Successor; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Sovereign Reference Entity, each entity which becomes a direct or indirect 
successor to such Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event irrespective of whether any 
such successor assume(s) any of the obligations of such Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than fourteen calendar days after the 
legally effective date of the occurrence of the relevant Succession Event), and with effect from the 
legally effective date of the occurrence of the Succession Event, whether the relevant thresholds set 
forth above have been met, or which entity qualifies under (a)(vi) above, as applicable provided that 
the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination if, at such time, either (A) ISDA has 
publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
to Resolve the matters described in (a) above and paragraphs (a) and (b)(A) of the definition of 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date (in the case of a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign) 
or (b) above and paragraphs (a) and (b)(B) of the definition of Succession Event Resolution Request 
Date (in the case of a Sovereign Reference Entity) are satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until 
such time (if any) that ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a Successor) or (B) ISDA has publicly 
announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no event 
that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred.  In calculating the percentages used to determine 
whether the relevant thresholds set forth above have been met, or which entity qualifies under (a)(vi) 
above, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, in respect of each applicable Relevant Obligation 
included in such calculation, the amount of the liability in respect of such Relevant Obligation listed 
in the Best Available Information and shall, as soon as practicable after such calculation, make such 
calculation available for inspection by Holder(s) at the specified office of the Principal Agent. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been identified, 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the 
adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the 
Securities under the provisions of the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Succession Event. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
and its Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party other than such Reference 
Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement or (ii) issues Bonds that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case such Reference Entity is no 
longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations 
(or, as applicable, obligations).  The determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this 
definition of "Successor" shall be made, in the case of an exchange offer, on the basis of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations tendered and accepted in the exchange and not

--- Page 595 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
595 
 
 
on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of Bonds for which Relevant Obligations have been 
exchanged. 
Where: 
(A) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have been identified; and 
(C) 
any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation, 
a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" above. 
Supranational Organisation means any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more Sovereigns, 
and includes, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central 
Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, with respect to a Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision.  In 
relation to a Credit Event (and as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms), ISDA may publish one or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time 
to time.  Each such form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, 
definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction 
Final Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event.  The Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms for purposes of the Securities shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered 
Transaction (as such term will be set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms).  
The Reference Transaction (as set out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative 
transaction included in these Credit Linked Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate to the Securities. 
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the 
Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any 
reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect 
to the Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if "Standard Associated 
Costs" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Associated Costs as defined in N&C Securities 
Condition 8.7 in respect of N&C Securities or as defined in W&C Securities Condition 5.3 in respect 
of W&C Securities. 
Valuation Date means (a) where Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the day falling three Business Days after the Final Delivery Date (as such term is defined in 
the Physical N&C Delivery N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as 
applicable), or (b) otherwise, a date falling the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms 
following the latest to occur of (i) the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, (ii) the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, (iii) the Credit Event Determination Date, and (iv) the date on which the

--- Page 596 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
596 
 
 
Credit Event Notice is delivered, all as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, which it 
may, if it elects, determine as the appropriate date with regard to the Issuer's hedging arrangements. 
Valuation Method: 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with only 
one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with only 
one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with more 
than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Blended Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Value for 
each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
Blended Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent for each Reference Obligation with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Blended Highest. 
(d) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with more 
than one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Average Blended Market means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Market 
Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with 
respect to each Valuation Date; or

--- Page 597 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
597 
 
 
(ii) 
Average Blended Highest means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Highest 
Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with 
respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Blended Highest. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market, Average 
Market, Blended Market or Average Blended Market, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Where applicable, the applicable Final Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method 
which shall be applicable in respect of the relevant Securities. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is so 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
Weighted Average Quotation means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance of 
as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but, if a Minimum Quotation Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if 
quotations of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in 
size as practicable to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to 
the Quotation Amount. 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of a 
Restructuring with respect to a Series for which either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial 
Redemption Amount) that may be less than the aggregate Nominal Amount of those N&C 
Securities outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice.  In such 
circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply 
to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such N&C Security shall be redeemed in 
part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each such N&C Security not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount 
outstanding of such N&C Security as provided in N&C Securities Condition 6 (adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such 
N&C Security in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of 
the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, 
following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been 
determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to

--- Page 598 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
598 
 
 
Securityholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such 
adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as 
practicable the same economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise 
reflect or account for the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) 
and (y) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) apply in respect of the N&C Securities, 
on redemption of part of each such N&C Security the relevant N&C Security or, if the N&C 
Securities are represented by a Global N&C Security, such Global N&C Security, shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
(b) 
in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in relation to that 
Restructuring and in respect of an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than 
the Notional Amount of each W&C Security immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit 
Event Notice.  In such circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions 
shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Cancellation Amount only and each such W&C 
Security shall be cancelled in part (such cancelled part being equal to the Partial Cancellation 
Amount). 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt (A) the Notional Amount of each such W&C Security not so 
cancelled in part shall remain outstanding (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such amount outstanding of such W&C 
Security in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following 
a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been 
determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable to Holders under the relevant 
Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms and 
Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect as if 
each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect of the 
above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(b) and (y) the effective date of such 
adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
if the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(b) apply in respect of the W&C Securities, 
on cancellation of part of each such W&C Security the relevant W&C Security or, if the W&C 
Securities are represented by a Global W&C Security, such Global W&C Security shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part cancellation. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(v) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of 
any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation provided that, where provisions relating to Qualifying 
Guarantee and Underlying Obligation are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any 
Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (ii) of the definition of 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" below. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation

--- Page 599 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
599 
 
 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent 
to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Physically Settled 
Default Swaps– Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity (January 2005)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of Obligation in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, paragraph (B) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation in Credit Linked Condition 13 will 
apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect 
of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the guarantor 
and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the 
benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; and 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "Outstanding Principal Balance" shall mean the 
outstanding Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying 
Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur. 
(c) 
Not Contingent. An Insured Instrument will not be regarded as failing to satisfy the Not Contingent 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic solely because such Insured Instrument is subject to provisions 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including 
proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing 
under such Insured Instrument, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, 
the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation or 
reduction.  By specifying that this Credit Linked Condition 16 is applicable, no inference should be

--- Page 600 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
600 
 
 
made as to the interpretation of the "Not Contingent" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
context of limited recourse or similar terms applicable to Deliverable Obligations other than 
Qualifying Policies. 
(d) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of Deliver in Credit Linked Condition 13, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and 
the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), 
and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this 
definition of Successor…" in the definition of Successor in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or insurer" after "or guarantor". 
(f) 
Substitute Reference Obligation. The first paragraph of the definition of Substitute Reference 
Obligation and paragraph (b) thereof in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by adding "or 
Qualifying Policy" after "or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee". For purposes of sub-
paragraph (a)(ii)(B) the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation references to the Qualifying 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation shall be deemed to include the Qualifying Policy and the 
Insured Instrument, respectively. 
(g) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (i) to (v) 
inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby 
amended to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by 
the Qualifying Policy; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any 
currency which is not a Permitted Currency."

--- Page 601 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
601 
 
 
(ii) 
Paragraph (c) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where 
(A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and 
(B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy" after "Reference Entity". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if Credit Linked Condition 
15 is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Conditions the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy.  In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to 
the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to refer to 
the Insured Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to the Reference 
Entity." 
(h) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation.  In the event that 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" and/or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of 
the relevant definition.  References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the 
"guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and "insuring" respectively.  
With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit Linked Condition 4 
and the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date by which 
the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
(i) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation and 
the definitions of Credit Event and Deliver in Credit Linked Condition 13 references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include "Insured 
Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(j) 
Additional Definitions. 
(i) 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument 
Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in these 
Credit Linked Conditions) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a 
special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor).  Qualifying Policies shall 
exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations 
of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
(ii) 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the

--- Page 602 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
602 
 
 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured 
Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) 
(1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described 
in Credit Linked Condition 16(c) above and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other 
similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
(iii) 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as 
applicable, pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile 
and/or email) and/or by telephone.  Any such notice delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Calculation 
Agent City time) on a Calculation Agent City Business Day will be effective on such Calculation 
Agent City Business Day.  Any such notice delivered after 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) 
on a Calculation Agent City Business Day or on a day which is not a Calculation Agent City Business 
Day will be deemed effective on the next following Calculation Agent City Business Day, regardless 
of the form in which it is delivered.  For purposes of the two preceding sentences, a notice given by 
telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  
If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and delivered 
confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice.  
Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on 3 October 2006) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with respect to 
any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation 
of the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity;

--- Page 603 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
603 
 
 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
"Reference Obligation means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the 
relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each a Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade 
Date, any Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation."; and 
(e) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a LPN) by 
an entity (the LPN Issuer) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (a) 
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan) or (b) provide finance to the 
Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
Underlying Finance Instrument), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date 
of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for 
the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation), as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date. 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an Interest), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or 
similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer 
to finance a loan to the Reference Entity.  For the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions 
each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents from time to time published by ISDA 
with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the Calculation Agent 
determines in a commercially reasonable manner are necessary or desirable from the perspective of

--- Page 604 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
604 
 
 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or a Hedging Party to reflect or govern market practice for credit 
derivative transactions.  Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
20. 
Specific Provisions for Credit Linked Warrants 
Any specific amendments to these Credit Linked Conditions which may be required in respect of an 
issuance of Credit Linked Warrants (which shall be Exempt W&C Securities only) shall be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 605 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
605 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PHYSICAL DELIVERY N&C SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Interpretation ..................................................................................................................................... 606 
2. 
Delivery of Entitlement and Asset Transfer Notices ......................................................................... 606 
3. 
Settlement Disruption Event.............................................................................................................. 610 
4. 
Failure to Deliver Due to Illiquidity .................................................................................................. 610 
5. 
Option to Vary Settlement ................................................................................................................. 611 
6. 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked N&C Securities ................................................................. 611 
7. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 611

--- Page 606 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
606 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities only. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Physical 
Delivery N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities 
Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C Securities set out below (the 
Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions) and any additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) the Physical Delivery N&C Securities 
Conditions, the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions and/or the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
INTERPRETATION 
The following provisions (the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions) apply to N&C 
Securities specified as being Physical Delivery N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms or where 
Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions to "delivery", "delivered" and 
"deliver" shall in the context of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Credit Linked N&C 
Securities be deemed to be references to "Delivery", "Delivered" and "Deliver" as such terms are 
defined and construed in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
2. 
DELIVERY OF ENTITLEMENT AND ASSET TRANSFER NOTICES 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any N&C Security: 
(i) 
if such N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Holder must provide to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable) in a form acceptable thereto, with a copy to the Issuer not later 
than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out and/or containing the information 
specified in the Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice); 
(ii) 
if such N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security held through DTC, the relevant 
Holder must comply with the requirements regarding the content and delivery of an asset 
transfer or other similar notice as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if such N&C Security is in definitive form, the relevant Holder must deliver to any Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Principal Agent and the Issuer not later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such N&C Security is represented by a Global 
N&C Security, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be or (ii) if such N&C Security is in definitive form in writing. 
If such N&C Security is in definitive form, such N&C Security must be delivered together with the 
duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Issuer shall at the risk of the relevant Holder deliver the Entitlement in respect of each N&C 
Security or, in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities, Deliver the Deliverable Obligations

--- Page 607 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
607 
 
 
comprising the Entitlement in such commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery. 
Each N&C Security will be redeemed by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any), as applicable, on the 
Maturity Delivery Date (as defined below) or the Credit Settlement Date, if applicable, by applying 
the Nominal Amount of each N&C Security outstanding as at such date on behalf of the relevant 
Securityholder to purchase the Entitlement for delivery, as specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable Final Terms and delivering the Entitlement. 
All Expenses shall be for the account of the relevant Holder and no delivery and/or transfer of any 
Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the 
relevant Holder.   
For these purposes Expenses means all taxes, duties and/or expenses including any depositary charges, 
transaction charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities, transfer and/or 
other taxes or duties (together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and 
any interest in respect of such additions or penalties) which the Calculation Agent determines may be 
or would be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection with the redemption of the N&C Securities 
and/or the delivery or transfer of any Entitlement in respect thereof, and (ii) by the Issuer or any 
Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related hedging arrangements in respect 
of the N&C Securities. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(a) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Holder and the person 
from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Entitlement if such delivery 
is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
in the case of N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, specify the number of 
units or nominal amount of N&C Securities which are the subject of such notice and the 
number of the Holder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
to be debited with such N&C Securities and irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant Holder's account with 
such N&C Securities on or before the Maturity Delivery Date (as defined below) or, in the 
case of Credit Linked N&C Securities, the Credit Settlement Date; 
(c) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of N&C Securities represented by 
a Global N&C Security, an authority to debit a specified account of the Holder at Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(d) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name 
and number of the Holder's account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, in 
respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement, as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, or in respect of any Partial Cash 
Settlement Amounts; 
(e) 
certify that (x) the beneficial owner of each N&C Security is not a "U.S. person" as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act, (y) the N&C Security is not being redeemed within 
the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and (z) no cash, securities or other property

--- Page 608 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
608 
 
 
have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; and 
(f) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a Paying Agent as provided above.  After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the 
relevant Holder may not transfer the N&C Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
In the case of N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, upon receipt of such notice, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified 
therein as the Holder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of N&C Securities according to its 
books. 
Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the 
Principal Agent the series number and number of N&C Securities the subject of such notice, the 
relevant account details (if applicable) and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of 
each such N&C Security.  Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Agent will inform the 
Issuer thereof.  Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the 
Maturity Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date, as the case may be, debit the securities account of 
the relevant Holder with the N&C Securities the subject of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice being 
treated as null and void.  Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed 
and delivered as provided in the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions shall be made, in the 
case of N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, by the Issuer after consultation with 
the Principal Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Guarantor (if applicable) and the 
relevant Holder or in the case of N&C Securities in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent after 
consultation with the Principal Agent and the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Holder. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Issuer or the relevant 
Paying Agent, in each case in consultation with the Principal Agent and the Issuer, it shall be deemed 
to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided 
above. 
The Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts to notify the Holder 
submitting an Asset Transfer Notice as soon as reasonably practicable if, in consultation with the 
Principal Agent and, in the case of the relevant Paying Agent, the Issuer, it has determined that such 
Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form.  In the absence of negligence or wilful 
misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Paying Agents, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted 
to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Holder. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Holder, in the manner provided above on 
the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities Conditions, the Maturity Delivery Date) or, in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities, 
in the manner provided above on the Credit Settlement Date, provided that the Asset Transfer Notice 
is duly delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with 
a copy to the Issuer, as provided above, not later than the close of business in each place of receipt on 
the Cut-Off Date. 
If an Asset Transfer Notice is delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt on

--- Page 609 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
609 
 
 
the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as practicable after the Maturity Date 
(in which case, such date of delivery shall be the Maturity Delivery Date) or, in the case of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities, the Credit Settlement Date at the risk of such Holder in the manner provided 
above.  Provided That if in respect of an N&C Security an Asset Transfer Notice is not delivered to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, 
prior to the close of business in each place of receipt on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off 
Date then (a) if "Assessed Value Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable following such date determine the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount and in respect of such N&C Security shall pay the Assessed Value Payment 
Amount to the relevant Securityholder in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon as reasonably 
practicable following determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, or (b) if "Assessed Value 
Payment Amount" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of such N&C Security and (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor's 
obligations pursuant to the Guarantee in respect of such N&C Security shall be discharged and no 
further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor.  Upon payment of the 
Assessed Value Payment Amount, if applicable, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such N&C 
Security shall be discharged and (in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor's 
obligations in respect of such N&C Security pursuant to the Guarantee shall be discharged.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances described in (b) above, such Holder shall not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Maturity Delivery Date or the Credit 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, falling after the originally designated Maturity Delivery Date or 
Credit Settlement Date, as the case may be, and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the N&C Securities is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices in force on the Maturity Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date, as the 
case may be, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their Affiliates or agents 
and the Paying Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices.  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their Affiliates or agents and the Paying 
Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the N&C Securities. 
For such period of time after the Maturity Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date, as the case may 
be, as any person other than the relevant Holder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement (the Intervening Period), none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) nor any other such person shall (i) be under any obligation to 
deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Holder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such N&C 
Security any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, 
payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching to such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations during the 
Intervening Period or (iii) be under any liability to the relevant Holder, or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such N&C Security in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Holder, or subsequent 
beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being 
the legal owner of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations during such Intervening 
Period. 
Where the Entitlement comprises shares, any dividend or other distribution in respect of such 
Entitlement will not be payable to the Holder or any other party by the Issuer and the Issuer will be 
entitled to retain any dividend or distribution for which the record date or ex dividend date falls on or 
prior to the last day of the Intervening Period.

--- Page 610 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
610 
 
 
Except in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities, where the Entitlement is, in the determination of 
the Issuer, an amount other than an amount of Relevant Assets capable of being delivered, the 
Securityholders will receive an Entitlement comprising of the nearest number (rounded down) of 
Relevant Assets capable of being delivered by the Issuer (taking into account that a Holder's entire 
holding may be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose of delivering the Entitlements), 
and in respect of the amount of Relevant Assets not capable of being delivered, an amount in the 
Specified Currency which shall be the value of the amount of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion from such source(s) as it may select 
(converted if necessary into the Specified Currency by reference to such exchange rate as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate). 
3. 
SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENT 
The provisions of this Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 3 shall apply to Physical Delivery 
N&C Securities other than Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
If, prior to the delivery of the Entitlement in accordance with these Physical Delivery N&C Securities 
Conditions, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, then the Maturity Delivery Date in respect of 
such N&C Security shall be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day on which no Settlement 
Disruption Event is subsisting and notice thereof shall be given to the relevant Holder, in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16.  Such Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of 
interest or otherwise, on such N&C Security as a result of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement 
pursuant to these Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions.  Where delivery of the Entitlement 
has been postponed as provided in the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions the Issuer shall 
not be in breach of the Conditions and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any N&C Security is not practicable by reason 
of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant N&C Security by payment to the relevant Holder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not 
later than on the third Business Day following the date that the notice of such election (the Election 
Notice) is given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16. 
4. 
FAILURE TO DELIVER DUE TO ILLIQUIDITY 
The provisions of this Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 4 shall apply to Physical Delivery 
N&C Securities other than Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
If Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or 
all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement (the Affected Relevant Assets), where such 
failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be 
delivered on the originally designated Maturity Delivery Date in accordance with the Physical 
Delivery N&C Securities Conditions; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion, in lieu of delivery of the Affected Relevant Assets, to 
pay to the relevant Holder the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the 
fifth Business Day following the date the Failure to Deliver Notice (as defined below) is given 
to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16.  The Issuer shall give

--- Page 611 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
611 
 
 
notice (such notice a Failure to Deliver Notice) as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that the provisions of this 
Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 4 apply. 
5. 
OPTION TO VARY SETTLEMENT 
Unless "Issuer's option to vary Settlement" is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the N&C Securities, the Issuer may at 
its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such N&C Security, elect not to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Securityholders, but, in lieu thereof to make payment of the 
fair value of the Entitlement minus such N&C Security's pro rata share of the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying relating hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, on the Maturity Date to the relevant Securityholders. Notification of such election 
will be given to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16. 
6. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED N&C SECURITIES 
The provisions of this Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 6 shall apply to Credit Linked 
N&C Securities. 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting the Entitlement the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor, as applicable, will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation as provided in Physical Delivery N&C Securities Condition 2 on the 
Credit Settlement Date, Provided That if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations included in the 
Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall 
continue to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, up to and including (i) the 30th Business Day following the Credit 
Settlement Date or (ii) such earlier date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any 
relevant date of settlement in respect of the Hedging Arrangements (if any) (the Final Delivery Date), 
Provided Further That if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 10 shall apply. 
7. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions: 
Assessed Value Payment Amount means, in respect of a N&C Security, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect 
of such N&C Security less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
relating hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the fair market value of such N&C Securities 
(but not taking into account any interest accrued on such N&C Security and paid pursuant to N&C 
Securities Condition 6 and N&C Securities Condition 7) on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion Provided That such day is not more than 15 days before the date that 
the Election Notice is given as provided above less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents 
of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including the 
cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price means, in respect of each nominal amount of the N&C Securities 
equal to the Calculation Amount, the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets in respect of 
such N&C Securities on the fifth Business Day prior to the date on which the Failure to Deliver Notice

--- Page 612 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
612 
 
 
is given as provided above, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding or 
adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including the cost of funding in respect of 
such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
Relevant Assets means the security(ies), obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Business Day has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed N&C Securities) the Guarantor as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, delivery of the Entitlement by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, in 
accordance with the Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
is not practicable.

--- Page 613 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
613 
 
 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SWEDISH SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
General .............................................................................................................................................. 614 
2. 
Amendments to the N&C Securities Conditions in Respect of the Swedish N&C Securities .......... 614 
3. 
Amendments to the W&C Securities Conditions in Respect of the Swedish W&C Securities ........ 618

--- Page 614 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
614 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities only. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) the terms and conditions applicable to Swedish 
N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities 
Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions for Swedish Securities set out below (the Swedish 
Securities Conditions) and (b) the terms and conditions applicable to Swedish W&C Securities shall comprise 
the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) and the Swedish Securities 
Conditions in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, 
and (ii) the Swedish Securities Conditions, the Swedish Securities Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities and/or the Swedish Securities 
Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  References in the 
Swedish Securities Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C 
Securities" and "N&C Security" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
GENERAL 
For the purpose of this Annex 9, Swedish Securities means any Securities issued by the Issuer and 
designated as "Swedish N&C Securities" or "Swedish W&C Securities", as applicable, in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Swedish Securities will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with a 
Swedish Central Securities Depository (CSD) which will be Euroclear Sweden. Euroclear Sweden 
means Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23, Stockholm, Sweden or any successor thereto 
acceptable to the Issuer.  Swedish Securities registered in CSD are negotiable instruments and not 
subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law.  For so long as it is a requirement 
of the CSD Rules (as defined below), Swedish N&C Securities may not provide for any form of 
settlement other than payment in cash and W&C Securities which are Warrants may only be issued as 
Swedish Securities where such Warrants are European Style Warrants and Automatic Exercise applies. 
2. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE N&C SECURITIES CONDITIONS IN RESPECT OF THE 
SWEDISH N&C SECURITIES 
For the purposes of all Swedish N&C Securities the N&C Securities Conditions shall be amended as 
set forth in this Swedish Securities Condition 2. 
Swedish Securities shall be issued pursuant to such agreement (as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time, the Swedish Agency Agreement) as may be entered into in relation to the Swedish 
N&C Securities between the Issuer, the Guarantor and Swedbank AB (publ) (the Swedish Paying 
Agent). 
2.1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
N&C Securities Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) shall be amended as follows: 
2.1.1 
by replacing N&C Securities 1.1 with the following: 
"The N&C Securities are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) (as amended) in each case in the Specified Currency or Currencies and Specified 
Denomination(s).  N&C Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
N&C Securities of another Specified Denomination.  No global or definitive Swedish N&C 
Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 615 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
615 
 
 
The N&C Securities shall be regarded as Registered N&C Securities for the purposes of the 
Conditions save to the extent the Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by CSD (the CSD Rules), in which case 
such laws, regulations or the CSD Rules shall apply, and all references in the Conditions to 
the "Registrar" shall be deemed to be references to CSD.  No physical notes or certificates 
will be issued in respect of Swedish N&C Securities and the provisions relating to 
presentation, surrendering or replacement of N&C Securities shall not apply to the Swedish 
N&C Securities. 
Settlement with respect to the Swedish N&C Securities shall be by way of Cash Settlement 
only. 
Title to the N&C Securities shall pass by registration in the register (the Register) maintained 
by the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Swedish laws, regulations and the 
CSD Rules.  The Swedish Issuing Agent is acting as account operator (Sw. Kontoförande 
institut) in relation to CSD.  The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the Register 
in accordance with the CSD Rules and specifically have access to the books of holders (Sw. 
skuldboken).  Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Holder (as defined below) of any N&C Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder.  
Swedish N&C Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish Central 
Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, other applicable Swedish 
legislation and the CSD Rules. 
In the Conditions, Securityholder or Holder means the person in whose name a N&C 
Security is registered or the person on whose book-entry securities account the Swedish N&C 
Securities are held (as the case may be) including any person duly authorised to act as a 
nominee (Sw. förvaltare) and registered for the N&C Securities." 
2.1.2 
by the deletion of N&C Securities Condition 1.3 to N&C Securities Condition 1.5 (inclusive). 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered N&C Securities 
N&C Securities Condition 2 (Transfers of N&C Securities in registered form) shall not apply to the 
Swedish N&C Securities. 
2.3 
Interest 
In N&C Securities Condition 6, (Interest), where any period is expressed to run from (and including) 
a particular date to (but excluding) another date, for the purposes of the N&C Securities, such period 
shall instead run from (but excluding) the first date to (and including) the second date. 
2.4 
Payment 
N&C Securities Condition 7 (Payments) shall be amended as follows: 
2.4.1 
by the deletion of the existing N&C Securities Condition 7.2, (Payments in respect of 
Registered N&C Securities) and the insertion of the following: 
"7.2 Payments in accordance with the CSD Rules. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the N&C Securities shall be made to the 
Securityholders registered as such on the fifth business day (as such business day is defined by the 
then applicable CSD Rules) before the due date for such payment, or, in each case, on such other 
business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the CSD Rules, and will be

--- Page 616 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
616 
 
 
made in accordance with the CSD Rules.  Such day shall be the Record Date in respect of the N&C 
Securities in accordance with the CSD Rules. 
In respect of each Series of N&C Securities, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Registrar which 
shall be a duly authorised central securities depository under the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and a Paying Agent in Sweden duly authorised 
as an account operator under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act." 
2.4.2 
by the insertion of the following as a new N&C Securities Condition 7.2.1 (with references to the 
existing N&C Securities Conditions 7.2.1 and 7.2.3 amended accordingly). 7.2.2 shall not apply to the 
Swedish N&C Securities: 
"7.2.1 Method of Payment in respect of Swedish N&C Securities 
Subject as provided below, payments with respect to Swedish N&C Securities will be made in 
accordance with the CSD Rules.". 
2.5 
Redemption and Repurchase 
N&C Securities Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase, Administrator/Benchmark Events and 
Inconvertibility Event) shall be amended as follows: 
2.5.1 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of N&C Securities Condition 8.3, 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)): 
"Any such redemption shall be made in accordance with the CSD Rules and the notice to 
Securityholders shall also specify the N&C Securities or amounts of the N&C Securities to be 
redeemed or in respect of which such option has been so exercised and the procedures for 
partial redemptions laid down in the CSD Rules." 
2.5.2 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of N&C Securities Condition 8.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)): 
"Any such notice from the Holder of any N&C Securities will not take effect against the Issuer 
before the date on which the relevant N&C Securities have been transferred to the account 
designated by the Swedish Paying Agent and blocked for further transfer by the Swedish 
Paying Agent." 
2.5.3 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of each of N&C Securities Condition 8.1, 
N&C Securities Condition 8.2, N&C Securities Condition 8.5 and N&C Securities Condition 
8.6: 
"Any such redemption shall be made in accordance with the CSD Rules." 
2.6 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
The penultimate paragraph of N&C Securities Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement) shall 
be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"then any Securityholder may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) (with 
a copy to the Principal Agent for information purposes only), declare such N&C Security(s) held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable (or shall be done due and payable on such later date on which the relevant N&C Securities 
have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Paying Agent and blocked for further

--- Page 617 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
617 
 
 
transfer by the Swedish Paying Agent) at its Early Redemption Amount as described in N&C 
Securities Condition 8.7 without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, unless such 
Event of Default shall be cured prior to receipt of such written notice by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(if applicable)." 
2.7 
Replacement of N&C Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
N&C Securities Condition 12 (Replacement of N&C Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) shall 
not apply to the Swedish N&C Securities. 
2.8 
Agents 
N&C Securities Condition 13.2 (Variation or termination of Appointment of Agents) shall be amended 
by the insertion of the following as a new paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"In the case of Swedish N&C Securities, references in the Conditions to "Paying Agent" shall include 
the Swedish Paying Agent or any successor, provided that it is duly authorised under the Swedish 
Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.  The Issuer has, in 
accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
appointed (i) Euroclear Sweden as the central securities depositary, and (ii) Swedbank AB (publ) as 
Swedish Paying Agent. Euroclear Sweden does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency 
or trust with the Securityholders. 
In respect of Swedish N&C Securities, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Swedish Paying Agent and to appoint a substitute agent, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain a Swedish Paying Agent authorised to act as an account operating 
institution with Euroclear Sweden. 
In acting under the Swedish Agency Agreement, the Swedish Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Securityholders." 
2.9 
Exchange of Talons 
N&C Securities Condition 15 (Exchange of Talons) shall not apply to the Swedish N&C Securities. 
2.10 
Notices 
The following shall be added as a new paragraph to the end of N&C Securities Condition 16 (Notices): 
"All notices regarding the Swedish N&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail 
to a Securityholder to the address registered for such Securityholder in the Register maintained by the 
Registrar in accordance with the CSD rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if 
sent by mail to the Securityholders, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by mail. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the 
Swedish Paying Agent." 
2.11 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications and Waiver 
The following shall be inserted at the end of N&C Securities Condition 17 (Meetings of 
Securityholders, Modification and Waiver): 
"In respect of Swedish N&C Securities, the Swedish Paying Agent and the Issuer, as applicable, may 
agree, without the consent of the Securityholders to any modification to N&C Securities which is (i)

--- Page 618 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
618 
 
 
not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or 
(ii) of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply 
with the mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  Any 
such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and shall be notified to the CSD and 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16, provided that any failure to deliver such notice shall 
not invalidate such modification." 
2.12 
Substitution 
The following shall be added at the end of each of N&C Securities Condition 18.1.2 (Assumption by 
Substituted Obligor) and 18.2.2 (Assumption by Substituted Guarantor): 
", provided, if so required, that the CSD has given its consent to such assumption." 
2.13 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
Notwithstanding N&C Securities Condition 21, (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction), 
Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of the N&C Securities 
with the CSD. 
3. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE W&C SECURITIES CONDITIONS IN RESPECT OF THE 
SWEDISH W&C SECURITIES 
For the purposes of all Swedish W&C Securities the W&C Securities shall be amended as set forth in 
below in this Swedish Securities Condition 3. 
Swedish Securities shall be issued pursuant to such agreement (as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time, the Swedish Agency Agreement) as may be entered into in relation to the Swedish 
Securities between the Issuer, the Guarantor and Swedbank AB (publ) (the Swedish Paying Agent). 
All references to "Physical Settlement" shall be deemed not to apply. 
3.1 
Type, Title and Transfer 
W&C Securities Condition 1.1 (Type) shall be amended as follows: 
3.1.1 
by the deletion of paragraphs 2 – 6 (inclusive) thereof and the insertion of the following: 
"The W&C Securities are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (as amended) in 
each case in the Specified Currency or Currencies and Specified Denomination(s).  W&C Securities 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for W&C Securities of another Specified 
Denomination.  No global as definitive Swedish W&C Securities will be issued and the Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
The W&C Securities shall be regarded as Registered W&C Securities for the purposes of the 
Conditions save to the extent the Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by CSD (the CSD Rules), in which case such laws, 
regulations or the CSD Rules shall apply, and all references in the Conditions to the "New York 
Security Agent" shall be deemed to be references to CSD.  No physical notes or certificates will be 
issued in respect of Swedish W&C Securities and the provisions relating to presentation, surrendering 
or replacement of W&C Securities shall not apply to the Swedish W&C Securities." 
"Settlement with respect to the Swedish Securities shall be by way of Cash Settlement only."

--- Page 619 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
619 
 
 
3.1.2 
W&C Securities Condition 1.2 (Title to W&C Securities), shall be amended to read: 
"Title to the W&C Securities shall pass by registration in the register (the Register) maintained by the 
Registrar on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Swedish laws, regulations and the CSD Rules.  
The Swedish Paying Agent is acting as account operator (Sw. kontoförande institut) in relation to CSD.  
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the Register in accordance with the CSD Rules 
and specifically have access to the book of holders (Sw. skuldboken).  Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any W&C Security shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the Holder.  Swedish W&C Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, other applicable 
Swedish legislation and the CSD Rules. 
In the Conditions, Securityholder or Holder means the person in whose name a W&C Security is 
registered or the person on whose book-entry securities account the Swedish Securities are held (as 
the case may be) including any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) and 
registered for the Securities. 
3.1.3 
W&C Securities Condition 1.3 (Transfers of W&C Securities) shall not apply to the Swedish 
W&C Securities. 
3.2 
Exercise and Settlement 
3.2.1 
W&C Securities Condition 3.1.3 shall be amended such that (i) all references to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be deemed to be references to Euroclear Sweden AB 
and (ii) all references to Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, shall be deemed to 
be references to Stockholm time. 
3.2.2 
W&C Securities Condition 3.3 (Physical Settlement) and 3.4 (Issuer's Option to Vary 
Settlement) shall not apply to the Swedish W&C Securities. 
3.2.3 
The following shall be inserted as a new W&C Securities Condition 3.5 (General): 
"Any amounts payable in respect of the Swedish W&C Securities shall be made to the Securityholders 
registered as such on the fifth business day (where the Swedish W&C Securities have been registered 
by the CSD on the basis of notional amount) or, as the case may be, on the fourth business day (where 
the Swedish W&C Securities have been registered by the CSD on the basis of the number of securities) 
(in each case as such business day is defined by the then applicable CSD Rules) before the due date 
for such payment, or, in each case, on such other business day falling closer to the due date as then 
may be stipulated in the CSD Rules, and will be made in accordance with the CSD Rules.  Such day 
shall be the Record Date in respect of the Swedish W&C Securities in accordance with the CSD 
Rules. 
In respect of each Series of Swedish W&C Securities, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Registrar 
which shall be a duly authorised central securities depository under the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and Paying Agent in Sweden duly authorised as 
an account operator under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act. 
Subject as provided below, payments with respect to Swedish W&C Securities will be made in 
accordance with the CSD Rules. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any relevant jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of W&C Securities Condition 10 
(Expenses and Taxation), (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the

--- Page 620 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
620 
 
 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code, and such withholding or deduction 871(m) 
Withholding), and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. In addition, in determining the amount of 
871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the W&C Securities, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, 
or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to W&C Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. 
securities, all payments on the W&C Securities that reference such U.S. securities or an index that 
includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant 
U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 
871(m) amount deemed withheld." 
3.3 
Additional Amounts 
W&C Securities Condition 3.7.2 (Payment of Additional Amounts) shall be amended to read: 
"Payments of any Additional Amounts (if applicable) shall be made in accordance with the operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden AB and as further provided in the 
applicable Final Terms." 
3.4 
Exercise Procedure 
W&C Securities which are Warrants may only be issued as Swedish Securities where such Warrants 
are European Style Warrants and Automatic Exercise applies. 
None of W&C Securities Condition 4.1.2 (Exercise Notice in respect of Warrants), W&C Securities 
Condition 4.2 (Collection Notice in respect of Certificates) or W&C Securities Condition 4.4.2 
(Settlement) shall apply to the Swedish W&C Securities. 
3.5 
Cancellation 
The following shall be added as a new paragraph to the end of W&C Securities Condition 5.1 
(Cancellation for Illegality)  and W&C Securities Condition 5.2 (Regulatory Cancellation Event): 
"Any such cancellation shall be made in accordance with the CSD Rules." 
3.6 
Event of Default on Insolvency 
The final paragraph of W&C Securities Condition 6, (Event of Default on Insolvency) shall be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"then any Securityholder may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) (with 
a copy to the Principal Agent for information purposes only), declare such W&C Security(ies) held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable (or on such later date on which the relevant W&C Securities have been transferred to the 
account designated by the Swedish Paying Agent and blocked for further transfer by the Swedish 
Paying Agent) at its Early Cancellation Amount as described in W&C Securities Condition 5, without

--- Page 621 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
621 
 
 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, unless such Event of Default shall be cured 
prior to receipt of such written notice by the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)." 
3.7 
Agents 
W&C Securities Condition 8 (Agents) shall be amended by the insertion of the following as a new 
W&C Securities Condition 8.4: 
"8.4 
Paying Agent 
In the case of Swedish W&C Securities, references in the Conditions to "Paying Agent" shall include 
the Swedish Paying Agent or any successor, provided that it is duly authorised under the Swedish 
Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.  The Issuer has, in 
accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
appointed (i) Euroclear Sweden as the central securities depositary, and (ii) Swebank AB (publ) as 
Swedish Paying Agent. Euroclear Sweden does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency 
or trust with the Securityholders. 
In respect of Swedish W&C Securities, the Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Swedish Paying Agent and to appoint a substitute agent, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain a Swedish Paying Agent authorised to act as an account operating 
institution with Euroclear Sweden. 
In acting under the Swedish Agency Agreement, the Swedish Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Securityholders." 
3.8 
Notices 
The following shall be added as a new paragraph to the end of W&C Securities Condition 9 (Notices): 
"All notices regarding the Swedish W&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail 
to a Securityholder to the address registered for such Securityholder in the Register maintained by the 
Registrar in accordance with the CSD rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if 
sent by mail to the Securityholders, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by mail. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the 
Swedish Paying Agent." 
3.9 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
The following shall replace the final paragraph of W&C Securities Condition 12, (Meetings of 
Securityholders and Modifications): 
"In respect of Swedish W&C Securities, the Swedish Paying Agent and the Issuer, as applicable, may 
agree, without the consent of the Securityholders to any modification to Securities which is (i) not, in 
the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or (ii) of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
the mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and shall be notified to the CSD and 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 9, provided that any failure to deliver such notice shall 
not invalidate such modification."

--- Page 622 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
622 
 
 
3.10 
Substitution 
The following shall be added at the end of each W&C Securities Condition 13.1.2(ii) (Assumption by 
Substituted Obligor) and 13.2.2(ii) (Assumption by Substituted Guarantor): 
", provided, if so required, that the CSD has given its consent to such assumption." 
3.11 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
Notwithstanding W&C Securities Condition 16, (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction), 
Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of the Swedish W&C 
Securities with the CSD.

--- Page 623 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
623 
 
 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SWISS SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
General .............................................................................................................................................. 624 
2. 
Amendments to the N&C Securities Conditions in respect of the Swiss N&C Securities ................ 624 
3. 
Amendments to the W&C Securities Conditions in respect of the Swiss W&C Securities .............. 627

--- Page 624 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
624 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) the terms and conditions applicable to Swiss N&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) 
and the additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss Securities set out below (the Swiss Securities Conditions) 
and (b) the terms and conditions applicable to Swiss W&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions 
of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) and the Swiss Securities Conditions in each case 
together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject 
to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) 
the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Swiss Securities 
Conditions, the Swiss Securities Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities and/or the Swiss Securities Conditions and (ii) the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  References in the Swiss Securities Conditions to 
"Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Securities" and "N&C Security" or 
"W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
1. 
GENERAL 
For the purpose of this Annex 10, Swiss Securities means any Securities issued by the Issuer and 
designated as "Swiss N&C Securities" or "Swiss W&C Securities", as applicable, in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE N&C SECURITIES CONDITIONS IN RESPECT OF THE SWISS 
N&C SECURITIES 
For the purposes of all Swiss N&C Securities the N&C Securities Conditions shall be amended as set 
forth in this Swiss Securities Condition 2. 
2.1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
N&C Securities Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) shall be deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
"The N&C Securities are issued in bearer form or uncertificated form as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in the case of definitive N&C Securities, serially numbered. 
N&C Securities issued in bearer form will be represented by a permanent global security deposited 
with SIX SIS Ltd. or other relevant clearing system (the Intermediary). Once the permanent global 
security with respect to the Swiss Securities is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Securities will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Under Swiss law each Holder (as defined below) shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global security to the extent of their claim against the Issuer, 
provided that for so long as the permanent global security remains deposited with the Intermediary the 
co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Securities may only be transferred by the entry 
of the transferred Swiss Securities in a securities account of the transferee. 
The Holders shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the permanent global 
security (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or definitive 
Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere). 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Securities held through each 
participant of that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Securities held in the form of Intermediated

--- Page 625 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
625 
 
 
Securities, the holders (each a Holder) of such Swiss Securities will be the persons holding the Swiss 
Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name, or in case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Securities for their 
own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
No physical delivery of the Swiss Securities shall be made unless and until definitive securities 
(Wertpapiere) shall have been printed. Swiss Securities may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, 
if the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent (specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
printing of the definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) is necessary or appropriate for any reason. 
Should the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive 
Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) without cost to the Holders. If printed, the definitive Swiss Securities 
(Wertpapiere) shall be at the expense of the Issuer and shall be executed by affixing thereon the 
facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of the Issuer. In the case definitive Swiss Securities 
(Wertpapiere) are delivered, the permanent global security will immediately be cancelled by the 
Principal Agent and the definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) shall be delivered to the Holders 
against cancellation of the Swiss Securities in the Holders' securities accounts. 
N&C Securities issued in uncertificated form shall be registered with the Intermediary. The Swiss 
Securities will remain registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary until the 
earlier of expiration, settlement or printing of the relevant series of Swiss Securities. Once the 
uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) are registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of the 
Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss 
Securities will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). As long as the Swiss Securities are intermediated securities, the Swiss Securities 
may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Swiss Securities in a securities account of the 
transferee. In respect of Swiss Securities held in the form of intermediated securities, the holders (each 
a Holder) of such Swiss Securities will be the persons holding the Swiss Securities in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name, or in case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Securities for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
The Holders shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechte) into, or the delivery of, a permanent global security (Globalurkunde) or definitive 
securities (Wertpapiere). No physical delivery of the Swiss Securities shall be made unless and until 
definitive securities (Wertpapiere) are printed. Swiss Securities may only be printed, in whole, but not 
in part, if the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent determines that the printing of the definitive securities 
(Wertpapiere) is necessary or appropriate for any reason. Should the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent 
so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive securities (Wertpapiere) at the expense of 
the Issuer and without cost to the holders. In the case definitive securities (Wertpapiere) are delivered, 
the uncertified securities (Wertrechte) will immediately be cancelled by the Issuer and the definitive 
securities (Wertpapiere) shall be delivered to the holders against cancellation of the Swiss Securities 
in the holders' securities accounts." 
2.2 
Transfers of N&C Securities 
N&C Securities Condition 2 (Transfers of N&C Securities in registered form) shall not apply to the 
Swiss N&C Securities. 
2.3 
Payment 
N&C Securities Condition 7 (Payments) shall be amended as follows:

--- Page 626 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
626 
 
 
2.3.1 
by the deletion of the existing N&C Securities Condition 7.2 (Payments in respect of 
Registered N&C Securities) and the insertion of the following: 
"7.2 
Payments in accordance with the Intermediary Rules. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the N&C Securities shall be made to the 
Securityholders in accordance with the rules, regulations and operating procedures applicable 
to and/or issued by the Intermediary from time to time (the Intermediary Rules)." 
2.3.2 
by the insertion of the following as a new N&C Securities Condition 7.2.1 (with references to 
the existing N&C Securities Conditions 7.2.1, 7.2.2 and 7.2.3 amended accordingly): 
"7.2.1 Method of Payment in respect of Swiss N&C Securities 
Subject as provided below, payments with respect to Swiss N&C Securities: 
(i) 
in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee." 
2.4 
Redemption and Repurchase 
N&C Securities Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase, Administrator/Benchmark Events and 
Inconvertibility Event) shall be amended as follows: 
2.4.1 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of N&C Securities Condition 8.3, 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)): 
"Any such redemption shall be in accordance with the Intermediary Rules and the notice to 
Securityholders shall also specify the N&C Securities or amounts of the N&C Securities to be 
redeemed or in respect of which such option has been so exercised and the procedures for 
partial redemptions laid down in the Intermediary Rules." 
2.4.2 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of N&C Securities Condition 8.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Securityholders (Investor Put)): 
"Any alternative requirements in respect of completion and/or delivery an Investor Put Notice 
relating to Swiss W&C Securities will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms." 
2.4.3 
by the addition of the following sentence to the end of each of N&C Securities Condition 8.1, 
N&C Securities Condition 8.2, N&C Securities Condition 8.5 and N&C Securities Condition 
8.6: 
"Any such redemption shall be in accordance with the Intermediary Rules." 
2.5 
Replacement of N&C Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
N&C Securities Condition 12 (Replacement of N&C Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) shall 
not apply to the Swiss N&C Securities.

--- Page 627 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
627 
 
 
2.6 
Exchange of Talons 
N&C Securities Condition 15 (Exchange of Talons) shall not apply to the Swiss N&C Securities. 
2.7 
Notices 
The following shall be added as a new paragraph to the end of N&C Securities Condition 16 (Notices): 
"Any alternative requirements relating to notices regarding the Swiss N&C Securities will be as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms." 
2.8 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications and Waiver 
N&C Securities Condition 17 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification and Waiver) shall be 
amended by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of the first paragraph: 
"Any alternative requirements in respect of meetings of holders of the Swiss N&C Securities will be 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms." 
3. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE W&C SECURITIES CONDITIONS IN RESPECT OF THE SWISS 
W&C SECURITIES 
For the purposes of all Swiss W&C Securities the W&C Securities shall be amended as set forth in 
below in this Swiss Securities Condition 3. 
3.1 
Type, Title and Transfer 
W&C Securities Condition 1.1 (Type) shall be amended as follows: 
3.1.1 
by the deletion of the second to sixth paragraphs (inclusive) thereof and the insertion of the 
following: 
"The W&C Securities are issued in global form or uncertificated form as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
W&C Securities issued in global form will be represented by a permanent global security 
deposited with the relevant clearing system (being SIX SIS Ltd.) or other relevant clearing 
system (the Intermediary). Once the permanent global security with respect to the Swiss 
Securities is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Securities will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Under Swiss law each Holder (as defined below) shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global security to the extent of their claim against the 
Issuer, provided that for so long as the permanent global security remains deposited with the 
Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Securities may only 
be transferred by the entry of the transferred Swiss Securities in a securities account of the 
transferee. 
The Holders shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the permanent 
global security (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) 
or definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere).

--- Page 628 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
628 
 
 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Securities held through 
each participant of that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Securities held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, the holders (each a Holder) of such Swiss Securities will be the 
persons holding the Swiss Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their 
name, 
or 
in 
case 
of 
intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), 
the 
intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Securities for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
No physical delivery of the Swiss Securities shall be made unless and until definitive securities 
(Wertpapiere) shall have been printed. Swiss Securities may only be printed, in whole, but not 
in part, if the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent (specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
determines that the printing of the definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) is necessary or 
appropriate for any reason. Should the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall 
provide for the printing of definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) without cost to the 
Holders. If printed, the definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) shall be at the expense of the 
Issuer and shall be executed by affixing thereon the facsimile signatures of two authorised 
officers of the Issuer. In the case definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) are delivered, the 
permanent global security will immediately be cancelled by the Principal Agent and the 
definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) shall be delivered to the Holders against cancellation 
of the Swiss Securities in the Holders' securities accounts. 
W&C Securities issued in uncertificated form shall be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary. The Swiss Securities will remain registered in the main 
register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary until the earlier of expiration, settlement or 
printing of the relevant series of Swiss Securities. Once the uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechte) are registered in the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and 
entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Securities 
will constitute Intermediated Securities (Bucheffekten) in accordance with the provisions of 
the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). So long as the Swiss 
Securities are Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred by the entry of the 
transferred Swiss Securities in a securities account of the transferee. 
The Holders (as defined below) shall not have the right to effect or demand the conversion of 
the uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) into, or the delivery of, a permanent global security 
(Globalurkunde) or definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere). 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Securities held through 
each participant in the Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Securities held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, the holders (the Holders) of such Swiss Securities will be the 
persons holding the Swiss Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) which is in their 
name, 
or 
in 
case 
of 
intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), 
the 
intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Securities for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
No physical delivery of the Swiss Securities shall be made unless and until definitive Swiss 
Securities (Wertpapiere) shall have been printed. Swiss Securities may only be printed, in 
whole, but not in part, if the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent determines that the printing of 
the definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) is necessary or appropriate for any reason. 
Should the Issuer or the Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of 
definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) at the expense of the Issuer and without cost to the 
Holders. In the case definitive Swiss Securities (Wertpapiere) are delivered, the uncertificated 
securities (Wertrechte) will immediately be cancelled by the Issuer and the definitive Swiss 
Securities (Wertpapiere) shall be delivered to the Holders against cancellation of the Swiss 
Securities in the Holders' securities accounts."

--- Page 629 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
629 
 
 
3.1.2 
W&C Securities Condition 1.2 (Title to W&C Securities) and W&C Securities Condition 1.3 
(Transfers of W&C Securities) shall not apply to the Swiss W&C Securities. 
3.1.3 
Exercise and Settlement 
W&C Securities Condition 3 (Exercise, Settlement and Additional Amounts) shall be 
amended such that (i) all references to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
deemed to be references to the Intermediary and (ii) all references to Luxembourg or Brussels 
time, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be references to Swiss time. 
3.1.4 
The following shall be inserted as a new W&C Securities Condition 3.5 (General): 
"Any specific or additional terms or requirements in respect of settlement relating to Swiss 
W&C Securities which are (i) European Style Warrants in respect of which "Automatic 
Exercise" is not applicable, (ii) Bermudan Style Warrants (iii) American Style Warrants or 
(iv) Physically Settled W&C Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. All 
payments shall be made in accordance with the Intermediary Rules. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any relevant jurisdiction, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code, and such withholding 
or deduction 871(m) Withholding) and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.  In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect 
to any amounts to be paid on the W&C Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on 
any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the 
highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, 
such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to W&C Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either 
an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that 
includes U.S. securities, all payments on the W&C Securities that reference such U.S. 
securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends 
on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  In such case, in calculating 
the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be 
deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld." 
3.1.5 
Additional Amounts 
W&C Securities Condition 3.7.2 (Payment of Additional Amounts) shall be amended to read: 
"Payments of any Additional Amounts (if applicable) shall be made in accordance with the 
rules, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Intermediary 
from time to time (the Intermediary Rules) and as further provided in the applicable Final 
Terms."

--- Page 630 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
630 
 
 
3.1.6 
Exercise Procedure 
The following shall be added as a new W&C Securities Condition 4.9: 
"4.9 
Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Condition 4, any specific or additional 
terms or requirements in respect of the exercise and settlement procedure relating to Swiss 
W&C Securities which are (i) European Style Warrants in respect of which "Automatic 
Exercise" is not applicable, (ii) Bermudan Style Warrants (iii) American Style Warrants or 
(iv) Physically Settled W&C Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms." 
3.2 
Notices 
The following shall be added as a new paragraph to the end of W&C Securities Condition 9 
(Notices): 
"Any alternative requirements relating to notices regarding the Swiss W&C Securities will be as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms." 
3.3 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
W&C Securities Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications) shall be amended 
by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of the first paragraph: 
"Any alternative requirements in respect of meetings of holders of the Swiss W&C Securities 
will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms."

--- Page 631 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
631 
 
 
ANNEX 11 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHORT PRICE PAYOUT N&C SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Final Redemption Amount ................................................................................................................ 632 
2. 
Issuer Call .......................................................................................................................................... 633 
3. 
Disrupted Days .................................................................................................................................. 634

--- Page 632 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
632 
 
 
This Annex is only applicable to Exempt N&C Securities. If specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Short Price Payout N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions 
for Short Price Payout N&C Securities set out below (the Short Price Payout N&C Securities Conditions) 
and either the additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities (the Index Linked Conditions) or 
the additional Terms and Conditions Equity Linked Securities (the Equity Linked Conditions), as specified, 
together with any additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) the Short Price Payout N&C Securities Conditions, the Short Price Payout 
N&C Securities Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities 
Conditions and (ii) the Index Linked Conditions or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable, the Index Linked 
Conditions or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Index Linked Conditions or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable, and the Short Price Payout N&C 
Securities Conditions, the Short Price Payout N&C Securities Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) any one or more of (a) the N&C Securities Conditions,(b) the Index Linked 
Conditions or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable or (c) the Short Price Payout N&C Securities 
Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Final Redemption Amount 
1.1 
For the purposes of N&C Securities Condition 5.1, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
N&C Security of nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount will be (a) the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Final Redemption Amount or (b) if no such amount is specified, 
an amount in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Final Valuation 
Date in accordance with the following formula (rounded down to the nearest two decimal places in 
the Specified Currency with 0.005 being rounded downwards): 
Max [0, (2 x  Initial Price) –  Final Reference Asset Price –  Dividend Amount]. 
1.2 
For the purposes of 1.1 above the following definitions shall apply: 
Dividend Amount means (a) in respect of Index Linked N&C Securities, zero or (b) in respect of 
Equity Linked N&C Securities, the sum of, in respect of each relevant Share, the product of (i) the 
dividend amount percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Dividend Amount 
Percentage) and (ii) the sum of all gross cash dividends per Share (excluding any Extraordinary 
Dividends and any other form of non-cash dividend including but not limited to any bonus share issue, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) which the Calculation Agent determines would be received 
during the Dividend Period by an Affiliate of the Issuer which is a holder of one or more relevant 
Shares. 
Any gross cash dividend shall be the amount before the withholding or deduction of taxes at source 
as may be required by any applicable tax authority and shall exclude any imputation or other credits, 
refunds or deductions granted by any applicable tax authority and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits 
imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on such dividend; Provided That where any such amount is in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency it will be converted by the Calculation Agent into the 
Specified Currency at such rate as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for such conversion 
on the relevant date of receipt referred to above. 
Dividend Period means the period from (and including) the Initial Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the Final Valuation Date. 
Final Reference Asset Price means the Reference Asset Price (or, in the case of an Index Basket or 
Share Basket or Mixed Basket, the sum of the Reference Asset Prices of each Index or Share, as 
applicable) as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date; Provided That in the case of Index

--- Page 633 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
633 
 
 
Linked N&C Securities any such amount will be deemed to be expressed in the currency most closely 
associated with the relevant Index (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and; Provided Further 
That in the case of Index Linked N&C Securities or Equity Linked N&C Securities where any such 
amount is in a currency other than the Specified Currency it will be converted by the Calculation Agent 
into the Specified Currency at such rate as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for such 
conversion on or about the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date. 
Initial Price means the Reference Asset Price (or, in the case of an Index Basket or Share Basket or 
Mixed Basket, the sum of the Reference Asset Prices of each Index or Share, as applicable) as of the 
Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date; Provided That in the case of Index Linked N&C 
Securities any such amount will be deemed to be expressed in the currency most closely associated 
with the relevant Index (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and; Provided Further That in the 
case of Index Linked N&C Securities or Equity Linked N&C Securities where any such amount is in 
a currency other than the Specified Currency it will be converted by the Calculation Agent into the 
Specified Currency at such rate as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for such conversion 
on or about the Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date. 
Reference Asset Price means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions 
or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable, in respect of any Scheduled Trading Day and any Index 
or Share, as applicable: 
(a) 
in the case of an Index Linked N&C Security, the Closing Level of the relevant Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Equity Linked N&C Security, at any time the Closing Price of the relevant 
Share. 
2. 
Issuer Call 
2.1 
Where Short Price Payout N&C Securities Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, N&C Securities Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) shall be 
deemed to be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
"8.3 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Barrier Event 
and/or a Change in Relevant Law occurs (in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion), the Issuer may, having given: 
8.3.1 
not less than 1 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period of notice as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16; and 
8.3.2 
not less than 1 day before the giving of the notice referred to in 8.3.1 above (or such 
other period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), notice to 
the Principal Agent and in the case of a redemption for Registered N&C Securities, 
the Registrar; 
(which notices shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all or some only of the N&C 
Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms .  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of N&C Securities, the N&C Securities to be redeemed 
(Redeemed N&C Securities) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed N&C 
Securities represented by definitive N&C Securities, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC,

--- Page 634 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
634 
 
 
in the case of Redeemed N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).  In the case of Redeemed N&C Securities represented by definitive N&C Securities, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed N&C Securities will be published in accordance with Condition 
16 not less than 1 day prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global N&C 
Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) 
the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3: 
Barrier Event means that any Reference Asset Price on any Scheduled Trading Day during the Short 
Price Observation Period is greater than the relevant Barrier Price (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and 
Change in Relevant Law means that (other than where this would constitute an event to which N&C 
Securities Condition 8.5 (Redemption upon a Regulatory Event) applies) on or after the Trade Date 
due to the adoption of or change in any applicable law, regulation or rule (including without limitation, 
any tax law and any law, regulation or rule prohibiting or restricting or imposing certain requirements 
and/or conditions in relation to the short selling of equities) or the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law, regulation or rule (including without limitation, any action taken by a taxing authority 
and any law, regulation or rule prohibiting or restricting or imposing certain requirements and/or 
conditions in relation to the short selling of equities), (a) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of the relevant Share(s) or one or more transactions relating to any relevant Index(ices) or 
equities comprised in any relevant Index(ices) (including without limitation, entering into or 
maintaining a short sale transaction(s) in relation to any such asset(s)); or (b) restrictions or conditions 
are imposed on the entering into or maintaining a short sale transaction(s) in relation to the any such 
asset(s); or (c) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any such 
transaction(s) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on its tax position)." 
3. 
Disrupted Days 
If any Scheduled Trading Day in the Short Price Observation Period is a Disrupted Day, then, unless 
otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, (A) if "Short Price Observation Period consequences 
of a Disrupted Day" is specified as Omission in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be ignored 
for purposes of determining whether a Barrier Event has occurred; Provided That if the final day of 
any Short Price Observation Period is a Disrupted Day and no Barrier Event has occurred in such 
Short Price Observation Period, such final day of such Short Price Observation Period shall be treated 
as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) or Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), as applicable, 
apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) 
or Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be 
amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms, for example but without limitation, in 
respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining 
whether a Barrier Event shall occur, or (B) if "Short Price Observation Period consequences of a 
Disrupted Day" is specified as Postponement in the applicable Final Terms, such day shall be treated 
as a Valuation Date to which the provisions contained in Index Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) or Equity Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), as applicable, 
apply and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or value of the relevant Index(ices) 
or Share(s) in respect of such day in accordance with such provisions (as such provisions may be 
amended for these purposes in the applicable Final Terms, for example but without limitation, in

--- Page 635 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
635 
 
 
respect of the time at which any subsequent valuation(s) is/are made) for purposes of determining 
whether a Barrier Event shall occur.

--- Page 636 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
636 
 
 
ANNEX 12 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED N&C 
SECURITIES 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Interpretation ..................................................................................................................................... 637 
2. 
Redemption ....................................................................................................................................... 637 
3. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) ......................................................................... 637 
4. 
Early Redemption .............................................................................................................................. 638 
5. 
Modifications..................................................................................................................................... 639 
6. 
Further Issues .................................................................................................................................... 639

--- Page 637 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
637 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities only. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C 
Securities Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
set out below (the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Conditions) together with any other additional 
terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion and/or amendment in 
the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions and 
(ii) the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Conditions, the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions and/or 
the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Conditions to "Security" 
and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" as the context 
admits. 
1. 
Interpretation 
The following provisions (the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Conditions) apply to N&C 
Securities specified as being Preference Share Linked N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of the Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount rounded down to the nearest 0.01 
in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
Calculation Amount × PreferenceShareValuefinal
PreferenceShareValueinitial
 
Where: 
Preference Share Valuefinal means the Preference Share Value on the Final Valuation Date; and 
Preference Share Valueinitial means the Preference Share Value on the Initial Reference Date, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
3. 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
N&C Securities Condition 8.3 shall be deemed to be amended and restated as follows: 
"If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
8.3.1 
not less than 5 Business Days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16; 
and 
8.3.2 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in 8.3.1 above, notice to the 
Principal Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered N&C Securities, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all but not 
some only of the N&C Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms.  Any such redemption must be a redemption in full of the Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities.

--- Page 638 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
638 
 
 
For the purposes of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities: 
Optional Redemption Date(s) means the third Business Day following the Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date means the third Business Day following the Optional 
Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date. 
Optional Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date for valuation of or any determination in respect of the 
underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about 
such day is to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares by 
reason of a disruption or adjustment event, the Optional Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date 
shall be such delayed valuation or determination date (or the last occurring such delayed valuation 
date or determination date, if there is more than one delayed valuation date or delayed determination 
date), all as determined by the Calculation Agent." 
4. 
Early Redemption  
N&C Securities Condition 8.7 shall be deemed to be amended and restated as follows:  
"8.7.1 In the event of an early redemption of N&C Securities, each N&C Security shall be redeemed 
at its Early Redemption Amount on the applicable Early Redemption Date. 
8.7.2 
For the purposes of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities: 
The Early Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date means: 
(i) 
if the N&C Securities become subject to early redemption pursuant to N&C Securities 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), N&C Securities Condition 8.5 
(Redemption upon a Regulatory Event), N&C Securities Condition 8.6 (Redemption 
for Illegality) or on receipt by the Issuer of a notice of early redemption of the 
Preference Shares from the Preference Share Issuer (as described in N&C Securities 
Condition 8.7.5), the Early Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date specified in 
the notice of early redemption given by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 (Notices); or  
(ii) 
where the N&C Securities are subject to early redemption under N&C Securities 
Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the fifth Business Day following 
the date on which the relevant Securityholder's written notice referred to therein is 
given, 
or, in each case, if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or 
reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is 
to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares by reason 
of a disruption or adjustment event, the relevant Early Preference Share Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be such delayed valuation or determination date (or the last occurring such delayed 
valuation date or determination date, if there is more than one delayed valuation date or 
delayed determination date), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Early Redemption Amount shall be an amount rounded down to the nearest 0.01 in the 
Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the Final 
Redemption Amount except that, for these purposes only, the definition of Preference Share 
Valuefinal shall be the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 639 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
639 
 
 
The Early Redemption Date shall be the third Business Day following the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
The Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the third Business Day following the Early 
Preference Share Redemption Valuation Date. 
8.7.3 
For the purposes of redemption pursuant to N&C Securities Condition 8.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), N&C Securities Condition 8.5 (Redemption upon a Regulatory Event) or N&C 
Securities Condition 8.6 (Redemption for Illegality), the Issuer will, having given not less than 
5 Business Days' notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem each N&C Security at its Early Redemption Amount, on the Early 
Redemption Date.  
8.7.4 
For the purposes of redemption pursuant to N&C Securities Condition 11 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), notwithstanding any provision therein to the contrary, where an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing and any Securityholder gives a written notice as 
described therein to the Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Agent for information purposes 
only), each Security then outstanding (whether or not held by the Securityholder delivering 
the notice) shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, unless such Event of Default 
shall be cured prior to receipt of such written notice by the Issuer. 
8.7.5 
If the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer of early redemption of the 
Preference Shares by reason of illegality, impracticality, the occurrence of an adjustment or 
disruption or a change in applicable law or regulation, the Issuer will, having given not less 
than 5 Business Days' notice to Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
16 (Notices), redeem each N&C Security at its Early Redemption Amount, on the Early 
Redemption Date." 
5. 
Modifications 
N&C Securities Condition 14.1.4 (Modifications) will not apply to Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities. 
6. 
Further Issues 
N&C Securities Condition 19 (Further Issues) will not apply to Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities.

--- Page 640 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
640 
 
 
ANNEX 13 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MOT N&C SECURITIES 
This Annex is not for use with Non-exempt Securities other than in conjunction with a separately approved 
Prospectus Regulation-compliant prospectus. 
 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to MOT N&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions), 
and the additional Terms and Conditions for MOT N&C Securities set out below (the MOT N&C Securities 
Conditions), together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) the MOT N&C Securities Conditions, the MOT N&C 
Securities Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities and/or 
the MOT N&C Securities Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
The N&C Securities Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
1. 
REDEMPTION, 
PURCHASE, 
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK 
EVENTS 
AND 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENT  
N&C Securities Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase, Administrator/Benchmark Events and 
Inconvertibility Event) shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the deletion of the penultimate paragraph of N&C Securities Condition 8.7 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"As used above, Associated Costs means an amount per nominal amount of the N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or unit of N&C Securities equal to such N&C 
Securities' pro rata share of the total outstanding amount of any and all costs associated or 
incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate (as defined below) in connection with the relevant 
early redemption, but excluding any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-
establishing and/or incurring any hedge positions relating to the N&C Securities, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent."; and 
(ii) 
by the deletion of the first paragraph of N&C Securities Condition 8.13 (Consequences of an 
Inconvertibility Event) and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"If an Inconvertibility Event occurs at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer may (at 
its option) instruct the Calculation Agent to make such determinations under and/or 
adjustments to the Conditions of the N&C Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate to account for the Inconvertibility Event, including to take into account any and 
all amounts, costs and expenses associated with such Inconvertibility Event or incurred by the 
Issuer resulting from the Inconvertibility Event in relation to the N&C Securities (Relevant 
Costs) but excluding any amounts, costs and expenses associated with hedging arrangements. 
The Calculation Agent is permitted to make such determinations and adjustments which may 
include, but are not limited to:". 
2. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
N&C Securities Condition 14 (Calculation Agent) shall be amended as follows:

--- Page 641 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
641 
 
 
2.1 
Exercise of Discretion  
by the deletion of N&C Securities Condition 14.1.2 (Exercise of Discretion) and the substitution of 
the following therefor: 
"In exercising its discretion under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner."; and 
2.2 
Modifications 
by the deletion of N&C Securities Condition 14.1.4 (Modifications) and the substitution of the 
following therefor: 
"Without prejudice to the provisions of Conditions 14.1.2 or 14.1.3 or any Technical Annex, 
the Calculation Agent shall be free to modify the methodology described in these Conditions 
from time to time as it, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems 
appropriate for the purposes of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting or supplementing any 
provision of the Conditions or (ii) replacing any information provider or source.". 
3. 
NOTICES 
N&C Securities Condition 16 (Notices) shall be amended by inserting  
"All notices regarding MOT N&C Securities shall be delivered to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be published 
in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as so long as the rules of the exchange 
so require), guidelines and market practice". 
4. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER: 
N&C Securities Condition 17 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification and Waiver) shall be 
amended by inserting the following after the words "reducing or cancelling the amount of principal" 
in the thirteenth line thereof: 
", provided that the amount of principal can only be reduced or cancelled as part of a 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar type of proceeding resulting in a restructuring of the debt 
obligations of the Issuer, or reorganisation of the Issuer,". 
5. 
SUBSTITUTION 
N&C Securities Condition 18 (Substitution) shall be amended by the insertion of the following new 
N&C Securities Condition 18.1.1.9: 
"18.1.1.9 the Issuer provides a legal, valid, binding, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee 
of the obligations and liabilities of the Substituted Obligor for the benefit of each and any of 
the Securityholders.". 
6. 
INFLATION LINKED N&C SECURITIES 
In respect of MOT N&C Securities which are specified to be Inflation Linked N&C Securities, the 
Inflation Linked Conditions contained in Annex 6 shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the deletion of Inflation Linked Condition 1.3.2 (Substitute Index Level); 
(ii) 
by the deletion of Inflation Linked Condition 1.3.3 (Index Level Adjustment Correction) 
subparagraph (a) and (c); and

--- Page 642 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
642 
 
 
(iii) 
by the deletion of Inflation Linked Condition 1.3.5 (Index Modification) subparagraph (b). 
7. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY N&C SECURITIES 
In respect of MOT N&C Securities which are specified to be Physical Delivery N&C Securities, the 
Physical Delivery N&C Securities Conditions contained in Annex 8 shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the deletion of the definition of Disruption Cash Settlement Price in Physical Delivery 
N&C Securities Condition 7 (Definitions) and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of each nominal amount of N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
N&C Securities (but not taking into account any interest accrued on such N&C Security and 
paid pursuant to N&C Securities Condition 6 and N&C Securities Condition 7) on such day 
as shall be selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion Provided That such day is 
not more than 15 days before the date that the Election Notice is given as provided above less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents in connection with the settlement of the 
relevant N&C Securities but excluding any cost of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or 
related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion." 
8. 
HEDGING COSTS AMENDMENT 
Without limitation to the above provisions and notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions 
or the applicable Final Terms, any provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms which 
allow the costs of unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing or incurring any hedging 
arrangements (howsoever described) or any amount that would have been incurred as such hedging 
costs had the relevant hedging arrangements been in place may not be (i) deducted from amounts 
payable or deliverable to Securityholders or (ii) taken into account in any adjustments or calculations 
made pursuant to the Conditions and references to such hedging costs will be deemed not to apply to 
the Securities.

--- Page 643 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
643 
 
 
ANNEX 14 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SEDEX W&C SECURITIES 
This Annex is not for use with Non-exempt Securities other than in conjunction with a separately approved 
Prospectus Regulation-compliant prospectus. 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to SeDeX W&C 
Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) 
and the additional Terms and Conditions for SeDeX W&C Securities set out below (the SeDeX W&C 
Securities Conditions), together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the W&C Securities Conditions, and (ii) the SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions, the 
SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the W&C 
Securities and/or the SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions, and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms shall prevail. 
The W&C Securities Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
1. 
EXERCISE, SETTLEMENT AND ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS 
W&C Securities Condition 3 (Exercise, Settlement and Additional Amounts) shall be amended as 
follows: 
(i) 
by the deletion of the definition of Disruption Cash Settlement Price under W&C Securities 
Condition 3.3 (Physical Settlement) and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any relevant W&C Security, the fair 
market value of such W&C Security at the relevant time of determination of the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant 
Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates  in connection with the settlement  of 
the relevant W&C Security but excluding any cost of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer, plus (in the case of Warrants), if already 
paid, the Exercise Price (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been 
delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion)." 
(ii) 
by the insertion of the following paragraph before the first paragraph of W&C Securities 
Condition 3.5: 
"Payments of Cash Settlement Amounts in respect of SeDeX W&C Securities shall be made 
to the Securityholders registered as such on the Exercise Date. Payments of any Additional 
Amounts in respect of SeDeX W&C Securities shall be made to Securityholders registered as 
such on the Business Day before the due date for such payment. Each such day shall be a 
Record Date in respect of the SeDeX W&C Securities. In case of any Additional Amount, 
the relevant Record Date will be fixed in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana and any 
relevant guidelines."; and 
(iii) 
by the deletion of the word "None" at the beginning of the first paragraph of W&C Securities 
Condition 3.5 (General) and the substitution of the words "In the absence of gross negligence 
or wilful misconduct on its part, none" therefor.

--- Page 644 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
644 
 
 
2. 
EARLY 
CANCELLATION, 
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK 
EVENTS 
AND 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENT 
W&C Securities Condition 5 (Early Cancellation, Administrator/Benchmark Events and 
Inconvertibility Event) shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the deletion of the definition of Early Cancellation Amount therein and the substitution of 
the following therefor: 
"Early Cancellation Amount means, in respect of a W&C Security, the fair market value of such 
W&C Security calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of an early cancellation following the occurrence of an Event of Default, without 
regard to the creditworthiness of the Issuer at the relevant time; and  
(ii) 
in the case of Cancellation for Illegality pursuant to Condition 5.1, notwithstanding such 
illegality and/or disregarding the event which resulted in such early cancellation,  
all determined by the Calculation Agent."; 
(ii) 
by the deletion of the definition of Associated Costs therein and the substitution of the 
following therefor: 
"Associated Costs means, in respect of a W&C Security, an amount equal to such W&C Security's 
pro rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate (as applicable) in connection with such early cancellation, but excluding any Costs associated 
with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing, and/or incurring any hedge positions relating to the 
W&C Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent."; and 
(iii) 
by the deletion of the first paragraph of W&C Securities Condition 5.4 (Inconvertibility Event) 
and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"If an Inconvertibility Event occurs at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer may (at its option) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such determinations under and/or adjustments to the Conditions 
of the W&C Securities as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate to account for the 
Inconvertibility Event, including to take into account any and all amounts, costs and expenses 
associated with such Inconvertibility Event or incurred by the Issuer resulting from the Inconvertibility 
Event in relation to the W&C Securities (Relevant Costs) but excluding any amounts, costs and 
expenses associated with hedging arrangements. The Calculation Agent is permitted to make such 
determinations and adjustments which may include, but are not limited to:" 
3. 
NOTICES 
W&C Securities Condition 9 (Notices) shall be amended by the insertion of the following sentence at 
the end of the second paragraph thereof: 
"All notices regarding SeDeX W&C Securities shall be delivered to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be 
published in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as so long as the rules of the 
exchange so require), guidelines and market practice.". 
4. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
W&C Securities Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications) shall be amended by 
the insertion of the following additional paragraph after the first paragraph thereof:

--- Page 645 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
645 
 
 
"Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agency Agreement or in this W&C Securities 
Condition 12, no modification shall be made to the W&C Securities Conditions or the SeDeX W&C 
Securities Conditions pursuant to a meeting of Securityholders, the effect of which is the reduction or 
cancellation of the Cash Settlement Amount of such SeDeX W&C Securities, unless such reduction 
or cancellation occurs as a result of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar type proceeding resulting in a 
restructuring of the debt obligations of the Issuer, or the reorganisation of the Issuer.". 
5. 
SUBSTITUTION 
W&C Securities Condition 13.1.2 (Assumption by Substituted Obligor) shall be amended by the 
deletion of the words "The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer (or 
such previous Substituted Obligor) from all of its obligations as principal obligor in respect of the 
W&C Securities" therein and the substitution of the following therefor: 
"The Issuer as issuer (or such previous Substituted Obligor) shall continue to be liable for the 
obligations of any Substituted Obligor as principal obligor in respect of the W&C Securities 
together with and to the same extent as the Substituted Obligor".  
6. 
INDEX LINKED W&C SECURITIES 
In respect of SeDeX W&C Securities which are specified to be Index Linked W&C Securities, the 
Index Linked Conditions contained in Annex 1 shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of the second paragraph of Index Linked 
Condition 2(a) (Successor Index): 
", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities"; 
(ii) 
by the insertion of the following words in the eleventh line of Index Linked Condition 2(b)(A) 
(Index Adjustment Event) after the words "Index Adjustment Event" and immediately before 
the words "or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket": 
"(provided that if such change, failure or cancellation occurs more than eight Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to the relevant Valuation Date, Averaging Date or any other date for Index 
valuation or observation, then the Calculation Agent shall determine and publish the relevant 
level or value of the relevant Index on each Scheduled Trading Day until the relevant 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date for Index valuation or observation)"; 
(iii) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Index Linked Condition 2(b)(A) (Index Adjustment 
Event); 
(iv) 
by the deletion of Index Linked Condition 2(b)(C) (Index Adjustment Event) in its entirety; 
(v) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Index Linked Condition 2(c) (Valuation of 
Replacement Indices); 
(vi) 
by the deletion of the words "and may be further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements" in Index Linked 
Condition 2(c) (Valuation of Replacement Indices); 
(vii) 
by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of Index Linked Condition 2(c) (Valuation 
of Replacement Indices):

--- Page 646 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
646 
 
 
"The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines appropriate, if any, 
to any, preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities"; and 
(viii) 
by the insertion of the words ", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities" in the fourth line of Index Linked Condition 4 (Additional 
Disruption Events) immediately after the words "such Additional Disruption Event" and 
before the words "and (ii)". 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Index Linked W&C 
Securities Conditions, and (ii) the SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions, the SeDeX W&C Securities 
Conditions shall prevail.   
7. 
EQUITY LINKED W&C SECURITIES 
In respect of SeDeX W&C Securities which are specified to be Equity Linked W&C Securities, the 
Equity Linked Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of the first paragraph of Equity Linked 
Condition 2 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events): 
", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities."; 
(ii) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Equity Linked Condition 3.1(i) (Extraordinary 
Events); 
(iii) 
by the deletion of the words "less the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements," in Equity Linked Condition 3.1(ii) (Extraordinary 
Events); 
(iv) 
by the insertion of the following sentence after Equity Linked Condition 3.1(v) (Extraordinary 
Events): 
"The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines appropriate, if any, 
to any terms of the Securities, preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities."; 
(v) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Equity Linked Condition 3.2 (Valuation of Shares 
of Substitute Share Issuers); 
(vi) 
by the deletion of the words "and may be further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements" in Equity Linked 
Condition 3.2 (Valuation of Shares of Substitute Share Issuers); and 
(vii) 
by the insertion of the words ", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities" in Equity Linked Condition 5 (Consequences of Additional 
Disruption Events) immediately after the words "such Additional Disruption Event" and 
before the words "and (ii)". 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Equity Linked W&C 
Securities Conditions, and (ii) the SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions, the SeDeX W&C Securities 
Conditions shall prevail.

--- Page 647 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
647 
 
 
8. 
FUND LINKED W&C SECURITIES 
In respect of SeDeX W&C Securities which are specified to be Fund Linked W&C Securities, the 
Fund Linked Conditions contained in Annex 5 shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
by the insertion of the following sentence at the end of the second paragraph of Fund Linked 
Condition 9 (Potential Adjustment Events) (beginning "Following a Potential Adjustment 
Event…"): 
", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities."; 
(ii) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Fund Linked Condition 10.1(i)  (De-listing, 
Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender Offer); 
(iii) 
by the deletion of the words "less the cost to the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements," in Fund Linked Condition 10.1(ii) (De-listing, 
Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender Offer); 
(iv) 
by the insertion of the following sentence after Fund Linked Condition 10.1(v) (De-listing, 
Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender Offer): 
"The Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines appropriate, if any, 
to any terms of the Securities, preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities."; 
(v) 
by the deletion of the words "as well as the cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of adjusting 
any associated hedging arrangements" in Fund Linked Condition 10.2 (Valuation of Fund 
Shares of Substitute ETFs); 
(vi) 
by the deletion of the words "and may be further reduced to account for the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of adjusting any associated hedging arrangements" in Fund Linked 
Condition 10.2 (Valuation of Fund Shares of Substitute ETFs); and 
(vii) 
by the insertion of the words ", preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities" in the fourth line of Fund Linked Condition 12 (Consequences of 
Additional Disruption Events) immediately after the words "such Additional Disruption 
Event" and before the words "and (ii)". 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Fund Linked W&C 
Securities Conditions, and (ii) the SeDeX W&C Securities Conditions, the SeDeX W&C Securities 
Conditions shall prevail. 
9. 
HEDGING COSTS AMENDMENT 
Without limitation to the above provisions and notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions 
or the applicable Final Terms, any provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms which 
allow the costs of unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing or incurring any hedging 
arrangements (howsoever described) or any amount that would have been incurred as such hedging 
costs had the relevant hedging arrangements been in place may not be (i) deducted from amounts 
payable or deliverable to Securityholders or (ii) taken into account in any adjustments or calculations 
made pursuant to the Conditions and references to such hedging costs will be deemed not to apply to 
the Securities.

--- Page 648 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
648 
 
 
ANNEX 15 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES (2014 ISDA 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
Clause 
Page 
1. 
Redemption or Exercise of Credit Linked Securities ........................................................................ 650 
2. 
Auction Settlement ............................................................................................................................ 650 
3. 
Cash Settlement ................................................................................................................................. 651 
4. 
Physical Settlement ........................................................................................................................... 652 
5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension .................................................................................................. 654 
6. 
Grace Period Extension ..................................................................................................................... 655 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension ................................................................ 656 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities ............................................ 657 
9. 
Exercise Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities ........................................... 658 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement ..................................................................................................................... 659 
11. 
Settlement Suspension ....................................................................................................................... 661 
12. 
Redemption/Cancellation following a Merger Event ........................................................................ 662 
13. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 662 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event ....................................................................... 708 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation ............................................................................ 709 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Physically Settled 
Default Swaps– Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity" (September 2014) ..................................... 709 
17. 
Determinations and Notices .............................................................................................................. 713 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on 15 September 2014) .................................................................................................... 713 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention .......................... 715 
20. 
Specific Provisions for Credit Linked Warrants ............................................................................... 715 
21. 
Early redemption or exercise of Reference Obligation Only Securities following a Substitution 
Event .................................................................................................................................................. 715 
22. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events .................................................................................................... 716 
23. 
Hedging Disruption ........................................................................................................................... 716 
24. 
Physical Settlement Matrix ............................................................................................................... 717 
25. 
Provisions taken from the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(published on 15 September 2014) .................................................................................................... 719 
26. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation: 
Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (published on 13 August 2004)
 ........................................................................................................................................................... 719 
27. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) ................................................................ 720 
28. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions ............................................................................. 722

--- Page 649 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
649 
 
 
This Annex applies to Exempt Securities and the following Non-Exempt Securities: 
 
Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked N&C Securities 
 
Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C Securities 
 
Auction to Cash Settled Credit Linked N&C Securities 
 
Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C Securities 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) the terms and conditions applicable to N&C 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Credit Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities (the N&C Securities Conditions) and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) set out below (the 
Credit Linked Conditions) and (b) the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Credit Linked W&C Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the W&C Securities Conditions) and the Credit Linked Conditions, in each case together with the 
Additional Terms and Conditions contained in any of the other Annexes to the Terms and Conditions that are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Securities and subject, in each case. to completion 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Securities 
only, supplement or amendment in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of Credit Linked N&C 
Securities which are Exempt N&C Securities or Credit Linked W&C Securities which are Exempt W&C 
Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities 
Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail.  
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities which are not Exempt N&C Securities or Credit Linked W&C 
Securities which are not Exempt W&C Securities, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C 
Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, 
the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.  In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Securities Conditions, the W&C Securities Conditions and/or the 
Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail.  
References in the Credit Linked Conditions to "Security" and "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to 
"N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" or "W&C Security" and "W&C Securities" as the context admits. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
any day specified in the section "Credit Linked N&C Securities" in the applicable Final Terms or the last day 
of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or 
last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Credit Linked Business Day 
Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Securities for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference Entity 
in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions 
and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Securities will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or 
voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist on 
or following, the Trade Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11 below shall 
not preclude the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or

--- Page 650 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
650 
 
 
subsequently and in the event that any such Credit Linked Conditions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent 
becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such Credit Linked Conditions, the Calculation 
Agent may elect in its discretion which Credit Linked Condition shall apply and under which Credit Linked 
Condition or Credit Linked Conditions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption or Exercise of Credit Linked Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4 and Credit Linked Condition 21, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant 
Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked W&C Security will be exercised automatically by the Principal Agent on 
behalf of Securityholders on the Exercise Date and entitles the holder to receive the relevant 
Cash Settlement Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Settlement Date. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice an Auction Settlement Notice) to the 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable, and, subject to (i) any adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 14 and (ii) 
any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 21, redeem or cancel, as applicable, 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms or each 
Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Credit Event on or prior to the date falling three Business 
Days after such Credit Event Determination Date; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer (or an Affiliate acting on behalf of the Issuer) otherwise determines that this is 
appropriate by reference to its and/or any of its Affiliates' Hedging Arrangements, 
then:

--- Page 651 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
651 
 
 
(A) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(B) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, the Securities in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations 
in respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect 
thereof.  The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit 
Linked N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked W&C Security.  Any shortfall 
shall be borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable). 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(A) above applies 
then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 21, the Issuer shall 
give notice (such notice a Cash Settlement Notice) to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable and redeem or cancel, as applicable, all 
but not some only of the Securities, and pay in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked 
N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms or each Credit 
Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date.  If "Weighted Highest" is specified as the Valuation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Price used for the purposes of calculating the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount shall be calculated in respect of one or more Valuation Obligations (as 
defined below) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in lieu of the Reference 
Obligation.  For such purposes, references to the term "Reference Obligation" in the definitions of 
"Final Price", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount", "Full Quotation", "Weighted Average Quotation" 
and all related definitions shall, as the case requires, be deemed to refer to each relevant Valuation 
Obligation.  Valuation Obligation means the relevant Reference Obligation and/or one or more 
Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 3.  The Calculation Agent shall select the relevant Valuation Obligations and determine 
their respective weightings on or prior to the relevant Valuation Date, and for such purposes shall 
determine the applicable Deliverable Obligations in accordance with the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 below and terms relating to Physical Delivery below.  The 
Calculation Agent is not required to select more than one Valuation Obligation and may select the 
"cheapest" obligation of the Reference Obligation and/or Deliverable Obligations as the relevant 
Valuation Obligation(s).  Notwithstanding the fact that the Calculation Agent may determine the 
Deliverable Obligations for the purposes of selecting the Valuation Obligations, in no event will the 
Securities be physically settled and the Calculation Agent is not obliged to select any such Deliverable 
Obligations as Valuation Obligations. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations 
in respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect 
thereof.  The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit 
Linked N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked W&C Security.  Any shortfall

--- Page 652 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
652 
 
 
shall be borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable). 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(B) above 
applies then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 21, the Issuer 
shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice 
a Notice of Physical Settlement) to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, and redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only 
of the Securities and Deliver in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C 
Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement on the Credit Settlement Date, subject to and in 
accordance with the N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions and these Credit 
Linked Conditions. The Notice of Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the relevant 
Reference Entity, (ii) a description of each Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement that the 
Issuer reasonably expects to Deliver and (iii) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant 
Outstanding Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation.  The 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the relevant Aggregate Outstanding Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to 
constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their market value. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable 
Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
(i) "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
(ii) "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "See Physical Settlement Matrix" in the 
applicable Final Terms and the relevant ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix states that the "2014 
Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" 
is applicable, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and 
accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto.  Where Asset Package Delivery applies, 
the provisions of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Deliver" below shall apply and the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustment in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of 
the Entitlement that it determines to be necessary or desirable to take account of the relevant Asset 
Package. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, following receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to Holders in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable (each 
such notification, a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or 
in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is 
effective).  A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable 
Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a Replacement Deliverable Obligation) and shall also 
specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced 
(with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the Replaced Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 653 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
653 
 
 
Outstanding Amount).  The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
identified in the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised 
Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  The 
Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount.  Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior 
to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may correct 
any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset 
Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer shall prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Holders (in 
accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable) of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case 
that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each 
case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. 
If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  For the purposes of this paragraph only and 
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date 
on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be 
deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may 
be, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no 
other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The value of such Deliverable 
Obligations and/or the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the 
Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked N&C Security or the Notional Amount of a Credit Linked 
W&C Security.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Holders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable).

--- Page 654 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
654 
 
 
5. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply. 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 8(y) applies, the 
Postponed Cut-Off Date (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 8) and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a (A) Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or (B) a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but a Credit Event Determination 
Date has not occurred: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on 
the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be 
payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Exercise Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or 
prior to the Scheduled Exercise Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed 
Exercise Date (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 9) and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium will, in the sole 
determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Exercise Date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Holders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or (B) a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but a Credit Event Determination

--- Page 655 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
655 
 
 
Date has not occurred, the Exercise Date for the W&C Securities shall be postponed until the 
fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
6. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay 
has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is 
applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or 
(B) a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date but a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on 
the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, if none, the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date 
and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, 
Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the 
Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Exercise Date but in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is 
applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are 
continuing as at the Scheduled Exercise Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify such 
Potential Failure to Pay to the Holders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 and:

--- Page 656 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
656 
 
 
(i) 
where (A) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or 
(B) a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date but a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred, the Exercise Date for the W&C Securities will be 
postponed until the fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, 
Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the 
Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
7. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
(a) 
In the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event Resolution Request Date or 
a Potential Credit Event has occurred and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then the Calculation 
Agent shall notify Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 that the 
Maturity Date has been postponed to a date (the DC Determination Postponement Date) 
being the day falling five Business Days after: (i) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, 15 Business Days following the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; (ii) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second Business Day following 
the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement; or, as applicable, (iii) 15 Business Days 
following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Dismissal, as 
applicable, the DC Determination Cut-off Date) and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off 
Date or (B) a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off 
Date but a Credit Event Determination Date does not occur: 
(A) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption 
Amount on the DC Determination Postponement Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or if none the Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on 
the DC Determination Postponement Date and no further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable 
in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit 
Linked N&C Securities. 
(b) 
In the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event Resolution Request Date or 
a Potential Credit Event has occurred and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise Date then the Calculation

--- Page 657 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
657 
 
 
Agent shall notify Holders in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 9 that the Exercise 
Date has been postponed to a date (the DC Determination Cut-off Date) being the day 
falling: (i)(a) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event 
has occurred, 15 Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; or 
(b) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not 
occurred, the second Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event 
Announcement; or, if later, (ii) 15 Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date 
or (B) a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date but a 
Credit Event Determination Date does not occur, the Exercise Date for each Credit Linked 
W&C Security will be postponed until the fifth Business Day following the DC Determination 
Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date 
and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
8. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 apply to Credit Linked N&C Securities 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on or prior to (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B), if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or (E) 
if applicable, the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred but a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have 
occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have 
occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 that (A) in the case of (x) above, the redemption of the N&C Securities has been 
postponed and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (which for these purposes shall apply in the case of both (x)(A) 
and (x)(D) above) or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to 
the Postponed Cut-Off Date (as defined below) or (B) in the case of (y) above, the redemption of the 
N&C Securities has been postponed; and: 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 8(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Cut-Off Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below, each unit or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to 
the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Postponed Maturity Date; and

--- Page 658 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
658 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Coupon 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the 
Coupon Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity 
Date (as defined below) and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be 
payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), a Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply 
to the Credit Linked N&C Securities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply to the Credit Linked N&C Securities. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Postponed Cut-off Date means (i) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), the fifteenth (15th) 
Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; or (ii) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), 
the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or, in each case, if such day is not 
a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
Postponed Maturity Date means the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Exercise Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on or prior to (A) the Scheduled Exercise Date or, (B) if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date or (D) if applicable, 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event Determination Date 
has not occurred but a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred or may occur; 
or 
(y) 
on or prior to the Scheduled Exercise Date, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have 
occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Holders in accordance with W&C Securities 
Condition 9 that the Exercise Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period 
Extension Date and/or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to 
a date (such date the Postponed Exercise Date) specified in such notice falling 15 Business Days 
after the previous Scheduled Exercise Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, or if such day is 
not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, and; 
where:

--- Page 659 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
659 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior 
to the Postponed Exercise Date, subject as provided below, each Credit Linked W&C Security 
will be automatically exercised on the Postponed Exercise Date and the provisions of W&C 
Securities Condition 5 will apply; or 
(ii) 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Exercise Date, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply to the Credit Linked W&C Securities. 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations that have not been Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Partial Cash Settlement Notice) to the Holders in accordance with N&C Securities 
Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each 
Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only the following terms shall be defined as 
follows (unless, in the case of Exempt Securities only, otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
Indicative Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation 
Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors 
as such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery 
rates. 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and 
lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations 
are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and exactly three 
Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded);

--- Page 660 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
660 
 
 
(vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained 
(and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, 
subject to paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than 
two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative 
Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same Business 
Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
(or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, determined as provided in this Credit Linked Condition, 
less (C) Unwind Costs, if any, (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in 
calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero, Provided That where (i) a relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot be reasonably determined in respect 
of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount (i) shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the 
fair market value of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less 
Unwind Costs, if any, (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
relevant Entitlement) by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate and (ii) may be zero. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after (a) the date 
on which the Calculation Agent determines that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition apply 
to the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation or, if later, (b) the calculation 
of the Final Price. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation 
Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  
If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on 
any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from 
five or more Quotation Dealers.

--- Page 661 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
661 
 
 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if 
applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on 
such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were 
not obtained on such day. 
(c) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination made 
pursuant to the definition of Accrued Interest in Credit Linked Condition 13 below. 
Quotation Amount is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect 
at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
Quotation Method is deemed to be Bid. 
Reference Obligation is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
Valuation Method is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
Valuation Time is the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(i) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit Linked Condition 9 above, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the necessary conditions for determining a Credit Event 
Determination Date have occurred or may have occurred, the Calculation Agent may, at its 
option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of these Credit Linked Conditions, 
including, without limitation, in respect of Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked 
Condition 4, the definitions of Coupon Payment Date, Credit Event Redemption Date, 
Valuation Date, Maturity Date, any other redemption or settlement date, Physical Settlement 
Period and PSN Cut-off Date and any other Credit Linked Condition provision(s) as

--- Page 662 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
662 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such 
period of suspension, a Suspension Period) until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  During such suspension period none 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Securityholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled 
to, take any action in connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Securities.  Once 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has 
occurred, the relevant timing requirements of these Credit Linked Conditions that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public 
announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the N&C 
Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions 
as may be desirable or required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to 
account for or reflect such suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such 
adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(ii) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing N&C Securities: 
(A) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Coupon Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of a 
Coupon Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(B) 
if a Coupon Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Coupon Payment Day 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment Day following 
the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of N&C Securities 
Condition 6 and Credit Linked Conditions 5, 6, 7 and 8. 
12. 
Redemption/Cancellation following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable, and redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Securities and pay in 
respect of each unit or nominal amount of the N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or 
each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the 
Merger Event Redemption Date. 
13. 
Definitions 
2.5-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
10-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
Accrued Interest means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions:  
(a) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Physical Delivery" is specified to be the Settlement 
Method in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Physical Delivery is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but

--- Page 663 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
663 
 
 
unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable 
as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of 
being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may 
be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the 
Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or

--- Page 664 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
664 
 
 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute 
a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Auction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price means the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Auction Final Price as shall be 
set forth or referred to in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement Date shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
Auction Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) or the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities), 
whichever is earlier;

--- Page 665 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
665 
 
 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar 
days thereafter or before the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) or the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities), 
whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
above. 
Calculation Agent City Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice means a notice by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to 
be given by the Issuer. 
Cash Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes 
of the Hedging Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will 
be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or 
the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant 
obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide 
that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation". 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Term means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time.

--- Page 666 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
666 
 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (and each a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee) means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching 
certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
Credit Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the applicable 
Final Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention, or (in the case of 
Exempt Securities) any additional Credit Event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition 
of Repudiation/Moratorium) for the purposes of the relevant Securities, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
provided that, if Credit Event Backstop Date Amendment is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the case of either sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (b), the Credit 
Event Backstop Date shall not occur prior to the Trade Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method:

--- Page 667 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
667 
 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date), such date falling on or after the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
and as specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event Notice. 
(b) 
paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date, 
provided that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination 
Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the 
extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit 
Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date, the Maturity Date or the Exercise Date, as 
applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination 
Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred 
prior to one or more preceding Coupon Payment Dates, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as 
may be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of 
such Credit Event Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment 
to payment amounts. 
Credit Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the 
case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case 
of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  A Credit Event 
Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in N&C Securities Condition 16 
or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means (i) the amount in the Specified Currency specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A x B) – C 
where:

--- Page 668 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
668 
 
 
"A" is the Calculation Amount (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Notional Amount 
of each W&C Security (in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities)); 
"B" is the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, as applicable; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
Credit Event Redemption Date means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the day falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is 
not so specified, ten (10) Business Days) following the latest of (i) the Auction Settlement Date or the 
calculation of the Final Price (if Cash Settlement applies or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) and (ii) the Credit Event Determination Date.  
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Linked Business Day Convention means, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, 
the convention for adjusting any relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day.  The following terms, when used in conjunction with the term "Credit Linked Business Day 
Convention" and a date, shall mean that an adjustment will be made if that date would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day so that: 
(a) 
if "Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day (the "Following Business 
Day Convention"; 
(b) 
if "Modified Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the 
applicable Final Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if "Preceding" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Following Business Day 
Convention shall apply. 
Credit Settlement Date means the 5th Business Day following the PSN Cut-off Date (the Scheduled 
Credit Settlement Date) provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit 
Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no 
Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling two calendar years following the Scheduled 
Credit Settlement Date. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each

--- Page 669 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
669 
 
 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Securities into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate 
Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, determined 
by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Determination Cut-off Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7. 
DC Determination Postponement Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 7. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.

--- Page 670 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
670 
 
 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such 
amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means: 
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, 
with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Entitlement to the relevant Holder free and clear of any and 
all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all 
securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without limitation any counterclaim, 
defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the 
definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the Entitlement consists 
of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the relevant Holder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly.  In the case of a Loan, 
Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, 
and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset 
Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan 
for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered 
in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Holders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 of the detailed description of the Asset Package 
that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset 
in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term "Asset Package" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation;

--- Page 671 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
671 
 
 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined 
for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of this definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (B) below, 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case, as of each such date the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  The following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in 
the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of 
determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation 
Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(2) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each 
as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, where: 
(i) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or 
novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions 
(irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(ii) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(iii) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Holder that provides each Holder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under

--- Page 672 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
672 
 
 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Holder and either 
(A) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case may be, (to 
the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as 
applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the 
extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(iv) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, 
provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation 
S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(v) 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(vi) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without 
regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency 
laws; and 
(vii) 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream, International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(1) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(2) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable

--- Page 673 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
673 
 
 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any 
of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(3) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct 
Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any 
Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(4) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(i) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", 
"Credit Linked Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not 
Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(iii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from 
the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and 
"Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(5) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of 
the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such

--- Page 674 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
674 
 
 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(6) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(7) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in the paragraphs commencing 
"If "Mod R" …" and "If "Mod Mod R" …" in Credit Linked Condition 4 to a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant 
obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(8) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
"Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (B) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" 
above). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity.  As used herein, Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power 
to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-

--- Page 675 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
675 
 
 
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into account the Hedging 
Arrangements, or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (B) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Entitlement means, in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked N&C Securities equal 
to the Calculation Amount or each Credit Linked W&C Security, as applicable, Deliverable 
Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, with:

--- Page 676 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
676 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date at least equal to the Calculation Amount (in the 
case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Notional Amount of each W&C Security (in the case of 
Credit Linked W&C Securities) less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit 
Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date equal to the Unwind Costs. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Security to which paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or

--- Page 677 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
677 
 
 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities) (together, for the purposes of 
this definition of Extension Date, the Scheduled Termination Date); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date; 
and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
Failure to Pay means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result 
of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Method means, with respect to any Securities for which Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, the fallback settlement 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final List has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
Final Price means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, which 
shall be the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the price determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms or, where applicable, Credit Linked Condition 10.  The 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, 
make available for inspection by Holders at the specified office of the Principal Agent (i) each such 
Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written 
computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
Financial Transaction Type means each of Standard European Financial Corporate, Standard 
Australia Financial Corporate, Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, Standard Japan Financial 
Corporate, Standard Singapore Financial Corporate and Standard Asia Financial Corporate as 
applicable. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more

--- Page 678 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
678 
 
 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as 
of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means:  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or

--- Page 679 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
679 
 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit 
Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, the Grace Period will 
be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, thirty 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, 
as applicable. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is 
the euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 680 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
680 
 
 
Hedging Arrangements means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset purchase(s), asset(s), 
trading position(s) or arrangement(s) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or 
hold from time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly 
and whether in whole or in part the credit or other risks or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities. 
Hedge Disruption Event means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event or circumstances 
(including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates and/or its agents (a) have not received the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation(s) under the terms of the Hedging Arrangements and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter 
into or exercise rights under its Hedging Arrangements in each case in such a manner as is necessary 
to meet its obligations in full as these fall due solely with amounts or assets which it is entitled to 
receive under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot 
be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as 
published by ISDA on the Date of the Physical Settlement Matrix specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal of such 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond has been or will be exchanged or converted 
(including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets 
with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-
year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Market Value means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded);

--- Page 681 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
681 
 
 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighed Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, either (A) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or a Reference Entity (any such entity, the Mergor) consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to (i) where the 
Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), a Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is a 
Reference Entity, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), or (B) (i) either of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no such amount is so specified, the lower of 
(a) USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation 
Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date or the 
Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, 
is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of 
the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date 
on which such determination is made. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Securities, for purposes of settlement, the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of the 
Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms

--- Page 682 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
682 
 
 
are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply).  If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Securities will be settled 
in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method.  If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified 
to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as 
applicable. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in 
the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was 
issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last

--- Page 683 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
683 
 
 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), such date falling on or 
after the Credit Event Resolution Request Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion and as specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both a Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice 
of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is fifteen Business Days after the Extension Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked Condition 17.

--- Page 684 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
684 
 
 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means, with respect to Securities for which (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring applies and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant 
to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) specifies 
the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of Movement 
Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations.  For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
Obligation, the term "Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described 
by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the 
Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
(1) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(2) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(3) 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(4) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(5) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(6) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan.

--- Page 685 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
685 
 
 
(B) 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
(1) 
(a) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or, (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(b) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is 
being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence 
of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(c) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the relevant Securities, (I) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the 
obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to 
the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(2) 
Credit Linked Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the 
currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Credit 
Linked Specified Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency 
is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a Credit 
Linked Specified Currency, "Credit Linked Specified Currency" shall also include an 
obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(3) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement

--- Page 686 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
686 
 
 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred 
to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(4) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall 
not constitute the Domestic Currency; 
(5) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic 
Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall 
not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(6) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(7) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a 
result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such 
obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of 
such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Securities (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) in respect of a Series of 
Securities that are Exempt Securities only, this definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" is specifically amended or overridden in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) the relevant 
Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities. 
Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4.

--- Page 687 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
687 
 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into 
account the Hedging Arrangements, or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 688 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
688 
 
 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions;   
(v) 
if "Limited Recourse Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of 
specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or 
collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding 
following the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or 
collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (and 
in this case, then for the purpose of determining whether such obligation is an 
Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not 
Subordinated"); or 
(vi) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4.

--- Page 689 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
689 
 
 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business 
Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest 
number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified 
the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 that it will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu 
of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall 
be 35 Business Days. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Credit Event means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has or may have occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential 
Credit Event.  A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each 
determine whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has or may have 
occurred. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor.

--- Page 690 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
690 
 
 
PSN Cut-off Date means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 11 the later of: 
1. 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, Credit Linked Condition 
2(B) applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date or (b) a No 
Auction Announcement Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
I. 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
II. 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than 
one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last Parallel 
Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day 
immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if 
more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as 
applicable, in circumstances where either: 
I. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the 
Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option; or

--- Page 691 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
691 
 
 
II. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph 
(c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and 
the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (a)(i) 
above; and 
2. 
the 115th Business Day following the relevant Credit Event Determination Date or such earlier day as 
the Issuer may select taking into account the Hedging Arrangements. 
PSN Effective Date means the date on which a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice or 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the 
Issuer. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if no such source is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, 
Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian 
Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in 
the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state:

--- Page 692 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
692 
 
 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying

--- Page 693 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
693 
 
 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of 
the Reference Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if 
no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to "Representative Amount") or, if 
no amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount selected by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of each Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation Agent 
provided that the aggregate of all such amounts (or the equivalents of such amounts in the Specified 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates at or about the relevant 
Valuation Date) shall not exceed the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Securities on or about the 
relevant Valuation Date.

--- Page 694 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
694 
 
 
Quotation Dealer means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Successor to 
the Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the 
Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if 
any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be 
the Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation 
any Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level.  In 
addition, (i) the Calculation Agent may replace the Reference Obligation with any further Deliverable 
Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time to time and (ii) 
if a new obligation is placed on the SRO List, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then the 
Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect 
of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation.  The provisions of this definition may be applied 
by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the 
Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Reference Obligation Only Securities means any Securities in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and, if applicable, the Deliverable Obligation 
Category in the applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 695 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
695 
 
 
Reference Transaction means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms, the Reference Obligation and the Reference 
Entity are (i) the same as in respect of the Securities (if Deliverable Obligation Terms and a 
Reference Obligation are specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or a Reference Obligation are not so specified, the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference 
Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable, of the Securities; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Hedging Arrangements and/or any credit 
derivative elections made in relation to the Securities. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount 
specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations"

--- Page 696 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
696 
 
 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 4. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(x) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(y) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable (i) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is 
the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and 
(B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of 
such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than 
the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity 
and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are 
each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable.

--- Page 697 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
697 
 
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect 
to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or the Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled 
Exercise Date, as applicable.  A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence.  The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is 
the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and Resolved and Resolves shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Securities and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single

--- Page 698 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
698 
 
 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union; 
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (ii) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion; 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in paragraphs (i) to (v) of this definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition 
of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such 
exchange. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of 
Credit Linked N&C Securities) or the Scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of Credit Linked W&C 
Securities).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan 
with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5 year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) 
and the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Exercise Date, as applicable, occurs prior to the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.  
For these purposes, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date 
on which such determination is made.

--- Page 699 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
699 
 
 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing 
which; 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Currency of the Securities. 
Settlement Method means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or if no Settlement Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Auction Settlement, (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Physical Delivery. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, two.

--- Page 700 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
700 
 
 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect 
to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:

--- Page 701 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
701 
 
 
I. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
II. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Securities as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders in accordance with N&C 
Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in

--- Page 702 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
702 
 
 
accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date 
although the Calculation Agent is not obliged to select a Substitute Reference Obligation at 
any time.  If (A) either (i) Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or (ii) 
either Auction Settlement or Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Physical Delivery, is applicable pursuant to the 
Fallback Settlement Method) and, in each case, the Reference Obligation is the only 
Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date, a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has not been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension 
Date to redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption Amount (determined by the Calculation 
Agent taking into account the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of the early 
redemption) by notice to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable, such payment to be made as specified in such notice.  
Such notice shall contain details of the procedures and due date for such early redemption. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Securities that are Reference Obligation Only Securities. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Securities to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
relates are not Reference Obligation Only Securities: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event.

--- Page 703 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
703 
 
 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is 
a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than 25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than 25 per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each 
be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the 
greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each 
such entity will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever

--- Page 704 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
704 
 
 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity 
(the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations.   
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Holders at the specified office of the Principal Agent.  In calculating the percentages used to determine 
whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the 
Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as 
if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv), (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the 
adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the 
Securities under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 
16 or W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such 
Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 705 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
705 
 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the 
Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect 
to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable.  For purposes of this 
definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly.  In the case 
of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
Successor Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision.  In relation to a Credit Event (and 
as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one 
or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time.  Each such form of 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", 
"Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event.  The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes 
of the Securities shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which 
the Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms).  The Reference Transaction (as set out in 
the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked 
Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
appropriate to the Securities.

--- Page 706 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
706 
 
 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Transaction Type specified in respect 
of such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the 
Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any 
reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but 
excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or any information by a Holder) it is impossible or illegal to 
Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if "Standard Associated 
Costs" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Associated Costs as defined in N&C Securities 
Condition 8.7 in respect of N&C Securities or as defined in W&C Securities Condition 5.3 in respect 
of W&C Securities. Notwithstanding this definition, if Unwind Costs are specified as Not Applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms then for purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions Unwind Costs will be 
deemed to be zero. 
Valuation Date means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11: 
(a) 
where Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the day falling 
two Business Days after the Final Delivery Date (as such term is defined in the Physical 
Delivery N&C Securities Conditions or the W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable) or such 
other earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Hedging 
Arrangements (if any), or, otherwise; 
(b) 
(i) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 11, a date selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion falling in the period from and including the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above, the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs) to and including the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, ninety Business Days) after such date (or, if "Cash Settlement" is 
applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method, in accordance with paragraphs 
(i) or (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, a date selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable, to 
and including the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, ninety Business Days) 
after such date); and 
(ii) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of the 
following dates: 
(A) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, a date selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Credit 
Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs

--- Page 707 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
707 
 
 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination 
Date above, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) to 
and including the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, ninety 
Business Days) after such date (or if Cash Settlement is the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method, in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 2 above, a date selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any, as applicable to and including the day falling the number of Business 
Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, ninety Business Days) after such date); and  
(B) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the total number 
of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
Valuation Method: 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with only 
one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
Weighted Highest means the weighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained for each relevant Valuation Obligation provided that if "Weighted Highest" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and only one Valuation Obligation is 
selected by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 3 for the 
purposes of valuation, the relevant Valuation Method shall be deemed to be "Highest". 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with more 
than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or

--- Page 708 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
708 
 
 
(iii) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or 
Average Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where applicable, the applicable Final Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method 
which shall be applicable in respect of the relevant Securities. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
Weighted Average Quotation means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of an 
M(M)R Restructuring: 
(a) 
in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial 
Redemption Amount) that may be less than the aggregate Nominal Amount of those N&C 
Securities outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice.  In such 
circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply 
to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such N&C Security shall be redeemed in 
part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each such N&C Security not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount 
outstanding of such N&C Security as provided in N&C Securities Condition 6 (adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such 
N&C Security in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of 
the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, 
following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been 
determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to 
Securityholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such 
adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as 
practicable the same economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise 
reflect or account for the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) 
and (y) the effective date of such adjustment(s).

--- Page 709 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
709 
 
 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(a) apply in respect of the N&C Securities, 
on redemption of part of each such N&C Security the relevant N&C Security or, if the N&C 
Securities are represented by a Global N&C Security, such Global N&C Security, shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
(b) 
in the case of Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in relation to that 
Restructuring and in respect of an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than 
the Notional Amount of each W&C Security immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit 
Event Notice.  In such circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions 
shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Cancellation Amount only and each such W&C 
Security shall be cancelled in part (such cancelled part being equal to the Partial Cancellation 
Amount). 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt (A) the Notional Amount of each such W&C Security not so 
cancelled in part shall remain outstanding (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked 
Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such amount outstanding of such W&C 
Security in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following 
a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been 
determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable to Holders under the relevant 
Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms and 
Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect as if 
each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect of the 
above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(b) and (y) the effective date of such 
adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
if the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(b) apply in respect of the W&C Securities, 
on cancellation of part of each such W&C Security the relevant W&C Security or, if the W&C 
Securities are represented by a Global W&C Security, such Global W&C Security shall be 
endorsed to reflect such part cancellation. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (v) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect 
of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) (A) is a Bond and/or (B) is an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six 
and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Physically Settled 
Default Swaps– Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity" (September 2014) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply:

--- Page 710 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
710 
 
 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in Credit 
Linked Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, paragraph (B) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and 
the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect 
of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the guarantor 
and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the 
benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying 
Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur; and 
(vi) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
(c) 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Outstanding 
Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 13 to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the 
Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor respectively.  Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of 
such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of 
payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instruments 
shall be disregarded for the purposes of limb (ii) of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Outstanding 
Principal Balance" provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the 
terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument 
Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. 
(d) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and 
the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised

--- Page 711 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
711 
 
 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), 
and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. Paragraph (a), the paragraph commencing "If two more 
entities…" and the paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this definition of "Successor…", in 
each case in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended by adding 
"or Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee".  Such paragraph commencing 
"If two or more entities…" will be further amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" 
after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
(f) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution 
Event. The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", paragraph (c)(i) of the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" and paragraph (b)(ii) of "Substitution Event" are 
hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
(g) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (i) to (v) 
inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby 
amended to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by 
the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (d) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where

--- Page 712 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
712 
 
 
(A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and 
(B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy" at the end thereof. 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" and, if Credit Linked Condition 15 
is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 15, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy.  In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to 
the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to refer to 
the Insured Obligor with the exception of the references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (d) inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" which shall continue to 
refer to the Reference Entity." 
(h) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation.  In the event that 
"M(M)R Restructuring" applies and a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant 
definition.  References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the "guarantor" 
and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" and "insuring" respectively.  With respect 
to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, 
the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit Linked Condition 4 and the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying 
Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(i) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of "Credit Event", "Deliver" and "Prohibited 
Action" in Credit Linked Condition 13 references to the "Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying 
Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(j) 
Additional Definitions. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument 
Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in these 
Credit Linked Conditions) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a 
special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor).  Qualifying Policies shall 
exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations 
of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured 
Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) 
(1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described 
in paragraph (c) above and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax

--- Page 713 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
713 
 
 
gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts 
(whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
17. 
Determinations and Notices 
(a) 
Determinations and interpretation 
The Calculation Agent will determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions on the basis that the demarcation of days shall be made by reference 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for 
these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case 
may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
(b) 
Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), as applicable, pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone and will be effective when given. 
If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and delivered 
confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of 
that notice.  Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of 
that telephonic notice.  Any notice required to be sent or delivered by the Issuer may be sent 
or delivered on behalf of the Issuer by any of the Issuer's Affiliates and/or service providers, 
and any determination or exercise of a discretion required to be made by the Issuer may be 
delegated by it and made on its behalf by any of the Issuer's Affiliates and/or service providers. 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on 15 September 2014) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with respect to 
any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to, the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to, the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" 
in Credit Linked Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation 
of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 714 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
714 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
"Reference Obligation means each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation), as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date (which list is, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, available at http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php), 
any Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation.  Each Reference Obligation determined 
in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity.  The Standard Reference Obligation 
shall not apply. 
It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all 
applicable references in the Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" shall be 
construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of the Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  No Substitution Event may occur and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation may be determined in respect of an LPN Reference 
Obligation and the definitions of Substitution Event and Substitute Reference Obligation in 
this Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be construed accordingly."; 
(e) 
the definition of Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following 
substituted therefor: 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation 
in respect of such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified)." 
(f) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a LPN) by 
an entity (the LPN Issuer) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (a) 
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan) or (b) provide finance to the 
Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
Underlying Finance Instrument), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date 
of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for 
the benefit of the holders of the LPNs.

--- Page 715 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
715 
 
 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation), as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date (which list is, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, available at http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php). 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an Interest), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or 
similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN 
Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity.  For the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Conditions each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a 
commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or Hedging Party (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative 
documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation, 
trading or settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to reflect or account 
for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect the Hedging Arrangements of the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates.  Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 
19 shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C 
Securities Condition 9, as applicable. 
20. 
Specific Provisions for Credit Linked Warrants 
Any specific amendments to these Credit Linked Conditions which may be required in respect of an 
issuance of Credit Linked Warrants (which shall be Exempt W&C Securities only) shall be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
21. 
Early redemption or exercise of Reference Obligation Only Securities following a Substitution 
Event 
If the Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a single Reference Entity and the 
event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, then:  
(a) 
in the case of N&C Securities: 
(i) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Securities from and including the 
Coupon Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if no

--- Page 716 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
716 
 
 
Coupon Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit Linked Securities; 
and 
(ii) 
each unit or nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Calculation Amount set 
out in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference 
Obligation Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the 
purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 21 shall be the day falling five Business Days 
following the relevant Substitution Event Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of W&C Securities each Credit Linked W&C Security will be cancelled by the Issuer on 
the day falling five Business Days following the relevant Substitution Event Date at its Early 
Cancellation Amount as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with W&C Securities 
Condition 5. 
22. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the Prior DC Resolution), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant Further DC Resolution) is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part 
of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to 
the N&C Securities Conditions or W&C Securities Conditions, as applicable, or these Credit Linked 
Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, 
without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution 
on the Hedging Arrangements. 
23. 
Hedging Disruption 
(a) 
Hedging Disruption Adjustment 
In the event that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to: 
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or  
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation no longer exists or other circumstances exist as described in 
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Substitution Event and no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is determined (which the Calculation Agent may determine not to do in its sole 
discretion); or 
(iii) 
the existing Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any Affiliate, or the ability of the Issuer 
or any Affiliate to enter into new Hedging Arrangements, are affected by any change in any 
standard terms used in any relevant market (such standard terms including, without limitation, 
any version of the ISDA Credit Derivative Definitions, any supplements thereto or any other 
terms or documentation that may be published by ISDA from time to time, and such a change 
including, without limitation, any amendment to or reinterpretation of any standard terms or

--- Page 717 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
717 
 
 
the publication or introduction of new standard terms) or in market practice in any relevant 
market,  
(each of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, a Hedging Adjustment Event) the Issuer 
may make such adjustment to the Conditions of the Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
these Credit Linked Conditions) as the Issuer determines is appropriate to account for such Hedging 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment.  Any adjustment made in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 23 shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with N&C Securities Condition 16 or W&C Securities Condition 9. 
(b) 
Hedging Disruption Termination 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23(a) above, if the Issuer determines that 
no adjustment that it could make under Credit Linked Condition 23(a) above would be sufficient (in 
the Issuer's opinion) to reflect the occurrence of the relevant Hedging Adjustment Event, the Issuer 
may redeem or cancel all but not some only of the Securities as of such date as the Issuer shall 
determine by notice given to the Securityholders in accordance with N&C Securities Condition 16 or 
W&C Securities Condition 9, as applicable, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount and each W&C Security being cancelled at the Early Cancellation Amount as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with W&C Securities Condition 5. 
24. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
(a) 
Applicability of the provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each item in the 
Final Terms in respect of which "See Physical Settlement Matrix" is specified shall, in respect of a 
Reference Entity, be construed to have the meaning given to it for the relevant Transaction Type in 
the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13 above) but in each 
case (if relevant) as such provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix are amended in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of this Credit Linked Condition 24. Any relevant item in the Final 
Terms will be deemed to be "Applicable" in respect of a Reference Entity if such item states "See 
Physical Settlement Matrix" and, in respect of the relevant Transaction Type for that Reference Entity, 
the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix specifies substantially the same term as is specified in the 
relevant item of the Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the other provisions of the relevant Physical Settlement Matrix 
shall be relevant in determining the terms of the Securities. 
(b) 
Amendments to the provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix 
To the extent applicable in accordance with paragraph (a) above, the following provisions of the 
relevant ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix shall be amended as follows: 
 
Provision 
Amendment 
Credit Events 
References to "Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be 
references to "Calculation Amount". 
Obligation 
Characteristics/Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics 
References to "Specified Currency" shall 
be deemed to be references to "Credit 
Linked Specified Currency".

--- Page 718 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
718 
 
 
Physical Settlement Period 
References to "Section 8.19 of the 
Definitions" shall be deemed to be 
references to "the definition of Physical 
Settlement 
Period 
in 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 13".  
Monoline Supplement 
References to "Monoline Supplement" 
shall be deemed to be references to Credit 
Linked Condition 16 "Provisions taken 
from 
the 
ISDA 
supplement 
titled 
"Additional Provisions for Physically 
Settled Default Swaps – Monoline Insurer 
as Reference Entity"". 
The 
reference 
to 
"the 
relevant 
Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to "the applicable Final Terms". 
LPN Additional Provisions 
References to "LPN Additional Provisions" 
shall be deemed to be references to Credit 
Linked Condition 18 "Provisions taken 
from 
the 
ISDA 
supplement 
titled 
"Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities"". 
CoCo Reference Entities 
References to "2014 CoCo Supplement to 
the 
2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014) " shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked 
Condition 25 (Provisions taken from the 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (published on 15 
September 2014)). 
The Russian Federation 
References to "Additional provisions for 
the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)" 
shall be deemed to be references to Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Provisions taken 
from 
the 
ISDA 
Supplement 
titled 
"Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation: Obligation Characteristics and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" 
(published on 13 August, 2004)). 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations 
References to "Additional Provisions for 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017)" shall be deemed to be references to 
Credit Linked Condition 27 (Provisions 
taken from the ISDA Supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
preferred 
Reference 
Obligations" 
(published on 8 December, 2017)).

--- Page 719 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
719 
 
 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions 
References to "2019 NTCE Supplement to 
the 
2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions (July 15, 2019)" shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (2019 Narrowly Tailored 
Credit Event Provisions). 
25. 
Provisions taken from the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on 15 September 2014) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 25 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of the Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the 
following provisions will apply to the Reference Entity:  
(a) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13. 
(b) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for 
all purposes under the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(c) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Coco Provision means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is 
at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference Entity 
(or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, 
as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
26. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation: Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" (published 
on 13 August 2004) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 26 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding the definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, any obligation that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, IANs, MinFins or 
PRINs shall not be an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation for the purposes of the Securities, where: 
IANs means floating rate interest notes due 2002 and 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of the USSR 
pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, 
among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and Participating Creditors named therein; 
MinFins (also known as "OVVZs" or "Taiga" bonds) means Internal Government Hard Currency 
Bonds issued by the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation representing (i) restructured debt 
of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII) or (ii) debt of the Russian Federation issued in 
1996 (Series VI and VII); and

--- Page 720 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
720 
 
 
PRINs means Vnesheconombank's loans arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange 
Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent 
and Participating Creditors named therein.  
27. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 27 will apply: 
(A) 
to the Reference Entity in respect of any Credit Linked Securities for which a single Reference 
Entity is specified in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) this Credit Linked Condition 27 
is specified as "Applicable" in item 32 (xxxix) of the applicable Final Terms or (ii) "See 
Physical Settlement Matrix" is specified in item 32 (xxxix) of the applicable Final Terms and 
the "Transaction Type" for the Reference Entity is either "Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate" or "European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate"; or 
(B) 
where there is more than one Reference Entity specified in respect of the relevant Credit 
Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms, only to those Reference Entities in respect of 
which (i) if this Credit Linked Condition 27 is specified as "Applicable" in item 32 (xxxix) of 
the applicable Final Terms, the "Seniority Level" is specified as "Senior Non-Preferred Level" 
in the Table annexed to the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if "See Physical Settlement Matrix" 
is specified in item 32 (xxxix) of the applicable Final Terms, the "Transaction Type" is either 
"Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate" or "European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate". 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 27 will not apply in any other circumstances or in 
respect of any other Reference Entities. 
(a) 
Amendments to the definitions 
(i) 
Reference Obligation 
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is amended 
by the insertion of the following language after the words "if any" in the first line of 
such definition: 
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference 
Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference 
Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to 
be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Credit Linked Securities and such 
previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation". 
(ii) 
Seniority Level 
The definition of "Seniority Level" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
Seniority Level means Senior Non-Preferred Level.

--- Page 721 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
721 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any specification of the "Seniority Level" as "Senior Non-
Preferred Level" in item 32 (xxxix) of the applicable Final Terms shall apply only to 
those Reference Entities to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 27 
apply. 
(b) 
Additional definitions 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference 
Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed; 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets 
the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(the CRR) or which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance 
with the CRR; and 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means each of: 
(i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations 
thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. 
(c) 
Subordinated Obligation 
A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Conditions and it shall be deemed that there is a relevant Reference 
Obligation which is a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the definitions of "Excluded 
Obligation" and "Relevant Obligations" in Credit Linked Condition 13. 
(d) 
Further Subordinated Obligation 
A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for 
the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(e) 
Subordination 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the definition of "Obligation" in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation 
without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, 
including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 722 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
722 
 
 
28. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
If this Credit Linked Condition 28 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following:  
"Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an 
occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed 
not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to 
such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not 
directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that the Calculation Agent makes any 
such determination, it may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 
(Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019).". 
(b) 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following 
"Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows:  
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent 
Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance,  
in each case, determined:

--- Page 723 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
723 
 
 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into 
account the Hedging Arrangements or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (ii) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or 
may become, subject.  
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under paragraph (ii) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan 
where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment 
amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such 
Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, 
then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the 
Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between 
the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line 
interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and  
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange 
for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the 
resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the 
relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level 
of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee."

--- Page 724 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
724 
 
 
FORMS OF GUARANTEES 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
FORM OF NHI GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE amends and restates the Deed of Guarantee dated 22 February 2021 of 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. (the Guarantor) and is given on 7 October 2021 by the Guarantor. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. (the Issuer) and the Guarantor have entered into an amended 
and restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 7 October 2021 (as the same may be supplemented, 
amended and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) with, inter alios, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as Principal Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as Registrar pursuant to 
which the Issuer may from time to time issue Securities under its Note, Warrant and Certificate 
Programme (the Programme). 
(B) 
The applicable final terms (the Final Terms) relating to each series of Securities will specify whether 
or not those Securities are Guaranteed N&C Securities or Guaranteed W&C Securities and if so 
whether the guarantor is Nomura Holdings, Inc. and any Securities specified as such shall, for the 
purposes of this Guarantee and subject as provided in Clause 4 below in respect of W&C Securities, 
be referred to as Guaranteed Securities. 
(C) 
In respect of the guarantee of each Series of Guaranteed W&C Securities, the application of the 
Guarantee to such Series of Guaranteed W&C Securities is subject to authorisation on a case by case 
basis from an executive officer of the Guarantor authorised by the Guarantor's Executive Management 
Board, all as provided in Clause 4 below. 
(D) 
Terms defined in (i) the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities or the Terms and Conditions of 
the W&C Securities (as applicable) and (ii) each applicable annex of additional terms and conditions 
(together, the Conditions) in the form referred to in the definition of "Conditions" in the Agency 
Agreement and not otherwise defined in this Guarantee shall have the same meaning when used in 
this Guarantee. 
(E) 
Any Guaranteed Securities for which Nomura Holdings, Inc. is specified to be the applicable 
Guarantor, issued on or after the date of this Guarantee will be guaranteed pursuant to this Guarantee 
other than any Guaranteed Securities issued so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with any 
Guaranteed Securities issued prior to the date hereof. This does not affect any Guaranteed Securities 
issued prior to the date of this Guarantee, in relation to which such previous form of guarantee as 
applied to those Guaranteed Securities on issue, will continue to apply. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH as follows: 
1. 
The Guarantor as primary obligor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the holder (as 
such term is used in the Conditions) from time to time of each Guaranteed Security (each a Relevant 
Holder) (which, in the case of an N&C Security, shall include any Receiptholder and/or 
Couponholder, if applicable) by way of continuing guarantee: 
(a) 
the due and punctual payment of all amounts payable by the Issuer on or in relation to such 
Guaranteed Securities as and when the same shall become due to be paid under the Conditions;

--- Page 725 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
725 
 
 
(b) 
the due and punctual performance of any delivery obligations (Delivery Obligations) 
assumed or incurred by the Issuer on or in relation to such Guaranteed Securities as and when 
the same shall become due to be performed under the Conditions; and 
(c) 
the due and punctual performance and observance by the Issuer of each of the other provisions 
of the Conditions in relation to such Guaranteed Securities (the Relevant Obligations) to be 
performed or observed by it thereunder. 
2. 
The Guarantor as primary obligor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that if and each time that the 
Issuer shall fail to make any payments, perform any Delivery Obligations or perform or observe any 
Relevant Obligations as and when the same become due to be paid, performed or observed, the 
Guarantor will on demand (without requiring the Relevant Holder first to take steps against the Issuer 
or any other person) (i) pay to the Relevant Holder the relevant amounts payable in the currency in 
which they are payable by the Issuer or (ii) perform or observe or procure the performance or 
observation of the relevant Delivery Obligation or Relevant Obligation (in each case as to which the 
certificate of the Relevant Holder shall in the absence of manifest error be conclusive). 
3. 
In respect of any Guaranteed Security, without affecting the obligations of the Issuer thereunder, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a 
surety in respect of such Guaranteed Security. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its 
liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer 
or any other person, (b) any amendment to such Guaranteed Security or to any security or other 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of such Guaranteed Security, (c) the making or absence of any 
demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment or performance of any Delivery Obligation or 
Relevant Obligation under such Guaranteed Security, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement 
of such Guaranteed Security or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity in respect of such 
Guaranteed Security, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, 
invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of such Guaranteed Security or any of 
the Issuer's obligations thereunder). 
4. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Guarantee, the Guarantor's obligations under this 
Guarantee in respect of each Series of Guaranteed W&C Securities only are subject to the conditions 
precedent set out in (a) and (b) below: 
(a) 
the receipt by the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Issue Date for the relevant 
Series of W&C Securities of a certified copy of an English translation of a written 
determination of an executive officer of the Guarantor authorised by the Executive 
Management Board of the Guarantor (an NHI Approval) authorising the application of this 
Guarantee to the relevant Series of W&C Securities and, in particular confirming that such 
resolution or determination is provided: 
(i) 
in contemplation of the terms of this Guarantee; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of authorising the guarantee of the relevant Series of W&C 
Securities; and 
(iii) 
specifically referencing the relevant Series of W&C Securities to which such 
authorisation applies; and 
(b) 
the date of the relevant NHI Approval is included in the applicable Final Terms for such W&C 
Securities.

--- Page 726 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
726 
 
 
The term Guaranteed W&C Securities and Guaranteed Securities as used in this Guarantee shall only 
refer to such W&C Securities as comply with the requirements of this Clause 4. 
5. 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way 
of continuing security until no sum remains, or is capable of remaining, payable or deliverable under 
any Guaranteed Security.  Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not 
instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Relevant 
Holder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise, in respect of such Guaranteed Security. 
6. 
The Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court 
in the event of dissolution, liquidation, merger or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any right to require a 
proceeding first against the Issuer, protest or notice with respect to the relevant Guaranteed Securities 
or the indebtedness evidenced thereby and all demands whatsoever and hereby covenants that this 
Guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee, which shall not be discharged except by complete 
performance of the obligations contained in the Conditions in respect of the relevant Guaranteed 
Securities. 
7. 
If any payment or other consideration received by a Relevant Holder under any Guaranteed Security 
is, on the subsequent bankruptcy, insolvency or corporate reorganisation of the Issuer or other such 
similar event, avoided or set aside under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment 
or consideration will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the 
Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or consideration had at all 
times remained owing by the Issuer and the Guarantor shall indemnify the Relevant Holders in respect 
thereof PROVIDED THAT the obligations of the Guarantor under this Clause shall, as regards each 
payment made to any Relevant Holder which is so avoided or set aside, be contingent upon such 
payment being reimbursed to the Issuer or other persons entitled through the Issuer. 
8. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Clause 9 below in respect of Guaranteed N&C Securities only) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall (subject as aforesaid and save for obligations in 
respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
9. 
In respect only of Guaranteed Securities which are N&C Securities (Guaranteed N&C Securities), 
the Guarantor undertakes that so long as any of the Guaranteed N&C Securities remain outstanding as 
defined in the Agency Agreement, it will not create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its property, assets or revenues, present 
or future, to secure for the benefit of the holders of any securities (i) payment of any sum due in respect 
of any securities, (ii) any payment under any guarantee of securities or (iii) any payment under any 
indemnity or other like obligation relating to securities, in any such case in which: 
(a) 
either such securities are by their terms payable, or confer a right to receive payment, in any 
currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guarantor (the 
Guarantor's Currency) which is Japanese Yen, or such securities are denominated in the 
Guarantor's Currency and more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount thereof is 
initially distributed outside the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guarantor (the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction) which is Japan, by or with the authorisation of the Guarantor or 
(if not the Guarantor) the Issuer; and 
(b) 
such securities are for the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market outside the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction,

--- Page 727 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
727 
 
 
without in any such case at the same time according to this Guarantee either the same security as is 
granted to or is outstanding in respect of such securities, guarantee, indemnity or other like obligation 
or such other security or guarantee as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders. 
As used in this paragraph, securities means bonds, debentures, notes or other similar investment 
securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other person with a stated maturity of more than one 
year from the creation thereof. 
10. 
Withholding or deduction: 
10.1 
All payments made under this Guarantee by the Guarantor in respect of any Guaranteed N&C Security 
will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor (or as the case may be, the relevant Paying 
Agent) will make such payment after the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges has been made, shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount 
required to be withheld or deducted and: 
(a) 
in the case of N&C Securities which are specified as being Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms, unless the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
9.1.2 of the Conditions are specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Guarantor shall not pay any additional amounts to the Relevant Holders; and 
(b) 
in the case of (A) N&C Securities which are not specified as being Reference Item Linked 
N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms and (B) Reference Item Linked N&C Securities 
in respect of which the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 9.1.2 of the Conditions are 
specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, the Guarantor will, subject 
to certain limitations and exceptions (set forth below), pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Relevant Holders after the withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect 
of the N&C Securities, or, as the case may be, Receipts or Coupons in the absence of the 
withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to 
any payment in respect of any N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested in the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested by or on behalf of 
a Relevant Holder (a) who is, for tax purposes in the Guarantor's Jurisdiction or (b) 
who is otherwise subject to such taxes and duties by reason of having some connection 
with the Guarantor's Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such N&C Security, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the Relevant 
Holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Day (as defined in the Conditions). 
In addition, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to (i) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b)

--- Page 728 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
728 
 
 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
10.2 
The Guarantor shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment (including any stamp or transfer tax) which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
exercise or enforcement of any W&C Security by any person and all payments made under this 
Guarantee by the Guarantor in respect of any W&C Security shall be made subject to any such tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
11. 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Relevant Holder that it has all 
corporate power, and, subject as provided in Clause 4 above in respect of W&C Securities has taken 
all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver and perform this Guarantee, and 
that this Guarantee constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation in accordance with its terms. 
12. 
This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Relevant Holders and shall be deposited with and 
held by the Principal Agent. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Relevant Holder 
to the production of, and the right of every Relevant Holder to obtain a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Relevant Holder, and that each such Relevant Holder 
shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
13. 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guaranteed Securities have been irrevocably paid 
in full and all Delivery Obligations and/or Relevant Obligations of the Issuer thereunder have been 
performed in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of 
any Relevant Holder or claim in competition with the Relevant Holders against the Issuer. 
14. 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the 
approval of an Extraordinary Resolution of the Relevant Holders of the relevant Guaranteed Securities 
and any purported assignment or delegation without such approval will be void; provided, however, 
that approval will not be required for the assumption by a Substituted Guarantor (as defined below) of 
the rights and obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee in the circumstances described in 
Clause 15 below. 
15. 
In the event that another company (the Substituted Guarantor) is substituted for the Guarantor as 
guarantor in relation to Guaranteed Securities in accordance with the Conditions, the Guarantor will 
procure that the Substituted Guarantor shall assume all of its rights and obligations hereunder. 
16. 
All communications to the Guarantor shall be by fax or letter delivered by hand or by telephone, 
marked for the attention of, or (in the case of communication by telephone) to, the person or 
department from time to time notified by the Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions.  The initial 
telephone number, fax number and person or department so specified by the Guarantor are set out 
below: 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
c/o Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. 
13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome

--- Page 729 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
729 
 
 
Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8645 
Telephone: 
+81 3 6746 7720 
Telefax: 
+81 3 6702 7850 
Attention: 
Head of Treasury Department 
17. 
If any provision in or obligation under this Deed is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect under the law of any jurisdiction, that will not affect or impair (i) the validity, legality or 
enforceability under the law of that jurisdiction of any other provision in or obligation under this Deed, 
and (ii) the validity, legality or enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction of that or any 
other provision in or obligation under this Deed. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
18.1 
Governing law 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
18.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to sub-clause (c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee, including any dispute as to its 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
its nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it (a Dispute) and each of the Guarantor and any relevant Relevant Holders 
in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of sub-clauses (a) and (c), the Guarantor waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.   
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Relevant Holders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, 
take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Service of process 
The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Nomura International plc at its registered office at 1 Angel Lane, 
London EC4R 3AB, United Kingdom as its agent under this Guarantee for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Nomura 
International plc being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Guarantor agrees 
that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing in this 
Clause 18 shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 730 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
730 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been entered into as a deed by the Guarantor on the date 
which appears first on page 1. 
 
Executed as a deed by  
 
) 
NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC.  
 
and signed and delivered as a deed 
) 
on its behalf by: 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's signature: 
 
Name: 
Address:

--- Page 731 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
731 
 
 
FORM OF NSC GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE amends and restates the Deed of Guarantee dated 22 February 2021 of 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (the Guarantor) and is given on 7 October 2021 by the Guarantor. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. (the Issuer) and the Guarantor have entered into an amended 
and restated Agency Agreement dated on or about 7 October 2021 (as the same may be supplemented, 
amended and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) with, inter alios, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as Principal Agent and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as Registrar pursuant to 
which the Issuer may from time to time issue Securities under its Note, Warrant and Certificate 
Programme (the Programme). 
(B) 
The applicable final terms (the Final Terms) relating to each series of N&C Securities will specify 
whether or not those Securities are Guaranteed N&C Securities and if so whether the guarantor is 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.  and any N&C Securities specified as such shall, for the purposes of this 
Guarantee, be referred to as Guaranteed Securities. 
(C) 
Terms defined in (i) the Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities and (ii) each applicable annex 
of additional terms and conditions (together, the Conditions) in the form referred to in the definition 
of "Conditions" in the Agency Agreement and not otherwise defined in this Guarantee shall have the 
same meaning when used in this Guarantee. 
(D) 
Any Guaranteed Securities for which Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. is specified to be the applicable 
Guarantor, issued on or after the date of this Guarantee will be guaranteed pursuant to this Guarantee 
other than any Guaranteed Securities issued so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with any 
Guaranteed Securities issued prior to the date hereof. This does not affect any Guaranteed Securities 
issued prior to the date of this Guarantee, in relation to which such previous form of guarantee as 
applied to those Guaranteed Securities on issue, will continue to apply. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH as follows: 
1. 
The Guarantor as primary obligor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the holder (as 
such term is used in the Conditions) from time to time of each Guaranteed Security (each a Relevant 
Holder) (which shall include any Receiptholder and/or Couponholder, if applicable) by way of 
continuing guarantee: 
(a) 
the due and punctual payment of all amounts payable by the Issuer on or in relation to such 
Guaranteed Securities as and when the same shall become due to be paid under the Conditions; 
(b) 
the due and punctual performance of any delivery obligations (Delivery Obligations) 
assumed or incurred by the Issuer on or in relation to such Guaranteed Securities as and when 
the same shall become due to be performed under the Conditions; and 
(c) 
the due and punctual performance and observance by the Issuer of each of the other provisions 
of the Conditions in relation to such Guaranteed Securities (the Relevant Obligations) to be 
performed or observed by it thereunder. 
2. 
The Guarantor as primary obligor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that if and each time that the 
Issuer shall fail to make any payments, perform any Delivery Obligations or perform or observe any 
Relevant Obligations as and when the same become due to be paid, performed or observed, the 
Guarantor will on demand (without requiring the Relevant Holder first to take steps against the Issuer 
or any other person) (i) pay to the Relevant Holder the relevant amounts payable in the currency in 
which they are payable by the Issuer or (ii) perform or observe or procure the performance or

--- Page 732 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
732 
 
 
observation of the relevant Delivery Obligation or Relevant Obligation (in each case as to which the 
certificate of the Relevant Holder shall in the absence of manifest error be conclusive). 
3. 
In respect of any Guaranteed Security, without affecting the obligations of the Issuer thereunder, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a 
surety in respect of such Guaranteed Security. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its 
liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer 
or any other person, (b) any amendment to such Guaranteed Security or to any security or other 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of such Guaranteed Security, (c) the making or absence of any 
demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment or performance of any Delivery Obligation or 
Relevant Obligation under such Guaranteed Security, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement 
of such Guaranteed Security or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity in respect of such 
Guaranteed Security, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, 
invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of such Guaranteed Security or any of 
the Issuer's obligations thereunder). 
4. 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way 
of continuing security until no sum remains, or is capable of remaining, payable or deliverable under 
any Guaranteed Security.  Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not 
instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Relevant 
Holder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise, in respect of such Guaranteed Security. 
5. 
The Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court 
in the event of dissolution, liquidation, merger or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any right to require a 
proceeding first against the Issuer, protest or notice with respect to the relevant Guaranteed Securities 
or the indebtedness evidenced thereby and all demands whatsoever and hereby covenants that this 
Guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee, which shall not be discharged except by complete 
performance of the obligations contained in the Conditions in respect of the relevant Guaranteed 
Securities. 
6. 
If any payment or other consideration received by a Relevant Holder under any Guaranteed Security 
is, on the subsequent bankruptcy, insolvency or corporate reorganisation of the Issuer or other such 
similar event, avoided or set aside under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment 
or consideration will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the 
Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or consideration had at all 
times remained owing by the Issuer and the Guarantor shall indemnify the Relevant Holders in respect 
thereof PROVIDED THAT the obligations of the Guarantor under this Clause shall, as regards each 
payment made to any Relevant Holder which is so avoided or set aside, be contingent upon such 
payment being reimbursed to the Issuer or other persons entitled through the Issuer. 
7. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Clause 8 below) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall 
(subject as aforesaid and save for obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other 
statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
8. 
The Guarantor undertakes that so long as any of the Guaranteed Securities remain outstanding as 
defined in the Agency Agreement, it will not create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its property, assets or revenues, present 
or future, to secure for the benefit of the holders of any securities (i) payment of any sum due in respect 
of any securities, (ii) any payment under any guarantee of securities or (iii) any payment under any 
indemnity or other like obligation relating to securities, in any such case in which:

--- Page 733 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
733 
 
 
(a) 
either such securities are by their terms payable, or confer a right to receive payment, in any 
currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guarantor (the 
Guarantor's Currency) which is Japanese Yen, or such securities are denominated in the 
Guarantor's Currency and more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount thereof is 
initially distributed outside the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guarantor (the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction) which is Japan, by or with the authorisation of the Guarantor or 
(if not the Guarantor) the Issuer; and 
(b) 
such securities are for the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market outside the 
Guarantor's Jurisdiction, 
without in any such case at the same time according to this Guarantee either the same security as is 
granted to or is outstanding in respect of such securities, guarantee, indemnity or other like obligation 
or such other security or guarantee as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Securityholders. 
As used in this paragraph, securities means bonds, debentures, notes or other similar investment 
securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other person with a stated maturity of more than one 
year from the creation thereof. 
9. 
Withholding or deduction: 
All payments made under this Guarantee by the Guarantor in respect of any Guaranteed Security will 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Guarantor's Jurisdiction, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor (or as the case may be, the relevant Paying 
Agent) will make such payment after the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges has been made, shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount 
required to be withheld or deducted and: 
(a) 
in the case of Guaranteed Securities which are specified as being Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms, unless the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 
9.1.2 of the Conditions are specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Guarantor shall not pay any additional amounts to the Relevant Holders; and 
(b) 
in the case of (A) Guaranteed Securities which are not specified as being Reference Item 
Linked N&C Securities in the applicable Final Terms and (B) Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities in respect of which the provisions of N&C Securities Condition 9.1.2 of the 
Conditions are specified to apply to the Securities in the applicable Final Terms, the Guarantor 
will, subject to certain limitations and exceptions (set forth below), pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Relevant Holders 
after the withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable in respect of the Guaranteed Securities, or, as the case may be, Receipts or Coupons 
in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be 
payable in relation to any payment in respect of any such Guaranteed Security, Receipt or 
Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested in the Guarantor's 
Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested by or on behalf of 
a Relevant Holder (a) who is, for tax purposes in the Guarantor's Jurisdiction or (b)

--- Page 734 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
734 
 
 
who is otherwise subject to such taxes and duties by reason of having some connection 
with the Guarantor's Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Guaranteed 
Security, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment or in respect of which payment is requested more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the Relevant 
Holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment 
Day (as defined in the Conditions). 
In addition, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to (i) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
10. 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Relevant Holder that it has all 
corporate power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver 
and perform this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation 
in accordance with its terms. 
11. 
This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Relevant Holders and shall be deposited with and 
held by the Principal Agent. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Relevant Holder 
to the production of, and the right of every Relevant Holder to obtain a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Relevant Holder, and that each such Relevant Holder 
shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
12. 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guaranteed Securities have been irrevocably paid 
in full and all Delivery Obligations and/or Relevant Obligations of the Issuer thereunder have been 
performed in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of 
any Relevant Holder or claim in competition with the Relevant Holders against the Issuer. 
13. 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the 
approval of an Extraordinary Resolution of the Relevant Holders of the relevant Guaranteed Securities 
and any purported assignment or delegation without such approval will be void; provided, however, 
that approval will not be required for the assumption by a Substituted Guarantor (as defined below) of 
the rights and obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee in the circumstances described in 
Clause 14 below. 
14. 
In the event that another company (the Substituted Guarantor) is substituted for the Guarantor as 
guarantor in relation to Guaranteed Securities in accordance with the Conditions, the Guarantor will 
procure that the Substituted Guarantor shall assume all of its rights and obligations hereunder. 
15. 
All communications to the Guarantor shall be by fax or letter delivered by hand or by telephone, 
marked for the attention of, or (in the case of communication by telephone) to, the person or

--- Page 735 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
735 
 
 
department from time to time notified by the Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions.  The initial 
telephone number, fax number and person or department so specified by the Guarantor are set out 
below: 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. 
13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome 
Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8011 
Telephone: 
+81 3 6746 7720 
Telefax: 
+81 3 6702 7850 
Attention: 
Head of Treasury Department 
 
16. 
If any provision in or obligation under this Deed is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect under the law of any jurisdiction, that will not affect or impair (i) the validity, legality or 
enforceability under the law of that jurisdiction of any other provision in or obligation under this Deed, 
and (ii) the validity, legality or enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction of that or any 
other provision in or obligation under this Deed. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
17.1 
Governing law 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to sub-clause (c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee, including any dispute as to its 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of its 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it (a Dispute) and each of the Guarantor and any Relevant Holders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of sub-clauses (a) and (c), the Guarantor waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.   
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Relevant Holders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, 
take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Service of process 
The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Nomura International plc at its registered office at 1 Angel Lane, 
London EC4R 3AB, United Kingdom as its agent under this Guarantee for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Nomura 
International plc being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Guarantor agrees 
that a failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing in this 
clause 17 shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 736 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
736 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been entered into as a deed by the Guarantor on the date 
which appears first on page 1. 
 
Executed as a deed by  
 
) 
NOMURA SECURITIES CO., LTD.  
 
and signed and delivered as a deed 
) 
on its behalf by: 
 
 
) 
 
In the presence of: 
Witness's signature: 
 
Name: 
Address:

--- Page 737 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
737 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Book-Entry Clearing Systems) 
currently in effect.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Book-Entry Clearing Systems are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Book-Entry 
Clearing System.  Neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any agent party to the Agency Agreement will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in the Securities held through the facilities of any Book-Entry Clearing System 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer and the Guarantors that it is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the 
New York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
member of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 
Exchange Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for securities that its participants (Direct Participants) 
deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other 
securities transactions in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry transfers and pledges 
between Direct Participants' accounts.  This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates.  Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depositary Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC).  DTCC, in turn, is owned by a number of Direct 
Participants and Members of the National Securities Clearing Corporation, Fixed Income Clearing Corporation 
and Emerging Markets Clearing Corporation (also subsidiaries of DTCC), as well as by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange LLC and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.  
Access to the depositary system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers 
and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a DTC participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with 
Direct Participants, Participants).  The rules applicable to Direct Participants are on file with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission.  More information about DTC can be found at its internet web site at 
http://www.dtcc.com ,  but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Securities) as described below 
and receives and transmits payments on DTC Securities.  Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Securities (Beneficial Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC 
Securities similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on 
behalf of their respective Beneficial Owners.  Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold DTC 
Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess registered Securities, the Rules, 
by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect to the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Securities being a Beneficial Owner, is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participant's records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the 
Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to 
be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.

--- Page 738 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
738 
 
 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. or any other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC.  The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration in the name 
of Cede & Co. or any other nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners.  The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect 
from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Securities 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures.  Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Securities are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC.  DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant 
payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records.  Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, 
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Securities, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Securities for definitive registered Securities, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Security, will 
be legended as set forth under "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, 
or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its registered 
Securities from DTC as described below. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Securities at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent.  Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depository is not obtained, DTC Securities certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several

--- Page 739 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
739 
 
 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any series of Securities represented by a registered Global 
Security accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of such registered Global Security, DTC 
or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts or number of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such registered Global Security to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer.  
Ownership of beneficial interests in any such registered Global Security will be limited to Direct Participants 
or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Security, the respective depositaries 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Security 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of 
Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a registered Global Security accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Security.  In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC 
or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a 
portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the registered Global Security 
in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted 
into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will 
not receive payment on such payment date.  The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to Beneficial 
Owners of DTC Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case 
with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not 
the responsibility of DTC, any Agent, the Registrar, the New York Security Agent or the Issuer.  Payments of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on securities to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Rule 144A Global W&C Securities 
Payments in U.S. dollars in respect of a Rule 144A Global W&C Security registered in the name of DTC's 
nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of such W&C Security.  In the 
case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the New York Security 
Agent on behalf of DTC's nominee and the New York Security Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in 
the Rule 144A Global W&C Security held through DTC in the currency in which such payment was made 
and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants' account. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a registered Global Security within DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain 
persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities 
represented by a registered Global Security to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Securities for Securities in definitive form.  Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct

--- Page 740 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
740 
 
 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having 
an interest in Securities represented by a registered Global Security accepted by DTC to pledge such Securities 
to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or to otherwise take action in respect of such 
Securities may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive form.  The 
ability of any holder of Securities represented by a registered Global Security accepted by DTC to resell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Securities is 
not eligible to hold such Securities through a Direct or Indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the registered Global Securities described 
under "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions", cross-market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and 
through action taken by the Registrar, Principal Agent, the New York Security Agent and any custodian 
(Custodian) with whom the relevant Global W&C Securities or Registered Global N&C Securities, as 
applicable, have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Securities, transfers of such Securities (or beneficial interests therein) 
between accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of such Securities (or 
beneficial interests therein) between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business 
days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such 
transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Global W&C Securities or Registered Global N&C Securities, as applicable, will be effected 
through the Registrar, Principal Agent, the New York Security Agent and the Custodian (as applicable) 
receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of 
the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-
market transfers, settlement between Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis.  The Securities (or beneficial interests therein) 
will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in registered Global Securities among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any 
time.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance 
by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and 
none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Securities represented by Global W&C Securities or Registered Global N&C 
Securities, as applicable, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden (formerly known as VPC AB) is a Swedish private limited liability company managing 
account operations and clearing activities for the Swedish financial market. Euroclear Sweden is an authorised 
central securities depositary pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998: 1479) 
(Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and is acting under 
the supervision of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). Euroclear Sweden 
is owned by Euroclear S.A. 
For each Security issued through Euroclear Sweden, a CSD Register (Sw.avstämningsregister) is created. The 
CSD Register will consist of a number of accounts, one for each holder of the Security in question. Such 
account is opened by the holder in person or by a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) on behalf of the holder. Title to a 
registered Security is transferred through registration in the system operated by Euroclear Sweden (the VPC 
System).

--- Page 741 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
741 
 
 
In conjunction with an issue of securities to be registered in the VPC System, the Issuer must engage a financial 
institution authorised by Euroclear Sweden to operate as an issuer agent. The issuer agent is responsible for 
ensuring that the instructions received from the Issuer with respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer 
agent will be authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealings with Euroclear Sweden. 
SIX SIS AG 
Swiss Securities will be cleared through SIX SIS Ltd. The address of SIX SIS Ltd. is SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 
100, CH-4600 Olten, P.O. Box 1626, CH-4601 Olten. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN and Swiss 
Security Number for each Tranche of Swiss Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Swiss Securities are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 742 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
742 
 
 
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Regulation S Investors 
Each non-U.S. person purchasing Securities outside the United States in offshore transactions pursuant to 
Regulation S (a Regulation S Investor) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed as follows 
(unless otherwise defined, terms used herein that are defined in Regulation S are used as defined therein): 
(a) 
(i)(A) It is not a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (Regulation S), or (B) if the Final Terms in respect of 
an offering of Securities indicates that such Securities are not eligible to be offered, sold, resold, 
transferred, pledged, delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to or for 
the account or benefit of any person who is (I) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S, (II) a 
person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), (III) a "U.S. person" as defined in the 
Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations promulgated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
CFTC), or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and 
Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by 
the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the 
CEA, (IV) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations 
or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (V) a "United States person" as defined in the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time (each such person, a U.S. Person), it is not a U.S. Person, and (ii) 
it is acquiring the Securities in an offshore transaction outside the United States pursuant to Rule 
903 or 904 of Regulation S. 
(b) 
It understands that (A) neither the Securities, the Guarantee nor, in certain cases where applicable, 
the Entitlement have been or will be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state 
securities laws and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors has been or will be registered as an 
"investment company" under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the 1940 Act), (B) the Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the 
Securities has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA, (C) neither the Securities nor 
any beneficial interest therein may be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
in accordance with the provisions set out below or any other restriction set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and (D) it will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions and that each 
subsequent holder will be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Securities of such 
transfer restrictions. It acknowledges that the Issuer reserves the right prior to any sale or other 
transfer to require the delivery of such certifications, legal opinions and other information as the 
Issuer may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale or other transfer complies with 
the transfer restrictions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Notice, if the Final Terms in respect of an 
offering of Securities indicates that such Securities are not eligible to be offered, sold, resold, 
transferred, pledged, delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to or for 
the account or benefit of U.S. Persons, each Regulation S Investor acknowledges and agrees to the

--- Page 743 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
743 
 
 
selling and transfer restrictions under the federal securities and commodities laws of the United 
States as indicated and set out in such Final Terms. 
(c) 
It has made its own independent decisions to invest in the Securities and as to whether the 
investment in the Securities is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary.  It is not relying on any communication 
(written or oral) of the Issuer or the Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest 
in the Securities, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation 
to invest in the Securities.  No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer or the 
Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the investment 
in the Securities. 
(d) 
It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through 
independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms and conditions and the 
risks of the investment in the Securities.  It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of 
the investment in the Securities. 
(e) 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer is acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it in respect of the 
investment in the Securities. 
(f) 
It acknowledges that each of the Global Securities will bear legends substantially to the effect set 
out below and that the Issuer has covenanted not to remove either such legend so long as it shall 
be necessary for the Issuer to rely on the exception to the 1940 Act set out in Section 3(c)(7) 
thereof. 
Each subsequent transferee of a Regulation S Security will be deemed to have made the same representations, 
warranties and agreements above. 
U.S. Investors 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, each initial purchaser of Securities eligible to be 
offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (a Rule 144A Security) 
that is not a Regulation S Investor (a U.S. Investor) will be required to execute and deliver an Investor 
Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement and described below. In 
addition, transfers of interests in Global Securities (which term shall include both N&C Securities and/or W&C 
Securities, as the context permits) may require the delivery of a Transfer Certificate in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement and may require execution and delivery of a further Investor Representation Letter, as 
provided in the Conditions. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Investor 
Representation Letter to be delivered by each U.S. Investor shall include the following representations, 
warranties and agreements: 
1. 
Purchaser Requirements. The purchaser (i) is a QIB that is a QP, (ii) will provide notice of applicable 
transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee, and (iii) is purchasing for its own account or for the 
accounts of one or more other persons each of whom meets all of the requirements of sub-clauses (i) 
and (ii) of this clause. 
2. 
Notice of Transfer Restrictions.  Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (A) neither the 
Securities, the Guarantee nor, in certain cases where applicable, the Entitlement have been or will be 
registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and neither the Issuer nor 
the Guarantors has been or will be registered as an "investment company" under the 1940 Act, (B) the 
Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future 
delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA, (C) neither the Securities nor any beneficial interest therein may 
be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the provisions set 
out in paragraph 1 above or any other restriction set out in the applicable Final Terms and (D) the

--- Page 744 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
744 
 
 
purchaser will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions and that each subsequent holder will 
be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Securities of such transfer restrictions.  The 
purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer reserves the right prior to any sale or other transfer to require 
the delivery of such certifications, legal opinions and other information as the Issuer may reasonably 
require to confirm that the proposed sale or other transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Notice, if the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in respect of an offering of Securities indicates that such Securities are not eligible to be 
offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons, each purchaser acknowledges and agrees to 
the selling and transfer restrictions under the federal securities and commodities laws of the United 
States as indicated and set out in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
3. 
Mandatory Transfer.  Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at any time the 
Issuer determines or is notified by the Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser was in 
breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in 
paragraph 1 above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Securities 
would, in the sole determination of the Issuer or the Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the 
Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or 
other transfer will be void ab initio and will not be honoured.  Accordingly, any such purported 
transferee or other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a holder of Securities and the Issuer shall 
have the right, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities, to force the transfer of 
any such Securities.  There can be no assurance that a holder of Securities who is required to transfer 
Securities in this way will not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the Issuer to find a 
qualifying transferee willing to purchase the Securities.  Neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any 
other party shall be liable to a holder of Securities for any such loss.  No payments will be made on 
the affected Securities from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the 
Interest is sold. 
4. 
Rule 144A Information.  Each purchaser of Rule 144A Securities is hereby notified that the offer and 
sale of such Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A).  The Issuer has 
agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A. 
5. 
ERISA.  Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Securities (or any interest therein) will be 
deemed by such purchase or acquisition of any Securities (or any interest therein) to have represented 
and warranted, on each day from the date on which the purchaser or transferee acquires the Securities 
(or any interest therein) through and including the date on which the purchaser or transferee disposes 
of such Securities (or any interest therein), that either (i) it is not, is not using the assets of and shall 
not at any time hold such Securities (or any interest therein) for or on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor 
(as defined in Section 3(42) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (ERISA)) or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to any federal, state, local or 
non-U.S. laws or regulations substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or (ii) its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such Securities (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any substantially similar federal, state, local or 
non-U.S. laws or regulations. Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Securities (or any 
interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree 
that (i) none of the Issuer, the Principal Agent, the Guarantors, the Dealer(s) or any other party to the 
transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus, or other persons that provide marketing services, or 
any of their respective affiliates, has provided, and none of them will provide, any investment 
recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets 
of the Benefit Plan Investor (Plan Fiduciary), has relied as a primary basis in connection with its 
decision to invest in the Securities, and they are not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as 
defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan Investor or

--- Page 745 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
745 
 
 
the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor’s acquisition of the Securities; and (ii) 
the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the 
Securities. 
6. 
Base Prospectus.  The purchaser has received the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
and has not relied on any information relating to the Issuer, any Reference Entity, Reference Item 
and/or Reference Obligation, as applicable, or the Securities, other than information that is contained 
in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or that is publicly available.  Each purchaser 
acknowledges that neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any Dealer make any representation or 
warranty as to the adequacy or completeness of the Base Prospectus for purposes of the ability of the 
purchaser to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities.   
7. 
Investigation.  The purchaser has conducted its own investigation of the Securities and the Issuer and 
the Guarantors and acknowledges that it is not relying on any investigation that the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, any Dealer or any person representing the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer may have 
conducted with respect to the Securities, the Issuer or the Guarantors, and that none of such persons 
has made any representation to it, express or implied, with respect to the Securities, the Issuer or the 
Guarantors.  Each purchaser has had access to such financial and other information concerning the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and the Securities as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to 
purchase the Securities, including an opportunity to ask questions of and request information from the 
Issuer and any Dealer. 
8. 
Knowledge and Experience.  The purchaser is a highly sophisticated institutional investor with 
extensive knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and expertise in assessing credit 
and all other relevant risk. The purchaser is capable of evaluating independently, and, notwithstanding 
the inclusion of only limited information with respect to the Issuer and the Guarantors in the Base 
Prospectus, has evaluated independently the merits, risks and suitability of the potential purchase of 
the Securities. The purchaser is relying exclusively on its own sources of information, investigation, 
credit and legal analysis with respect to the Securities, the Issuer and the Guarantors and it has not 
relied in any respect on any Dealer with respect to information about the Issuer and the Guarantors in 
deciding to purchase the Securities.  The purchaser is not relying on any communication (written or 
oral) of the Issuer or the Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the Securities, 
it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the 
Securities.  The purchaser acknowledges and agrees that no communication (written or oral) received 
from the Issuer or the Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of the Securities. 
9. 
Legends on Global Securities.  The purchaser acknowledges that each of the Global Securities will 
bear legends substantially to the effect set out below and that the Issuer has covenanted not to remove 
either such legend so long as it shall be necessary for the Issuer to rely on the exception to the 1940 
Act set out in Section 3(c)(7) thereof. 
Any transfer or other disposition of any Securities or beneficial interest therein that would, in the sole 
determination of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the 
provisions of the 1940 Act will be void ab initio, and such transfer or other disposition will not be 
recognised by the Issuer.  If, at any time, any Securities or beneficial interest therein are held by or on 
behalf of a person in the United States or a U.S. person who is not a QIB that is a QP at the time it 
purchases such Securities, the Issuer may, in its discretion and at the expense and risk of such holder, 
require any such holder to transfer such Securities to a QIB that is a QP or to a non-U.S. person outside 
the United States.  There can be no guarantee that a holder of Securities who is required to transfer 
Securities in this way will not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the Issuer to find a 
qualifying transferee willing to purchase the Securities.  Neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any 
other party shall be liable to a holder of Securities for any such loss.  No payments will be made on 
the affected Securities from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the

--- Page 746 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
746 
 
 
interest is sold.  The determination of which Securities will be sold in any particular case is in the 
discretion of the Issuer. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Securities may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or 
more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Legends 
Each Rule 144A Global N&C Security and each Rule 144A Global W&C Security will bear a legend 
in substantially the following form. 
NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY NOR THE GUARANTEE 
THEREOF, IF ANY, HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE GUARANTOR, IF 
ANY, HAS BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED 
(THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT").  NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY 
INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS 
SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH 
DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, TO REGISTER AS AN 
"INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. THE 
SECURITIES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, 
CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS 
THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1936, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED 
BY 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
COMMODITY 
FUTURES 
TRADING 
COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") PURSUANT TO THE CEA. 
IN PURCHASING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR 
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT 
TO THE SECURITIES THAT (I) IT EITHER (A)(1) IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER ("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A") THAT IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
2(A)(51)(A) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT ("QP"), (2) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE 
OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE 
AND (3) IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE 
OR MORE OTHER PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING 
REQUIREMENTS OR (B) (1) IS NOT A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") AND IS ACQUIRING THE 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S OR PURCHASING 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON AND (2) IS PURCHASING THE 
SECURITIES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S) AND (II) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT (A) MEETS THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE PRECEDING CLAUSE (I) AND (B) AGREES NOT TO 
SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE (II).  IN THE EVENT OF 
ANY TRANSFER TO A PERSON DESCRIBED IN THE PRECEDING CLAUSE (I)(B), (1)

--- Page 747 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
747 
 
 
THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE SECURITIES SO 
TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE REGULATION S 
GLOBAL SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT); (2) THE 
TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A REGULATION S TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL AGENT AND THE NEW 
YORK SECURITY AGENT, AS APPLICABLE), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO CERTIFY AS TO ITS STATUS AS A NON-U.S. PERSON AND THAT IT IS 
NOT ACTING FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON.  ANY RESALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY MADE OTHER THAN 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS SHALL NOT BE 
RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, THE REGISTRAR, THE 
PRINCIPAL AGENT, THE NEW YORK SECURITY AGENT OR ANY OTHER AGENT OF 
THE ISSUER, AS APPLICABLE. 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED HEREBY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH 
PURCHASE OR ACQUISITION OF ANY SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN) TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE 
DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE ACQUIRES THE SECURITIES 
(OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH 
THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE DISPOSES OF SUCH SECURITIES (OR ITS 
INTEREST THEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, IS NOT USING THE ASSETS OF 
AND SHALL NOT AT ANY TIME HOLD SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN) FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(42) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN 
SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), OR (II) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, 
A VIOLATION OF ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS. 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED HEREBY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL BE FURTHER DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE 
THAT (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PRINCIPAL AGENT, THE GUARANTORS, THE 
DEALER(S) OR ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE 
BASE PROSPECTUS, OR OTHER PERSONS THAT PROVIDE MARKETING SERVICES, 
OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED, AND NONE OF THEM 
WILL PROVIDE, ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE 
ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY 
BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE SECURITIES, AND 
THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR’S ACQUISITION OF THE SECURITIES; AND (II) THE PLAN 
FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING 
THE INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES.

--- Page 748 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
748 
 
 
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT 
PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER 
MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.  EACH HOLDER OF 
A 
BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST 
IN 
THE 
SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED 
HEREBY 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IN THE EVENT THAT AT ANY TIME THE ISSUER 
DETERMINES OR IS NOTIFIED BY THE DEALER THAT SUCH PURCHASER WAS IN 
BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN OR DEEMED TO BE GIVEN, OF ANY OF THE 
REPRESENTATIONS OR AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND OR 
OTHERWISE DETERMINES THAT ANY TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY 
SECURITIES WOULD, IN THE SOLE DETERMINATION OF THE ISSUER, REQUIRE 
THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT 
COMPANY" UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, SUCH 
PURCHASE OR OTHER TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT BE 
HONOURED.  ACCORDINGLY, ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHER 
HOLDER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A SECURITYHOLDER AND 
THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO FORCE THE TRANSFER OF ANY SUCH 
SECURITIES. 
Each Regulation S Global N&C Security and each Regulation S Global W&C Security will bear a 
legend in substantially the following form. 
NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY NOR THE GUARANTEE 
THEREOF, IF ANY, HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE GUARANTOR, IF 
ANY, HAS BEEN OR WILL BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED 
(THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT").  NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY 
INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS 
SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH 
DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, TO REGISTER AS AN 
"INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. THE 
SECURITIES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, 
CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS 
THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1936, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED 
BY 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
COMMODITY 
FUTURES 
TRADING 
COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") PURSUANT TO THE CEA. 
IN PURCHASING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR 
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT 
TO THE SECURITIES THAT (I) IT EITHER (A)(1) IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER ("QIB") AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 
144A") THAT IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
2(A)(51)(A) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT ("QP"), (2) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE 
OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE 
AND (3) IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE 
OR MORE OTHER PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING 
REQUIREMENTS OR (B) (1) IS NOT A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S

--- Page 749 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
749 
 
 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") AND IS ACQUIRING THE 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S OR PURCHASING 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON AND (2) IS PURCHASING THE 
SECURITIES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S) AND (II) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT (A) MEETS THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE PRECEDING CLAUSE (I) AND (B) AGREES NOT TO 
SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE (II).  IN THE EVENT OF 
ANY TRANSFER TO A PERSON DESCRIBED IN THE PRECEDING CLAUSE (I)(A), (1) 
THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE SECURITIES SO 
TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE RULE 144A GLOBAL 
SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT); (2) THE TRANSFEROR 
WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A RULE 144A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE 
FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE 
FROM THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL AGENT AND THE NEW YORK SECURITY 
AGENT, AS APPLICABLE), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EXECUTE AN INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER, CERTIFYING AS TO ITS 
STATUS AS A QIB THAT IS A QP.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THE 
SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, 
THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL AGENT, THE NEW 
YORK SECURITY AGENT OR ANY OTHER AGENT OF THE ISSUER, AS APPLICABLE. 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED HEREBY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL BE DEEMED BY SUCH 
PURCHASE OR ACQUISITION OF ANY SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN) TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE 
DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE ACQUIRES THE SECURITIES 
(OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH 
THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE DISPOSES OF SUCH SECURITIES (OR ITS 
INTEREST THEREIN), THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, IS NOT USING THE ASSETS OF 
AND SHALL NOT AT ANY TIME HOLD SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN) FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(42) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN 
SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), OR (II) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH SECURITIES (OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, 
A VIOLATION OF ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR 
NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS. 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED HEREBY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL BE FURTHER DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE 
THAT (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PRINCIPAL AGENT, THE GUARANTORS, THE 
DEALER(S) OR ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE 
BASE PROSPECTUS, OR OTHER PERSONS THAT PROVIDE MARKETING SERVICES, 
OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED, AND NONE OF THEM

--- Page 750 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
750 
 
 
WILL PROVIDE, ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE 
ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY 
BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE SECURITIES, AND 
THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR’S ACQUISITION OF THE SECURITIES; AND (II) THE PLAN 
FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING 
THE INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. 
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT 
PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER 
MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.  EACH HOLDER OF 
A 
BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST 
IN 
THE 
SECURITIES 
EVIDENCED 
HEREBY 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IN THE EVENT THAT AT ANY TIME THE ISSUER 
DETERMINES OR IS NOTIFIED BY THE DEALER THAT SUCH PURCHASER WAS IN 
BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN OR DEEMED TO BE GIVEN, OF ANY OF THE 
REPRESENTATIONS OR AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND OR 
OTHERWISE DETERMINES THAT ANY TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY 
SECURITIES WOULD, IN THE SOLE DETERMINATION OF THE ISSUER, REQUIRE 
THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR, IF ANY, TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT 
COMPANY" UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, SUCH 
PURCHASE OR OTHER TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT BE 
HONOURED.  ACCORDINGLY, ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHER 
HOLDER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A SECURITYHOLDER AND 
THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO FORCE THE TRANSFER OF ANY SUCH 
SECURITIES.

--- Page 751 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
751 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The Issuer, Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd., was incorporated in Singapore under the Singapore 
Companies Act (Cap. 50) on 17 May 2012. The Issuer is a private company limited by shares registered in 
Singapore under number 201212290E for an unlimited period.  The liability of the members of the Issuer is 
limited.  The Issuer does not have any subsidiaries. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, #36-01, 
Singapore 018983 (telephone number: +65 643 36288).  
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOMURA GROUP 
The Issuer is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as The Nomura 
Securities Co., Ltd.). Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the ultimate holding company which manages financial 
operations for its subsidiaries (together the Nomura Group). 
Nomura Group is a global financial services group dedicated to providing a broad range of financial services 
for individual, institutional, corporate and government clients. 
Nomura Group offers a diverse line of competitive products and value-added financial and advisory solutions 
through its global headquarters in Tokyo, over 159 branches in Japan, and an international network in various 
countries; with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London and New York. 
Nomura Group's business activities include investment consultation and brokerage services for retail investors 
in Japan, and, on a global basis, brokerage services, securities underwriting, investment banking advisory 
services, merchant banking, and asset management. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Issuer's primary role is to support the Nomura Group's Global Wholesale Business and predominantly its 
fixed income and equities divisions which make up its Global Markets division. 
The Issuer currently has one employee and outsources services to affiliates including primarily Nomura 
Singapore Limited.  Further staff may be employed as appropriate to meet future needs. Those services which 
are outsourced include, amongst other things, the following services and functions: credit, finance, taxation, 
market risk management, information technology, legal, compliance, internal audit, disaster recovery and 
treasury. 
The Issuer supports Nomura's Global Wholesale Business in macro, credit and equity derivatives as well as 
structured products and solutions. The Nomura Group's derivative and solutions business essentially deals with 
entering into transactions with equity, interest rate, foreign exchange rate, commodities, credit, cash and 
derivative products. The structured solutions business of the Nomura Group includes the purchase of structured 
credit assets (including receivables, leases, insurance contracts, structured notes, project finance debt, 
government and quasi-government backed assets and public finance initiative deals), the provision and 
purchase of bridge and warehouse financing, deposit and risk certificates, execution of funded transactions: 
i.e. structured credit. These businesses utilise a broad spectrum of financial instruments including notes and 
loans and traditional banking products such as relationship loans, leveraged loans, deposits, guarantees and 
letters of credit to meet clients' needs and to manage their risk exposure. 
The Issuer conducts its business cross border from Singapore in the world's principal financial regions, with a 
focus on Europe, the United States and the Asia Pacific region. 
As business opportunities arise, the Issuer may expand its business. 
In particular the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the applicable licenses and permissions: 
 
expand the range of products and services it offers, and enter into new activities; 
 
broaden the scope of its client base, including new banking and financial institutions and corporate 
clients; and

--- Page 752 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
752 
 
 
 
expand its regional coverage, particularly in Asia through branches and subsidiaries. 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are material to an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
and no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year.  As the Issuer's primary role is 
to support the Nomura Group's Global Wholesale Business, as an entity it is not in direct competition with any 
other entities and as such there is currently no information to disclose in respect of its competitive position. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer has a total share capital of US$450,000,000 comprising of 230,000,000 ordinary shares. All issued 
shares are held by Nomura Holdings, Inc..  The issued capital of the Issuer has been fully paid up. 
Although the Issuer is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc., the Board of Directors 
operate in an independent capacity. Nonetheless, in order to minimise the risk of any abuse of control within 
the group, all members of the Nomura Group have to follow a Code of Ethics which contains compliance 
regulations designed to ensure that all members of the Nomura Group act in a lawful manner and in the best 
interests of the Nomura Group as a whole. 
MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND PRINCIPAL FUTURE INVESTMENTS 
The Issuer has made no material investments as at the date of this Base Prospectus and its Board of Directors 
has made no firm commitments on such material investments in the future. 
There are no principal future investments on which the Issuer's management bodies have already made firm 
commitments. 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial summary set forth below as at and for the financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 
2021 and the three months period ended 30 June 2021 has been derived from the audited financial statements 
of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 March 2021 and the unaudited condensed interim financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the three months ended 30 June 2021. This information should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to (i) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 and notes thereon prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standards and (ii) the unaudited condensed interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the three months ended 30 June 2021, respectively, and the accounting policies adopted in respect thereof: 
Extracts of the balance sheets of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 March 2020, 31 March 2021 and 
the three months period ended 30 June 2021: 
 
 
Three months period 
ended 30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
(USD'000) 
Financial year ended 
31 March 2020 
(USD'000) 
Financial year ended 
31 March 2021 
(USD'000) 
Assets 
15,994,033 
17,295,859 
15,757,553 
Liabilities 
15,774,571 
16,836,261 
15,523,287 
Net assets 
219,462 
459,598  
234,266 
Share capital 
450,000 
190,000 
450,000 
(Accumulated losses) 
(9,763) 
(19,053) 
(13,122) 
Own credit reserve 
(220,775) 
288,651  
(202,612) 
Shareholder's equity 
219,462 
459,598 
234,266

--- Page 753 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
753 
 
 
Extracts of the statements of comprehensive income for the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 March 
2020, 31 March 2021 and the three months periods ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021: 
 
 
Three 
months 
period  
ended 30 
June 2020 
(unaudited) 
Three 
months 
period 
ended 30 
June 2021 
(unaudited) 
Financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2020 
Financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2021 
 
(USD'000) 
(USD'000) 
(USD'000) 
(USD'000) 
Profit/(loss) before operating expenses 
279 
9,485 
(31,127) 
7,267 
Staff costs 
(37) 
(41) 
(109) 
(112) 
Other operating expenses 
(1,852) 
(2,357) 
(8,756) 
(9,210) 
Allowance for impairment 
(720) 
(372) 
(550) 
(598) 
(Loss)/profit before taxation 
(2,330) 
6,715 
(40,542) 
(2,653) 
Taxation 
389 
(1,149) 
6,927 
426 
(Loss)/profit for the period/year  
(1,941) 
5,566 
(33,615) 
(2,227) 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
(131,093) 
(18,163) 
171,868 
(491,263) 
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
period/year  
(133,034) 
(12,597) 
138,253 
(493,490) 
 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 have 
been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, One Raffles Quay, North Tower, Level 18, Singapore 048583 and 
contain an unqualified opinion from Ernst & Young LLP.  Ernst & Young LLP is registered with ACRA 
(Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority) which is the regulatory body of the accounting 
professionals.  In Singapore, Ernst & Young LLP is not required to be registered with a professional body, 
however, the partners and staff are members of ISCA (Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants) and the 
partner in charge is a licensed public accountant registered with ACRA.  None of the information in this Base 
Prospectus has been separately audited. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors 
A Board of Directors has responsibility for the overall management and direction of the business and affairs 
of the Issuer. 
The table below contains the details of the members of the Board of Directors in office as at the date of this 
document, their role and the date of appointment1. 
Name 
Office 
Date of 
Appointment 
Other principal activities 
within Nomura Group and 
outside Directorships 
Business Address 
Alok 
Vimalkishore 
Tapadia 
Director 
14 December 
2018 
Head of Structured Fixed 
Income Trading, Asia ex-Japan 
Director of Nomura Investments 
(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
10 Marina 
Boulevard #36-01 
Marina Bay 
Financial Centre 
Tower 2 
Singapore 018983 
                                                     
1  
The appointment is for an indefinite time.

--- Page 754 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
754 
 
 
Kenichiro Asano 
Director 
21 October 2019 
Global Treasurer and Head of 
Treasury Department of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Head of Treasury Department of 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. 
Chairman and Managing 
Director of Nomura Europe 
Finance N.V. 
Representative Director of 
Nomura Global Finance Co., 
Ltd. 
2-2-2, Otemachi, 
Chiyoda-ku, 
Tokyo 100-8130, 
Japan 
Kelvin Ho Teik 
Chye 
Director 
1 April 2020 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Director of Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
Director of Nomura Special 
Investments Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Securities 
Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
Director of Nomura Securities 
Singapore Pte. Ltd 
Director of Nomura Trust 
Company (Singapore) Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Trust 
Company (BVI) Limited 
Director of Nomura Asia 
Investment (Singapore) Ltd. 
Non-Executive Director of 
Workwell Leaders Ltd. 
10 Marina 
Boulevard #36-01 
Marina Bay 
Financial Centre 
Tower 2 
Singapore 018983 
Christopher 
Michael Mason 
Darke 
Director 
25 January 2021 
Director of Nomura Asia MB 
(Hong Kong) Limited 
Director of Pacific Dawn 
Limited 
Director of Pacific Crest Limited 
30/F Two 
International 
Finance Centre, 8 
Finance Street, 
Central, Hong 
Kong 
 
Audit Committee 
The Issuer relies on the Nomura Asia Pacific Holdings Co., Ltd. (NAPH) Audit Committee to ensure an 
effective internal control environment is maintained within the Issuer and ensuring corporate objectives are 
achieved and are consistent with those of the Nomura Group. 
As at the date of this document, the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

--- Page 755 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
755 
 
 
Name 
Office 
Date of 
Appointment to 
the Audit 
Committee 
Other principal activities 
within Nomura Group 
and outside Directorships 
Business Address 
Michael Lim Chairman of 
the NAPH  
Audit 
Committee 
1 July 2011 
Director and Chairman of 
Nomura Singapore Limited 
(Outside Director) 
Non-Executive Director of 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
(Outside Director) 
Director of Wah Hin & 
Company (Private) Limited 
Member of Public Service 
Commission of Singapore 
Non-Executive Director of 
FWD Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
10 Marina Boulevard 
#36-01 Marina Bay 
Financial Centre 
Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
 
 
 
Non-Executive Director of 
FWD Life Insurance Public 
Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Non-Executive Director of 
FWD Fuji Life Insurance 
Co., Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Lead Independent Director 
of Chemoil Energy Limited 
 
Vikas 
Sharma 
Senior 
Managing 
Director, 
Asia 
1 April 2017 
Member of the Advisory 
Board of Tapmi School of 
Business, Jaipur 
Senior Managing Director 
of Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
Director of Nomura 
Singapore Limited 
Director of Junar India 
Private Limited 
10 Marina Boulevard 
#36-01 Marina Bay 
Financial Centre 
Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Naoyuki 
Oguri 
Corporate 
Auditor 
1 April 2021 
Director of Nomura 
Securities Co., Ltd. 
Director of Capital Nomura 
Securities Public Co., Ltd 
2-2-2, Otemachi 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 
100-8130, Japan 
Hisato 
Miyashita 
Senior 
Advisor, 
Group 
Secretariat 
and 
Regulatory 
Affairs 
1 July 2021 
Employee of Nomura 
Holdings Inc. 
2-2-2, Otemachi 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 
100-8130, Japan

--- Page 756 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
756 
 
 
Executive Management Committee 
Day-to-day management of the Issuer is carried out by the Executive Management Committee, whose 
objective is to develop and oversee business and operational strategies and policies, and to ensure corporate 
objectives of the Issuer, in line with those of the Nomura Group, are achieved. 
As at the date of this document, the members of the Executive Management Committee (EMC) are as follows: 
Name 
Position and 
role within 
Issuer if 
applicable 
Other principal activities within 
Nomura Group and outside 
Directorships 
Business Address 
Sharad Kochar 
Chairman of 
EMC and 
Treasury 
Representative 
Regional Head of Treasury, Asia 
ex-Japan 
Global Head of Treasury Planning 
and Analysis 
Director of Nomura Special 
Investments Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Desmond Koh Sio 
Wee 
Member of 
EMC and Risk 
Representative 
Head of Singapore Market Risk 
Global Head of FX and EM Rates 
Market Risk Management 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Alok 
Vimalkishore 
Tapadia 
Director, 
Member of 
EMC and 
Representative 
from Global 
Markets (Asia 
ex Japan) 
Head of Structured Fixed Income 
Asia ex Japan 
Director of Nomura Investments 
(Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
April Chong 
Member of 
EMC and 
Compliance 
Representative 
Head of Compliance, Singapore 
and Southeast Asia 
Co-Head of Global Markets 
Compliance, Asia 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
David Cummins 
Member of 
EMC and Legal 
Representative 
Head of Legal, Compliance and 
Controls, Nomura Australia 
Co-Head of Legal, Asia 
Director of Cummins Ryan Pty 
Ltd 
Director of Warringah Master 
Builders Ski Club Limited 
Level 41 Governor Phillip 
Tower 1 Farrer Place 
Sydney, NSW 2000 
Australia 
Kenichiro Asano 
Director and 
Member of 
EMC 
Global Treasurer and Head of 
Treasury Department of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
2-2-2, Otemachi, Chiyoda-
ku, Tokyo 100-8130, Japan

--- Page 757 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
757 
 
 
Head of Treasury Department of 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. 
Chairman and Managing Director 
of Nomura Europe Finance N. V. 
Representative Director of 
Nomura Global Finance Co., Ltd. 
Darren Liang 
Member of 
EMC and 
Operations 
Representative 
Head of Operations, Singapore  
Head of Operations, Regional 
Offices 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Kelvin Ho Teik 
Chye 
Director and 
Member of 
EMC 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Director of Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
Director of Nomura Special 
Investments Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Securities 
Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
Director of Nomura Securities 
Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Trust 
Company (Singapore) Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Trust 
Company (BVI) Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Asia 
Investment (Singapore) Ltd. 
Non-Executive Director of 
Workwell Leaders Ltd. 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Christopher 
Michael Mason 
Darke 
Director and 
Member of 
EMC 
Director of Nomura Asia MB 
(Hong Kong) Limited 
Director of Pacific Dawn Limited 
Director of Pacific Crest Limited 
30/F Two International 
Finance Centre, 8 Finance 
Street, Central, Hong Kong 
 
Risk Oversight Committee 
The Risk Oversight Committee of Nomura Asia Pacific Holdings Co., Ltd (the ROC) is responsible for the 
monitoring and control of market, credit, operational and liquidity risk issues relating to the Issuer as part of 
its wider risk monitoring remit.  
As at the date of this document, the members of the Risk Oversight Committee are as follows:

--- Page 758 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
758 
 
 
Name 
Position and 
role within 
Issuer if 
applicable 
Other principal activities within 
Nomura Group and outside 
Directorships 
Business Address 
Charles Denton 
Chairman of 
ROC 
Chief Risk Officer (Asia ex Japan) 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Nagarajan 
Sankaranarayanan 
Finance 
Representative 
and member of 
ROC  
Chief Financial and 
Administrative Officer (Asia ex 
Japan)  
Director of Nomura Asia Limited 
Director of Nomura International 
(HK) Limited 
Director of Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
Director of Nomura Australia 
Limited 
Director of Nomura Financial 
Products & Services, Inc. 
Director of Nomura Financial 
Investment (Korea) Co., Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Financial 
Advisory and Securities (India) 
Private Limited 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983 
Jonathan Wise 
Representative 
from Legal 
function and 
member of 
ROC 
General Counsel and Head of Asia 
Legal, Compliance and Controls, 
Asia 
30/F., Two International 
Finance Centre, 8 Finance 
Street, Central, Hong Kong 
Rig Karkhanis 
Member of 
ROC 
Deputy Head of Global Markets 
Head of Global Markets, AEJ 
Senior Managing Director of 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. Director of 
Nomura Asia Investment (Fixed 
Income) Pte. Ltd. 
Director of Nomura Singapore 
Limited 
10 Marina Boulevard #36-
01 Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 2 Singapore 
018983

--- Page 759 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
759 
 
 
In addition the Issuer has delegated to the Nomura Holdings, Inc. Board, its committees and sub-committees 
the necessary authority, where appropriate, to review and approve certain day to day business, operations, 
risks, internal controls and transactions of the Issuer. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer by the members of the Board of 
Directors, the Audit Committee, the Executive Management Committee and the Risk Oversight Committee 
and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Any conflict of interest that should arise will be resolved by the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2006.  Pursuant to Section 156 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore, any director 
of a company who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a transaction or proposed 
transaction with the company shall as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to their knowledge, 
declare the nature of their interest at a meeting of the directors of the company. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime of Singapore.

--- Page 760 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
760 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NHI GUARANTOR 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
INTRODUCTION 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), with Corporation Number 0100-01-034881, is a holding company of one of the 
leading financial services groups in Japan.  NHI is the ultimate holding company of a group of companies and 
manages financial operations for those subsidiary companies (together the Nomura Group).  The Issuer is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of NHI. 
NHI (previously known as The Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.) was incorporated in Japan on 25 December 1925 
under the Commercial Code of Japan when the securities division of The Osaka Nomura Bank, Ltd. became a 
separate entity specialising in the trading and distribution of debt securities in Japan. The registered head office 
of NHI is located at 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8645, Japan, and the telephone number 
is +81-3-5255-1000. NHI's legal entity identifier (LEI) is 549300B3CEAHYG7K8164. NHI's constitutional 
documents (i.e., Articles of Incorporation) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus are dated 27 
November 1925, as most recently amended on 24 June 2015. Further, NHI's commercial registration is up to 
date as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Nomura Holdings, Inc.'s website is www.nomuraholdings.com. Information found on this website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
NHI's business purpose is, according to Article 2 of NHI's Articles of Incorporation, by means of holding 
shares, to control and manage the business activities of domestic companies which engage in the following 
businesses and the business activities of foreign companies which engage in the business equivalent to the 
following businesses: (1) financial instruments business prescribed in the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Law; (2) banking business prescribed in the Banking Law and trust business prescribed in the Trust Business 
Law; (3) any other financial services and any business incidental or related to such financial services; and (4) 
other than as prescribed in the items above, any other business ancillary or related to survey and research in 
connection with the economy, financial or capital markets, or infrastructure or undertaking the outsourcing 
thereof. NHI may conduct any other business incidental to its business activities described in this paragraph.  
HISTORY 
NHI was the first Japanese securities company to develop its business internationally with the opening in 1927 
of a representative office in New York. In Japan, NHI broadened the scope of its business when it began 
trading in equity securities in 1938 and when it organised the first investment trust in Japan in 1941. 
On 1 October 2001, NHI adopted a holding company structure. In connection with this reorganisation, NHI 
changed its name from "The Nomura Securities Co., Ltd." to "Nomura Holdings, Inc." NHI continues to be 
listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and other stock exchanges on which it was previously listed. A 
wholly-owned subsidiary of NHI assumed its securities business and is named "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd." 
NHI has proactively engaged in establishing a governance framework to ensure transparency in its 
management. Among other endeavours, when NHI adopted a holding company structure and was listed on the 
New York Stock Exchange in 2001, NHI installed Outside Directors. In addition, in June 2003, NHI further 
strengthened and increased the transparency of its oversight functions by adopting the Company with Three 
Board Committees, a system in which management oversight and business execution functions are clearly 
separated.  
In 2008, to pave the way for future growth, NHI acquired and integrated the operations of Lehman Brothers 
in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East.  
CURRENT BUSINESS STRATEGY, MARKET TRENDS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE 
GUARANTOR 
The Nomura Group is one of the leading financial services groups in Japan and it operates offices in countries 
and regions worldwide including Japan, the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region through its subsidiaries. 
The Nomura Group's clients include individuals, corporations, financial institutions, governments and 
governmental agencies.

--- Page 761 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
761 
 
 
The Nomura Group's business consists of its Retail, Asset Management, Wholesale and newly established 
Merchant Banking divisions.   
In its Retail segment, the Nomura Group provides investment consultation services mainly to individual clients 
in Japan.  In its Asset Management segment, the Nomura Group develops and manages investment trusts, and 
provides investment advisory services.  In its Wholesale segment, the Nomura Group engages in the sales and 
trading of debt and equity securities, derivatives, and currencies on a global basis, and provides investment 
banking services such as the underwriting of debt and equity securities as well as mergers and acquisitions and 
financial advice. 
The Nomura Group established a Merchant Banking Division in January 2018. In the Merchant Banking 
Division, the Nomura Group has embarked on principal business to primarily provide equity to transactions 
such as business reorganisations and revitalisations, business succession as well as management buyouts. 
As the ultimate holding company for the Nomura Group, NHI depends on dividends, distributions and other 
payments from subsidiaries to make payments on its obligations. There are no recent events particular to NHI 
which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of NHI's solvency and no known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on NHI's prospects for at 
least the current financial year. 
MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND PRINCIPAL FUTURE INVESTMENTS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, NHI has made no material investments since the date of its last published 
financial statements and there are no principal future investments on which NHI's management bodies have 
already made firm commitments. 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS OF NHI 
The following table sets forth, on a U.S. GAAP basis, the consolidated capitalisation and indebtedness of NHI 
as of 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021:  
 
 
31 March  
2020 
31 March  
2021 
 
 
(Millions of Yen) 
Short-term borrowings 
 
1,486,733 
1,368,098 
Long-term borrowings 
 
7,775,665 
7,975,012 
NHI Shareholders' equity: 
 
 
 
Common stock 
 
 
 
Authorised - 6,000,000,000 shares as of 31 
March 2020 and 2021 
 
 
 
 
Issued -  3,493,562,601 shares as of 31 
March 2020 and 3,233,562,601 shares as of 
31 March 2021 
 
 
 
Outstanding - 3,038,587,493 shares as of 31 
March 2020 and 3,063,155,434 shares as of 
31 March 2021 
 
 
594,493 
594,493 
Additional paid-in capital 
 
683,232 
696,122 
Retained earnings 
 
1,645,451 
1,533,713 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
(26,105) 
(38,144) 
Total NHI shareholders' equity before treasury 
stock 
 
2,897,071 
2,786,184 
Common stock held in treasury, at cost - 
454,975,108 shares as of 31 March 2020 and 
170,407,167 shares as of 31 March 2021 
 
 
 
(243,604) 
(91,246) 
Total NHI shareholders' equity 
 
2,653,467 
2,694,938

--- Page 762 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
762 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
 
77,797 
61,513 
Total equity 
 
2,731,264 
2,756,451 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
 
11,993,662 
12,099,561 
 
As of 31 March 2021, NHI had 3,233,562,601 issued shares, 3,063,155,434 outstanding shares and 
170,407,167 shares held in treasury, at cost. As of 31 March 2021, the total NHI shareholders' equity was JPY 
2,694,938 million. The issued capital of NHI has been fully paid up. 
NHI enters into various guarantee arrangements in the form of standby letters of credit and other guarantees 
with third parties. The amount of potential future payments under these guarantee contracts outstanding was 
¥2,351 million as of 31 March 2020 and ¥206,072 million as of 31 March 2021. 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR NHI 
The financial summary set forth below as at and for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and the three 
months ended 30 June 2021 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of NHI in 
NHI's annual reports for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and an English translation of NHI’s 
unaudited Quarterly Securities Report for the three months ended 30 June 2021, each of which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. This information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by 
reference to, the consolidated financial statements of NHI and notes thereon prepared in accordance with U.S. 
GAAP for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended 30 June 2021, respectively, 
and the accounting policies adopted in respect thereof: 
Consolidated balance sheets of NHI as at 31 March 2020 and 2021 and as at 30 June 2021: 
 
 
31 March 2020 
31 March 2021 
30 June 2021 
 
(Millions of Yen) 
Total assets 
43,999,815 
42,516,480 
41,830,204 
Total equity 
2,731,264 
2,756,451 
2,804,320 
Total liabilities 
41,268,551 
39,760,029 
39,025,884 
 
Consolidated statements of income of NHI for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and the three months 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2021: 
 
 
31 March 
30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
 
(Millions of Yen) 
Total revenue 
1,952,482 
1,617,235 
514,049 
405,172 
Interest expense 
664,653 
215,363 
53,302 
51,897 
Net revenue 
1,287,829 
1,401,872 
460,747 
353,275 
Total non-interest expenses 
1,039,568 
1,171,201 
278,936 
274,742 
Income before income taxes 
248,261 
230,671 
181,811 
78,533 
Income tax expense  
28,894 
70,274 
37,513 
28,540 
Net income  
219,367 
160,397 
144,298 
49,993 
Net income attributable to NHI 
shareholders 
216,998 
153,116 
142,516 
48,487 
Return on equity(1) 
8.2% (2) 
5.7%(2)  
21.0%(3) 
7.1%(3)

--- Page 763 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
763 
 
 
(1) 
This information is included because NHI believes that it provides a useful alternative measure of operating performance. 
(2) 
Calculated as net income attributable to NHI shareholders divided by the average total NHI shareholders' equity at the beginning and the end of 
the respective fiscal year. 
(3) 
Calculated as net income attributable to NHI shareholders (annualised) divided by the average total NHI shareholders’ equity at the beginning 
and the end of the respective period. 
The annual financial statements of NHI for the financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 have been 
audited by Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, Tokyo Midtown Hibiya, 1-1-2, Yuraku-cho, Chiyoda-ku, 100-
0006, Tokyo, Japan, and contain an opinion from Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC. None of the information in 
this Base Prospectus has been separately audited. 
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of the 
Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
NHI complies with the Japanese corporate governance regime and applicable capital adequacy requirements. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
While the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted some of the critical accounting estimates and underlying 
assumptions used in the consolidated financial statements during the year ended 31 March 2021, no further 
significant adverse changes in these estimates occurred during the 3 months ended 30 June 2021 as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. 
MANAGEMENT OF NHI 
The Directors of NHI as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows (together with details of their 
principal directorships and other corporate offices held outside of NHI): 
Position within NHI 
Name 
Principal directorships and other 
corporate offices held outside of 
NHI 
Director  
Chairman 
of 
Board 
Directors 
Koji Nagai 
Director and Chairman of Nomura 
Securities Co., Ltd. 
Director 
President and Group CEO 
Kentaro Okuda 
Representative Director and 
President of Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd. 
Director  
Deputy President 
Tomoyuki Teraguchi 
Representative Director and Deputy 
President of Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd. 
Director 
Shoji Ogawa 
Statutory Auditor of Nomura 
Financial Products & Services, Inc. 
Outside Director 
Kazuhiko Ishimura 
Outside Director of TDK 
Corporation 
Outside Director of IHI Corporation 
President of the National Institute 
of Advanced Industrial Science and 
Technology 
Outside Director 
Takahisa Takahara 
Representative Director, President 
& CEO of Unicharm Corporation 
Outside Director of Calbee, Inc. 
Outside Director 
Noriaki Shimazaki 
Director of Nomura Securities Co., 
Ltd.

--- Page 764 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
764 
 
 
Outside Director of Loginet Japan 
Co., Ltd. 
Outside Director 
Mari Sono 
Auditor of Waseda University 
Outside Director 
Laura Simone Unger 
Independent Director of CIT Group 
Inc. 
Independent Director of Navient 
Corporation 
Independent Director of Nomura 
Holding America Inc. 
Independent Director of Nomura 
Securities International, Inc. 
Independent Director of Nomura 
Global Finance Products Inc. 
Outside Director 
Victor Chu 
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of First Eastern Investment 
Group 
Chair of Council, University 
College London 
Co-Chair, International Business 
Council of the World Economic 
Forum 
Independent Director of Airbus SE 
Outside Director 
J. Christopher Giancarlo 
Senior Counsel of Willkie Farr & 
Gallagher LLP 
Independent Director of the 
American Financial Exchange 
Independent Chairman of Common 
Securitization Solutions LLC 
Independent Director of BlockFi 
Inc. 
Principal of Digital Dollar Project 
Outside Director 
Patricia Mosser 
Senior Research Scholar*  
Director of the MPA Program in 
Economic Policy Management* 
Director of Central Banking and 
Financial Policy* 
*Positions at Columbia University, 
School of International and Public 
Affairs 
The business address of each Director is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan. 
Among the above listed Directors, Kazuhiko Ishimura, Takahisa Takahara, Noriaki Shimazaki, Mari Sono, 
Laura Simone Unger, Victor Chu, J. Christopher Giancarlo and Patricia Mosser satisfy the requirements of an 
"outside director" under the Companies Act.

--- Page 765 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
765 
 
 
The following persons are the board committee chairmen, committee members and the Executive Officers of 
NHI as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Board Committee Chairmen and Members 
1. 
Nomination Committee 
Chairman 
Kazuhiko Ishimura 
Takahisa Takahara 
Koji Nagai 
2. 
Audit Committee 
Chairman 
Noriaki Shimazaki 
Mari Sono 
Shoji Ogawa 
3. 
Compensation Committee 
Chairman 
Kazuhiko Ishimura 
Takahisa Takahara 
Koji Nagai 
Executive Officers of NHI 
The Executive Officers of NHI as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Representative Executive Officer, President and Group 
CEO 
Kentaro Okuda 
Representative Executive Officer, Deputy President, Chief 
of Staff and Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) 
Tomoyuki Teraguchi 
Executive Managing Director, Head of China Committee 
and Chief Health Officer 
Toshiyasu Iiyama 
Executive Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and 
Chief Administrative Officer 
Takumi Kitamura 
Executive Managing Director and Chief Risk Officer 
Sotaro Kato 
Executive Managing Director and Chief Strategy Officer 
Toru Otsuka 
The business address of each Executive Officer is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan. 
Information Concerning NHI's Directors 
The Companies Act states that a Company with Three Board Committees (as defined below) must establish 
three committees; a nomination committee, an audit committee and a compensation committee. The members 
of each committee are chosen from the company's directors, and the majority of the members of each 
committee must be outside directors. At a Company with Three Board Committees, the board of directors is 
entitled to establish the basic management policy for the company, has decision-making authority over certain 
prescribed matters, and supervises the execution by the executive officers of their duties. Executive officers 
and representative executive officers appointed by a resolution adopted by the board of directors manage the 
business affairs of the company, based on a delegation of authority by the board of directors. 
Since June 2003, NHI has adopted a corporate governance structure that separates management oversight 
functions from business execution functions (Company with Three Board Committees). Through this 
governance structure, NHI aims to strengthen management oversight, increase the transparency of NHI's 
management and expedite the decision-making process within the Nomura Group. An outline of NHI's Board 
of Directors, Nomination Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee is provided below.

--- Page 766 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
766 
 
 
Board of Directors 
NHI's Board of Directors consists of Directors who are elected at a general meeting of shareholders and NHI's 
Articles of Incorporation provide that the number of Directors shall not exceed twenty. The term of office of 
each Director expires upon the conclusion of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders with respect to the 
last fiscal year ending within one year after their appointment. Directors may serve any number of consecutive 
terms. From among its members, NHI's Board of Directors elects the Chairman. NHI's Board of Directors met 
eleven times during the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021. As a group, NHI's Directors attended 99 per cent. of 
the total number of meetings of NHI's Board of Directors during the year. NHI's Board of Directors has the 
authority to determine NHI's basic management policy and supervise the execution by the Executive Officers 
of their duties. Although NHI's Board of Directors also has the authority to make decisions with regard to 
NHI's business, most of this authority has been delegated to the Executive Officers by a resolution adopted by 
NHI's Board of Directors. There are no Directors' service contracts with NHI or any of its subsidiaries 
providing for benefits upon termination of employment. 
Nomination Committee 
NHI's Nomination Committee, in accordance with NHI's Regulations of the Nomination Committee, 
determines the details of any proposals concerning the election and dismissal of Directors to be submitted to 
general meetings of shareholders by NHI's Board of Directors. NHI's Nomination Committee met eight times 
during the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021. As a group, the member Directors attended all of the meetings of 
the Nomination Committee during the year. As of 21 June 2021, the members of the Nomination Committee 
are Koji Nagai, a Director not concurrently serving as an Executive Officer, and Outside Directors Kazuhiko 
Ishimura and Takahisa Takahara. Kazuhiko Ishimura is the Chairman of this Committee. 
Audit Committee 
NHI's Audit Committee, in accordance with NHI's Regulations of the Audit Committee, (i) audits the execution 
by the Directors and the Executive Officers of their duties and the preparation of audit reports and (ii) 
determines the details of proposals concerning the election, dismissal or non-reappointment of the accounting 
auditor to be submitted to general meetings of shareholders by NHI's Board of Directors. With respect to 
financial reporting, NHI's Audit Committee has the statutory duty to examine financial statements and business 
reports to be prepared by Executive Officers designated by NHI's Board of Directors and is authorised to report 
its opinion to the ordinary general meeting of shareholders.  
NHI's Audit Committee met fifteen times during the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021. As a group, the member 
Directors attended all of the meetings of the Audit Committee during the year. As of 21 June 2021, the 
members of the Audit Committee are Shoji Ogawa (a full-time member of the Audit Committee) and Outside 
Directors, Noriaki Shimazaki and Mari Sono. Noriaki Shimazaki is the Chairman of this Committee. 
Compensation Committee 
NHI's Compensation Committee, in accordance with NHI's Regulations of the Compensation Committee, 
determines NHI's policy with respect to the determination of the details of each Director and Executive 
Officer's compensation. NHI's Compensation Committee also determines the details of each Director and 
Executive Officer's actual compensation. NHI's Compensation Committee met seven times during the fiscal 
year ended 31 March 2021. As a group, the member Directors attended all of the meetings of the Compensation 
Committee during the year. As of 21 June 2021, the members of the Compensation Committee are Koji Nagai, 
a Director not concurrently serving as an Executive Officer, and Outside Directors Kazuhiko Ishimura and 
Takahisa Takahara. Kazuhiko Ishimura is the Chairman of this Committee. 
Limitation of Director Liability 
In accordance with Article 33, Paragraph 2 of NHI's Articles of Incorporation and Article 426, Paragraph 1 of 
the Companies Act, NHI may execute agreements with Directors (excluding a person who serves as an 
executive director, etc.) that limit their liability to NHI for damages suffered by NHI if they acted in good faith 
and without gross negligence. Accordingly, NHI has entered into agreements to limit the Companies Act 
Article 423 Paragraph 1 liability for damages (Limitation of Liability Agreements) with each of the following 
Directors: Shoji Ogawa, Kazuhiko Ishimura, Takahisa Takahara, Noriaki Shimazaki, Mari Sono, Laura 
Simone Unger, Victor Chu, J. Christopher Giancarlo and Patricia Mosser. Liability under each such agreement 
is limited to either ¥20 million or the amount prescribed by laws and regulations, whichever is greater.

--- Page 767 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
767 
 
 
Information Concerning NHI's Executive Officers 
Executive Officers of NHI are appointed by NHI's Board of Directors, and NHI's Articles of Incorporation 
provide that the number of Executive Officers shall not exceed forty-five. The term of office of each Executive 
Officer expires upon the conclusion of the first meeting of the Board of Directors convened after the ordinary 
general meeting of shareholders for the last fiscal year ending within one year after each Executive Officer's 
assumption of office. Executive Officers may serve any number of consecutive terms. NHI's Executive 
Officers have the authority to determine matters delegated to them by resolutions adopted by the Board of 
Directors and to execute business activities. 
Share Ownership 
The following table shows the number of shares owned by NHI's Directors and Executive Officers as of 31 
May 2021. As of that date, none of them owned 1 per cent. or more of NHI's issued and outstanding shares. 
None of the shares referred to below have different voting rights. 
Directors 
 
Name 
Number of 
Shares 
Koji Nagai 
328,228 
Kentaro Okuda 
189,416 
Tomoyuki Teraguchi 
171,128 
Shoji Ogawa 
31,784 
Kazuhiko Ishimura 
- 
Takahisa Takahara 
881 
Noriaki Shimazaki 
21,175 
Mari Sono 
- 
Laura Simone Unger 
(1,000ADR)(1) 
Victor Chu 
- 
J. Christopher Giancarlo 
- 
Patricia Mosser 
- 
Total 
742,612 
(1) ADRs are not included in the total 
Executive Officers 
Name 
Number of 
Shareholdings 
Kentaro Okuda 
See above
Tomoyuki Teraguchi 
See above
Toshiyasu Iiyama 
80,707
Takumi Kitamura 
55,741
Sotaro Kato  
5,714
Toru Otsuka 
20,938
Total  
163,100
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
owed to NHI by the Directors, Executive Officers and the members of the Compensation Committee, the 
Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee and their private interests and/or other duties. 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AND SHARE CAPITAL 
To its knowledge, NHI is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another corporation, by any 
government or by any other natural or legal person severally or jointly. NHI knows of no arrangements the 
operation of which may at a later time result in a change of control of Nomura. Also as of 31 March 2021, 
there were 291 Nomura shareholders of record with addresses in the U.S., and those U.S. holders held

--- Page 768 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
768 
 
 
397,971,009 shares of NHI's common stock, representing 12.3 per cent. of Nomura's then issued common 
stock. As of 31 March 2021, there were 34,687,335 ADSs outstanding, representing 34,687,335 shares of 
NHI's common stock or 1.1 per cent. of Nomura's then issued common stock. NHI's major shareholders above 
do not have different voting rights. 
 
Dividends paid by NHI for the past 5 years: 
2017 
- 
JPY 20.00 per share 
2018 
- 
JPY 20.00 per share 
2019 
- 
JPY 6.00 per share 
2020 
- 
JPY 20.00 per share 
2021 
- 
JPY 35.00 per share

--- Page 769 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
769 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NSC GUARANTOR 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
INTRODUCTION 
NSC, with Corporation Number 0100-01-074037, was incorporated in Japan on 7 May 2001 and is a direct 
wholly-owned subsidiary of NHI.  NSC is a securities and investment banking company and operates its 
securities business mainly in Japan.  NSC does not have any subsidiaries.  The registered head office of NSC 
is located at 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8011, Japan, and the telephone number is +81-
3-3211-1811. NSC's legal entity identifier (LEI) is XPSKD1VTEQPKCHBEKQ95. 
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.'s website is www.nomuraholdings.com/company/group/nsc. Information found 
on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
NSC's business purpose is, according to Article 2 of NSC's Articles of Incorporation, to engage in the following 
businesses: (1) sale and purchase of securities, market transactions of derivatives or foreign market derivatives 
transactions and over-the-counter transactions of derivatives; (2) intermediary, brokerage or agency service 
for sale and purchase of securities and intermediary, brokerage or agency service for entrustment of sale and 
purchase of securities conducted in a financial instruments exchange market (including foreign financial 
instruments market); (3) underwriting and secondary distribution of securities; (4) dealing in public offering 
or secondary distribution of securities; (5) dealing in private placement of securities; (6) investment advisory 
and agency business and investment management business; (7) securities, etc. management business; (8) 
lending and borrowing of securities and any other business incidental to financial instruments business; (9) 
solicitation of life insurance and non-life insurance agency business; (10) money lending business; (11) bank 
agency business; (12) any other business not listed above which a financial instruments business operator is 
permitted to carry on under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law; and (13) any other business 
incidental or related to any of the preceding items. 
The total number of authorised shares for NSC is 400,000 shares of common stock and the number of issued 
shares of common stock was 201,410 as of 31 March 2021. 
HISTORY 
In May 2001, prior to NHI's reorganisation into a holding company structure, NSC was established as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of NHI.  
In October 2001, NHI became a holding company for the Nomura Group and NSC assumed NHI's securities 
businesses. 
In April 2002, Nomura Corporate Advisors Co., Ltd. integrated into NSC. 
In June 2003, NSC adopted a committee-based corporate governance system. 
In October 2008, NSC succeeded employment agreement of Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., etc. strengthening 
its wholesale businesses.  
In November 2009, Joinvest Securities Co., Ltd. integrated into NSC. 
In October 2011, Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd. integrated into NSC. 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR NSC 
Set out below is a financial summary for NSC, which has been derived from the audited non-consolidated 
annual financial statements of NSC as at and for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and an English 
translation of the unaudited non-consolidated financial information of NSC as at and for the three months 
ended 30 June 2021, each of which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. This information 
should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, the financial statements and information 
of NSC and the notes thereon prepared in accordance with Japanese GAAP as at and for the years ended 31

--- Page 770 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
770 
 
 
March 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended 30 June 2021, respectively, and the accounting policies 
adopted in respect thereof: 
Non-consolidated balance sheets of NSC as at 31 March 2020 and 2021 and as at 30 June 2021: 
 
 
31 March 
30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2021 
 
(Millions of Yen) 
Total assets 
13,256,479 
12,121,762 
12,105,573 
Total net assets 
652,902 
642,888 
582,048 
Total liabilities 
12,603,577 
11,478,874 
11,523,525 
 
 
Non-consolidated statements of income of NSC for the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 and the three 
months ended 30 June 2020 and 2021: 
 
 
31 March 
30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
 
(Millions of Yen) 
Commissions 
349,831 
407,788 
85,004 
93,651 
Net gains on trading 
165,217 
165,788 
49,434 
35,894 
Interest and dividend income 
74,655 
74,279 
26,559 
24,688 
Interest expenses 
69,174 
70,227 
24,333 
20,338 
Total 
Selling, 
general 
and 
administrative expenses 
451,939 
455,307 
110,966 
110,201 
Operating income 
68,592 
122,322 
25,698 
23,694 
Income before income taxes 
71,387 
122,239 
25,897 
28,096 
Net income 
51,060 
85,617 
18,186 
31,429 
The issued capital of NSC has been fully paid up. 
The annual financial statements of NSC for the financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 2021 have been 
audited by Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, Tokyo Midtown Hibiya, 1-1-2, Yuraku-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 
100-0006 and contain an opinion from Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC. None of the information in this Base 
Prospectus has been separately audited. 
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of the 
Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
NSC complies with the Japanese corporate governance regime and applicable capital adequacy requirements. 
There are no recent events particular to NSC which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of NSC's 
solvency and no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on NSC's prospects for at least the current financial year.

--- Page 771 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
771 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF NSC 
The Directors of NSC as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows (together with details of their 
principal directorships and other corporate offices held outside of NSC): 
 
Position at NSC 
Name 
Outside directorships and corporate offices 
Director 
Chairman 
of 
Board 
Directors 
Koji Nagai 
Director and Chairman of Board Directors of 
Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
Representative Director 
President 
Kentaro Okuda 
Director, Representative Executive Officer, 
President and Group CEO of Nomura Holdings, 
Inc. 
Representative Director 
Deputy President 
Tomoyuki Teraguchi 
Director, Representative Executive Officer, 
Deputy President, Chief of Staff and Chief 
Compliance 
Officer 
(CCO) 
of 
Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Representative Director 
Deputy President 
Satoshi Arai 
Senior Managing Director of Nomura Holdings, 
Inc. 
Representative Director 
Deputy President 
Yutaka Nakajima 
Senior Managing Director of Nomura Holdings, 
Inc. 
Representative Director 
Deputy President 
Toshiyasu Iiyama 
Executive Managing Director of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Director 
Masahiro Goto 
Senior Managing Director of Nomura Holdings, 
Inc. 
Director 
Takumi Kitamura 
Executive Managing Director of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Director 
Sotaro Kato 
Executive Managing Director of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Director 
Toru Otsuka 
Executive Managing Director of Nomura 
Holdings, Inc. 
Director 
Shinichi Mizuno 
- 
Director 
Noriaki Shimazaki 
Outside Director of Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
Outside Director of Loginet Japan Co., Ltd. 
Outside Director 
Nobuo Inada 
- 
Outside Director 
Kaname 
Masuda 
(Registered 
Lawyer's 
name is Eiji Masuda) 
Representative Partner of Masuda & Partners 
Law Office 
Director 
Takehisa Yanai 
Outside Director of The Nomura Trust and 
Banking Co., Ltd. 
Director 
Atsuko Yamakawa 
Outside Director of The Nomura Trust and 
Banking Co., Ltd. 
Director 
Naoyuki Oguri 
- 
The business address of each Director is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan. 
Among the above listed Directors, Nobuo Inada and Kaname Masuda are outside directors.

--- Page 772 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
772 
 
 
The following persons are the committee chairmen and committee members of NSC as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Committee Chairmen and Members 
Audit and Supervisory Committee 
Chairman 
Noriaki Shimazaki 
Nobuo Inada 
Kaname Masuda 
Pursuant to the Companies Act of Japan and NSC's Articles of Incorporation, NSC's Audit and Supervisory 
committee is authorised to (i) audit the execution by the Directors of their duties and formulation of audit 
reports and (ii) determine the particulars of proposals concerning the election and dismissal of the independent 
auditors and the non-retention of such independent auditors to be submitted to a meeting of shareholders by 
NSC's Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties, 
owed to NSC by the members of the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Committee, and their 
private interests and/or other duties. 
MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND PRINCIPAL FUTURE INVESTMENTS 
NSC has made no material investments since the date of its last published financial statements as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. There are no principal future investments on which NSC's management bodies have 
already made firm commitments.

--- Page 773 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
773 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The following comments are of a general nature, are based on the Issuer's understanding of current law 
and practice and are included in this document solely for information purposes. These comments are 
not intended to be, nor should they be regarded as, legal or tax advice. The precise tax treatment of a 
holder of a Security will depend for each issue on the terms of the Securities as specified in the Terms 
and Conditions, as completed and, in the case of Exempt Securities, amended by the applicable Final 
Terms under the law and practice at the relevant time. Tax legislation, including in the country where 
the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact 
on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. Prospective holders of Securities should consult 
their own tax advisers in all relevant jurisdictions to obtain advice about their particular tax treatment 
in relation to such Securities. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
U.S. holder (as defined below) who purchases a Security, but is not purported to be a complete analysis of all 
potential tax effects.  This summary is based upon the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code), existing 
and proposed regulations promulgated thereunder, and published rulings and court decisions, all as in effect 
and existing on the date of this Base Prospectus and all of which are subject to change at any time with 
retrospective or prospective effect.  The rules governing the U.S. federal income taxation of option transactions 
and other derivative financial instruments are complex and depend on a taxpayer's particular circumstances.  
Accordingly, this summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations 
that may be relevant to any particular investor in a Security.  In particular, this summary deals only with holders 
of Securities who purchase in the initial offering at the applicable issue price and in whose hands the Securities, 
or the stock, debt, commodity or other property underlying the Securities would be capital assets for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes.  In addition, this discussion assumes that the Securities that are treated as options 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, when issued, are not significantly "in-the-money". 
This summary also does not discuss the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a U.S. holder who is a member 
of a class of holders subject to special rules, such as a dealer in securities, commodities or derivative financial 
instruments, a trader in securities, commodities or derivative financial instruments that elects to use a mark-
to-market method of accounting for securities or commodities holdings, a bank, a life insurance company, a 
tax-exempt organisation, entities that are treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as partnerships or other 
pass-through entities, an investor who purchases a Security with respect to stock in a company that is treated 
as a passive foreign investment company (PFIC) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an investor who 
purchases a Security and holds any other position (whether long or short, direct or indirect) in any asset 
underlying such Security, an investor who purchases a Security that is part of a hedging transaction or that has 
been hedged against currency risk, an investor who purchases a Security that is part of a straddle or conversion 
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an investor who purchases or sells Securities as part of a 
wash sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and a U.S. holder whose functional currency for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar. 
As a consequence of the foregoing, it should be particularly noted that this summary does not address the 
special tax considerations that apply to an investment in a combination of Securities with respect to the same 
underlying assets.  Further, this summary does not address U.S. federal estate, gift or alternative minimum tax 
consequences, non-U.S. state or local tax consequences, special tax accounting rules that may apply as a result 
of any item of gross income with respect to the Notes being taken into account on an applicable financial 
statement or the indirect effects on the holders of equity interests in a holder of a Security. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances might substantially alter the tax consequences described below, and, in 
some instances, may require specific identification of positions in the relevant Security before the close of the 
day on which they are acquired.  For example, if the straddle rules were to apply, a U.S. holder of a Security 
might be required to (i) recognise all or a portion of any gain on such Security that would otherwise be long-
term or short-term capital gain, as ordinary income or, if applicable, short-term capital gain, (ii) defer all, or a 
portion, of any loss realised upon the sale, exchange, exercise, cancellation or lapse of such Security and (iii) 
capitalise any interest or carrying charges incurred by such U.S. holder with respect to such Security.

--- Page 774 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
774 
 
 
This summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Security 
which may be issued under the Programme.  Additional U.S. federal income tax consequences, if any, 
applicable to a particular Security may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
The rules governing the taxation of option transactions and derivative financial instruments are complex 
and depend on a taxpayer's particular circumstances.  U.S. holders are strongly urged to consult their 
tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal, state, local, foreign and other national tax consequences of the 
ownership and disposition of Securities in their particular circumstances.  U.S. holders should also 
consult their tax advisers as to the possibility of changes of law affecting taxation of derivative financial 
instruments with contingent payments, including prepaid forward contracts.  Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of the Securities in light of such investor's own circumstances, 
including such investor's status as a U.S. holder (as defined below), as well as any other estate, gift, or 
other tax consequences that may arise under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other taxing 
jurisdiction. 
For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder means a beneficial owner of a Security that is: 
(i) 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States, as defined in Section 7701(b) of the Code, 
(ii) 
a corporation, including any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of 
Columbia; 
(iii) 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source; 
(iv) 
a trust if (x) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust, and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust, or (y) such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person; or 
(v) 
otherwise subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a net income basis in respect of the Security. 
A non-U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of Securities that is not a U.S. holder. 
If a partnership holds a Security, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership.  Partners in partnerships holding a Security should consult their 
tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning, exchanging and 
disposing of the Securities. 
The Issuer generally intends to treat N&C Securities issued under the Programme as debt, but other tax 
treatment may be indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  Certain N&C Securities such as Index Linked N&C 
Securities, may be treated as equity or a derivative financial instrument for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
The tax treatment of N&C Securities to which a treatment other than debt may apply may be discussed in the 
applicable Final Terms.  The Final Terms for an issue of N&C Securities may specify with respect to the issue 
of N&C Securities to which it relates (and where relevant) the potential U.S. federal income tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the N&C Securities. 
Holders may be subject to a variety of U.S. tax consequences depending on the subject and the terms of the 
N&C Securities.  Holders should consult their own advisers about the tax consequences of purchasing N&C 
Securities, particularly whether the N&C Securities being acquired could be treated for U.S. tax purposes as 
debt instruments or as another type of financial instrument. 
Classification of the Securities 
Depending on the terms of a Security, such Security could be treated as one or more of the following: (i) a 
prepaid forward contract (which, depending on the terms, may be subject to embedded options), (ii) a 
combination of a loan and a prepaid forward contract, (iii) an outright or constructive ownership interest in the 
property underlying such Security, (iv) an option or warrant, or (v) a debt instrument with or without contingent

--- Page 775 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
775 
 
 
payments.  Additional U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to a particular issuance of Securities 
may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
No ruling is being requested from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) with respect to the Securities, and 
the treatment of the Securities described below is not binding on the IRS or the courts.  As a result, significant 
aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are uncertain. 
Debt 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Securities treated as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes.  
Payment of Interest 
Interest on a Security, including the payment of any additional amounts, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a 
currency, composite currency or basket of currencies other than U.S. dollars ("foreign currency" interest on a 
Foreign Currency Security), other than interest on a Discount Security that is not "qualified stated interest" 
(each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount —General"), will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary 
income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on the U.S. holder's method of accounting for tax 
purposes.  Interest paid by the Issuer on the Securities and original issue discount (OID), if any, accrued with 
respect to the Securities (as described below under "Original Issue Discount") generally will constitute income 
from sources outside the United States subject to the rules regarding the foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. 
holder.  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications 
of any payment of foreign taxes. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Securities issued with OID.  The following summary does not discuss Securities that are characterised as 
contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes.   
A Security, other than a Security with a term of one year or less, will generally be treated as issued with OID 
(a Discount Security) if the excess of the Security's "stated redemption price at maturity" over its issue price 
is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity).  An obligation that provides for the payment of 
amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment obligation") will be treated as a 
Discount Security if the excess of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal 
to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted 
average maturity of the Security. A Security's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts 
determined for each payment on a Security (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number 
of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Security will be the first price at which a substantial amount of 
Securities included in the issue of which the Security is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, 
brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or 
wholesalers.  The stated redemption price at maturity of a Security is the total of all payments provided by the 
Security that are not payments of "qualified stated interest."  A qualified stated interest payment is generally 
any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Security that are unconditionally payable at least annually 
at a single fixed rate, or a variable rate (as described below under "Variable Interest Rate Securities"), applied 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Security.  Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Security 
has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the 
Security, and the U.S. holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the 
yield on the Security.  If a Security has de minimis OID, a U.S. holder must include the de minimis amount in 
income as stated principal payments are made on the Security, unless the U.S. holder makes an election to treat 
all interest as OID. 
U.S. holders of Discount Securities must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Securities.  The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S.

--- Page 776 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
776 
 
 
holder of Discount Securities is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Securities 
for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. holder holds the Discount 
Securities. The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any "accrual period" a pro rata portion 
of the OID allocable to that accrual period.  Accrual periods with respect to a Security may be of any length 
selected by the U.S. holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount Security as long as (i) no 
accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Security 
occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period.  The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period 
(and pro rata to every day in the accrual period) equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Security's 
adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Security's yield to maturity 
(determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the 
length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Security 
allocable to the accrual period.  The "adjusted issue price" of a Discount Security at the beginning of any 
accrual period is the issue price of the Security increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior 
accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Security that were 
not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. holder that purchases a Discount Security for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Security after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess 
of its adjusted issue price and that does not make an election to treat all interest as OID, is permitted to reduce 
the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. holder's adjusted basis 
in the Discount Security immediately after its purchase over the Discount Security's adjusted issue price, and 
the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Security after the purchase 
date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Discount Security's adjusted issue price. 
Market Discount 
A Security, other than a Security with a term of one year or less, generally will be treated as purchased at a 
market discount (a Market Discount Security) if the Security's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the 
case of a Discount Security, the Security's "revised issue price", exceeds the amount for which the U.S. holder 
purchased the Security by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity or revised 
issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Security's maturity.  If this excess 
is not sufficient to cause the Security to be treated as purchased at a market discount, then the excess constitutes 
"de minimis market discount".  For this purpose, the "revised issue price" of a Security generally equals its 
issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Security and decreased by the amount 
of any payments previously made on the Security that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Security (including any payment on 
a Security that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does 
not exceed the accrued market discount on the Security. Alternatively, a U.S. holder of a Market Discount 
Security may elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Security. This election 
shall apply to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. holder on or after the 
first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the 
consent of the IRS. A U.S. holder of a Market Discount Security that does not elect to include market discount 
in income currently will generally be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to 
purchase or carry a Market Discount Security that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Security includible 
in the U.S. holder's income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the 
market discount allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Security was held by the U.S. holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. holder elects to accrue the market discount 
on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Security with respect to which it is made and is 
irrevocable. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Security using the 
constant-yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount — General" with certain modifications. 
For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de 
minimis market discount, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under "Securities

--- Page 777 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
777 
 
 
Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition premium. If a U.S. holder makes this election for the Security, then, 
when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Security will equal its cost, the issue date of 
the Security will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Security will be treated as payments of 
qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Security with respect to which it is made 
and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. However, if the Security has amortisable bond 
premium, the U.S. holder will be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against 
interest for all debt instruments with amortizable bond premium, other than debt instruments the interest on 
which is excludible from gross income, held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election 
applies or any taxable year thereafter. If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a 
Security is made with respect to a Market Discount Security, the electing U.S. holder will be treated as having 
made the election discussed above under "Market Discount" to include market discount in income currently 
over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the U.S. holder. 
Variable Interest Rate Securities 
Securities that provide for interest at variable rates (Variable Interest Rate Securities) generally will bear 
interest at a "qualified floating rate" and thus will be treated as "variable rate debt instruments" under U.S. 
Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID.  A Variable Interest Rate Security will qualify as a "variable 
rate debt instrument" if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due 
under the Variable Interest Rate Security by more than a specified de minimis amount and (b) it provides for 
stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at current values of (i) one or more qualified floating 
rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single 
fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate. 
A "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the Variable Interest Rate Security is denominated.  A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute 
a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, whether or not a 
variable rate is increased or decreased by a fixed rate.  A variable rate that would otherwise constitute a 
qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation 
(i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated 
as a qualified floating rate unless the cap or floor is fixed throughout the term of the Security. 
An "objective rate" is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a single 
fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or more qualified 
floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property).  Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest 
on a Variable Interest Rate Security will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the 
average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Security's term will be either 
significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the 
Variable Interest Rate Security's term.  A rate also will not qualify as an objective rate if it is based on 
information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to the circumstances of 
the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer's stock (although a rate does 
not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). 
A qualified inverse floating rate is any objective rate which is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating 
rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous 
variations in the qualified floating rate. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year 
or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent 
period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date is intended to approximate the 
fixed rate (e.g. the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate 
by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single 
qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be set at 
a "current value" of that rate – the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than 3 months prior to the first 
day on which that value is in effect and no later than 1 year following that first day.

--- Page 778 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
778 
 
 
A Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will 
generally not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Security is issued at 
a "true discount" (i.e., at a price below the Security's stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de 
minimis amount.  OID on a Variable Interest Rate Security arising from true discount is allocated to an accrual 
period using the constant yield method described above. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Security that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will be 
converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual of 
OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Security.  Such a Variable Interest Rate Security 
must be converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security with a fixed 
rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of 
the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date.  Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) 
provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into a fixed rate that reflects 
the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security.  In the case of a Variable Interest 
Rate Security that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate 
in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is 
initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate 
Security provides for a qualified inverse floating rate).  Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate 
or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the 
Variable Interest Rate Security as of the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date is approximately the same 
as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate.  Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into 
either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Security is 
converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an equivalent fixed rate debt instrument pursuant to 
the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the equivalent 
fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument and 
a U.S. holder of the Variable Interest Rate Security will account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if 
the U.S. holder held the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument.  In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments 
will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with 
respect to the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual 
amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Security during the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security, such as a Security the payments on which are determined by reference to 
an index, does not qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument", then the Variable Interest Rate Security will be 
treated as a contingent payment debt instrument as described below under "Other Treatments - Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments". 
Short-Term Securities 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. holder of a Security with a term of one year or less is not 
required to accrue OID (calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as 
the interest is received).  Accrual basis U.S. holders and certain other U.S. holders are required to accrue OID 
on Securities with a term of one year or less on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. holder so elects, under the 
constant-yield method (based on daily compounding).  In the case of a U.S. holder not required and not electing 
to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Security with a term of 
one year or less will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an 
election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement.  
U.S. holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Securities with a term of one year or less 
will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Securities with a term of one year 
or less in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Security with 
a term of one year or less are included in such Security's stated redemption price at maturity.  A U.S. holder 
may elect to determine OID on a Security with a term of one year or less as if such Security had been originally

--- Page 779 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
779 
 
 
issued to the U.S. holder at the U.S. holder's purchase price for the Security.  This election shall apply to all 
obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. holder on or after the first day of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. holder that purchases a Security for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Security, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as "amortisable bond premium", 
in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. holder's income each year with respect to interest 
on the Security will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Security's 
yield to maturity) to that year.  Any election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other than 
bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the 
U.S. holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  A U.S. holder that does not elect to take bond 
premium (other than acquisition premium as described above under "Acquisition Premium") into account 
currently will recognise a capital loss when the Security matures. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Securities 
A U.S. holder's tax basis in a Security will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID and 
market discount included in the U.S. holder's income with respect to the Security and the amount, if any, of 
income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. holder's income 
with respect to the Security, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest 
payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Security. 
A U.S. holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Security equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. holder's tax basis in the Security.  Except 
to the extent described above under "Original Issue Discount—Market Discount" or "Original Issue 
Discount—Short-Term Securities" or attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or changes in exchange rates 
(as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Security will be capital gain or loss 
and generally will be treated as from U.S. sources for purposes of the U.S. foreign tax credit limitation and 
may be taxable at reduced rates in the case of a U.S. holder that is an individual, estate or trust, if the Securities 
are held for more than one year.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Foreign Currency Securities 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on 
the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest 
payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two 
methods.  Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate 
in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of 
a U.S. holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis 
of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that 
spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable 
year).  Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of 
the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. 
dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt.  Any such election will apply to all debt 
instruments held by the U.S. holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or 
thereafter acquired by the U.S. holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of a Security) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. 
holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the

--- Page 780 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
780 
 
 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same 
manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. holder, as described above under "Foreign Currency 
Securities—Interest".  Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment 
on the Security or a sale of the Security), a U.S. holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. 
dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Security that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond premium 
that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or 
loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the spot rate in effect on that 
date, and on the date the Securities were acquired by the U.S. holder. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Securities 
As discussed above under "Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Securities", a U.S. holder will generally recognise 
gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Security equal to the difference between the amounts realised on the 
sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Security.  A U.S. holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Security 
will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Security.  The U.S. dollar cost of a Security 
purchased with foreign currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of 
purchase or, in the case of Securities traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable 
U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. holder (or an accrual basis U.S. holder that 
so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of 
this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Securities traded on an established securities 
market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. holder (or an accrual 
basis U.S. holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale.  Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. 
holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on 
the sale or retirement of a Security equal to the difference, if any between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. 
holder's purchase price for the Security (or, if less, the principal amount of the Security) (i) on the date of sale 
or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. holder acquired the Security.  Any such exchange rate gain or 
loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Security or on the sale or retirement of a Security will generally 
have a tax basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or 
retirement.  Foreign currency that is purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of 
the foreign currency on the date of purchase.  Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a 
foreign currency (including its use to purchase Securities or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. 
source ordinary income or loss. 
Tax Return Disclosure Regulations 
Pursuant to U.S. Treasury regulations (the Disclosure Regulations), any taxpayer that has participated in a 
"reportable transaction" and that is required to file a U.S. federal income tax return must generally attach a 
disclosure statement disclosing such taxpayer's participation in the reportable transaction to the taxpayer's tax 
return for each taxable year for which the taxpayer participates in the reportable transaction.  A penalty in the

--- Page 781 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
781 
 
 
amount of US$10,000 in the case of a natural person and US$50,000 in any other case may be imposed on any 
taxpayer that fails to file a reportable transaction disclosure statement.  The Disclosure Regulations provide 
that, in addition to certain other transactions, a "loss transaction" constitutes a "reportable transaction."  A "loss 
transaction" is any transaction resulting in the taxpayer claiming a loss under Section 165 of the Code in an 
amount equal to or in excess of certain threshold amounts.  The Disclosure Regulations specifically provide 
that a loss resulting from a "Section 988 transaction" (as defined in Section 988(c)(1) of the Code relating to 
foreign currency transactions) will constitute a Section 165 loss.  In the case of individuals or trusts, whether 
or not the loss flows through from an S corporation or partnership, if the loss arises with respect to a Section 
988 transaction, the applicable threshold amount is US$50,000 in any single taxable year.  Higher threshold 
amounts apply depending upon the taxpayer's status as a corporation, partnership, or S corporation, as well as 
certain other factors.  It is important to note, however, that the Disclosure Regulations provide that the fact 
that a transaction is a reportable transaction shall not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer's 
treatment of the transaction is proper.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers concerning the potential 
application of the Disclosure Regulations to the Securities. 
Options or Warrants 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Securities treated as options or warrants for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Premium 
Premium paid by a U.S. holder for a Security will generally be treated as a non-deductible capital expenditure.  
As described in the following two sections, the amount of such premium will be taken into account upon the 
sale, transfer, cash settlement, or lapse of the Security. 
Sale, Transfer, Cash Settlement, or Lapse of Securities 
A U.S. holder who has purchased a Security will generally recognise capital gain or loss upon the sale, transfer, 
cash settlement or lapse of the Security in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the amount realised 
by the investor from such sale, transfer, settlement, or lapse and (ii) the amount of the premium that the investor 
paid for the Security.  Such capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Security was held 
for more than one year.  Certain exceptions to such treatment are noted below and, if appropriate, may be 
addressed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mark-to-Market Rules 
Under Section 1256 of the Code, special mark-to-market and character rules apply in the case of certain "non-
equity" options and foreign currency contracts.  Unless the Securities (other than Securities denominated in a 
currency other than the U.S. dollar) are listed on a "qualified board or exchange" for purposes of Section 1256 
of the Code, however, these mark-to-market rules will not be applicable to U.S. holders of the Securities.  
Where relevant, the application of the Section 1256 of the Code rules to Securities denominated in a currency 
other than the U.S. dollar may be discussed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other Treatments 
Tax Treatment of Prepaid Forward Contracts (With or Without a Loan) 
If any Securities are treated as prepaid forward contracts (with or without a loan) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, the following description should apply to such Securities. 
Interest Payments 
Payments of interest (if any) will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary interest income at the time such 
payments are accrued or are received (in accordance with the U.S. holder's regular method of tax accounting). 
Cash Settlement, Sale, or Other Disposition of the Securities 
If the Securities are treated in whole or in part as prepaid forward contracts, upon the receipt of cash upon 
settlement of a Security or upon the sale or other disposition of such Security, a U.S. holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised (generally, the amount of 
cash received) and such U.S. holder's tax basis in the Security.  In general, a U.S. holder's tax basis in a Security 
will equal the amount that such U.S. holder paid to acquire the Security.  Subject to the discussion below under

--- Page 782 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
782 
 
 
"Constructive Ownership," any such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Security 
was held for more than one year at the time of settlement or at the time of sale or other disposition. 
Constructive Ownership 
Some or all of the net long-term capital gain arising from certain "constructive ownership" transactions may 
be characterised as ordinary income, in which case an interest charge would be imposed on any such ordinary 
income.  These rules have no immediate application to forward contracts in respect of most property underlying 
the Securities, because they are only applicable to the extent that the underlying property directly or indirectly 
includes shares of issuers treated as "pass-through" entities. For this purpose "pass-through entities" include 
regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, S corporations, partnership, trusts, common trust 
funds, PFICs, and real estate mortgage investment conduits. These rules, however, grant discretionary 
authority to the U.S. Treasury Department (the Treasury) to expand the scope of "constructive ownership" 
transactions to include forward contracts in respect of the stock of all corporations, in addition to forward 
contracts in respect of any debt instrument.  The rules also separately direct the Treasury to promulgate 
regulations excluding a forward contract that does not convey "substantially all" of the economic return on any 
underlying asset from the scope of "constructive ownership" transactions. It is not possible to predict whether 
such regulations will be promulgated by the Treasury, or the form or effective date that any regulations that 
may be promulgated might take. 
Interest in the Underlying Property 
Depending on the terms of particular Securities, a U.S. holder could be treated as owning the property 
underlying those Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In that event, for example, in the case of 
Index Linked Securities, the U.S. holder would be required to recognise appropriate amounts of capital gain 
on the disposition of any shares included in the underlying Index each time that the Index is rebalanced.  In 
such a case, such U.S. holder also would be subject to tax on dividends on shares included in the Index in an 
amount equal to the gross dividends paid by the companies whose shares are included in the Index.  In addition, 
any current expenses (including any withholding taxes) in respect of shares included in the Index would be 
treated as if made directly by the U.S. holder, and the deductibility of such expenses (or creditability of such 
withholding taxes) could be subject to certain limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If any Securities are treated as contingent payment debt instruments, the tax consequences to a U.S. holder 
would be determined under U.S. Treasury regulations governing contingent payment debt instruments (the 
Contingent Payment Regulations).  The Contingent Payment Regulations are complex, but very generally 
apply the OID rules of the Code to a contingent payment debt instrument by requiring that OID be accrued by 
the U.S. holder every year at a "comparable yield" for the issuer of the instrument, determined at the time of 
issuance of the obligation.  In addition, the Contingent Payment Regulations require that a projected payment 
schedule, which results in such a "comparable yield" be determined by the issuer. Further, a U.S. holder will 
be required to make adjustments to income accruals to account for differences between the actual payments 
received by the U.S. holder and the projected amounts of such payments.  To the extent that the actual payments 
received by a U.S. holder exceed the projected payments on a contingent debt instrument in any taxable year, 
the owner of that instrument will recognise ordinary interest income for that taxable year equal to the amount 
of such excess.  In addition, any gain realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of a contingent payment 
debt instrument will be treated as ordinary income.  Any loss realised on such sale, exchange or redemption 
will be treated as an ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. holder's OID inclusions with respect to the 
obligation exceed prior reversals of such inclusions required by the adjustment mechanism described above.  
Any loss realised in excess of such amount generally will be treated as a capital loss. 
Loan and One or More Options 
If any Securities are treated as a combination of a loan (or deposit) and one or more options, in general, 
payments of interest (if any) will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary interest income at the time that such 
payments are accrued or are received (in accordance with the U.S. holder's regular method of tax accounting), 
while payments in respect of the options would be taxable in a manner similar to the taxation of corresponding 
payments under Securities treated as options, as described above under "Options or Warrants."

--- Page 783 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
783 
 
 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
If a Security is treated as a unit consisting of a loan and a forward contract, a U.S. holder could be required to 
accrue a significant amount of OID on a current basis during the period in which it holds the Security.  
Alternatively, it is possible that the Securities could be characterised for U.S. federal income tax purposes as 
debt instruments that are subject to the Contingent Payment Regulations (as more fully described above under 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instruments"), in which case, among other matters, a U.S. holder would be required 
to accrue income, as OID, at a "comparable yield" for the Issuer, on the purchase price.  Furthermore, any gain 
realised with respect to the Securities would generally be treated as ordinary income. 
It is also possible that future regulations or other IRS guidance would require a U.S. holder to accrue income 
on the Securities on a current basis.  The IRS and the Treasury have issued proposed regulations that require 
the current accrual of income with respect to contingent non-periodic payments made under certain notional 
principal contracts.  The preamble to the regulations states that the "wait and see" method of tax accounting 
does not properly reflect the economic accrual of income on such contracts, and requires a current accrual of 
income with respect to some contracts already in existence at the time the proposed regulations were released.  
While the proposed regulations do not apply to prepaid forward contracts, the preamble to the proposed 
regulations expresses the view that similar timing issues exist in the case of prepaid forward contracts.  If the 
IRS published future guidance requiring current accrual of income with respect to contingent payments on 
prepaid forward contracts, it is possible that a U.S. holder could be required to accrue income over the term of 
the Securities. 
Securities Denominated in a Specified Currency Other Than the U.S. Dollar 
In general, except to the extent that the mark-to-market and character rules under Section 1256 apply (see 
"Options or Warrants — Mark-to-Market Rules" above), any gain or loss realised in respect of a Security 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than the U.S. dollar will be ordinary income or loss.  Any such 
gain or loss generally must be recognised upon a sale, exchange, termination, rollover, settlement or exercise 
of such Security, as well as upon an offset of one contract against another in certain circumstances.  In general, 
if a Security denominated in a Specified Currency other than the U.S. dollar is subject to Section 1256, a U.S. 
holder will be required to include mark-to-market gain or loss in respect of such Security at the end of each 
year (or upon transfer, termination, exercise, lapse or other disposition), with 40 per cent. of such gain or loss 
being short-term capital gain or loss and 60 per cent. of such gain or loss being long-term capital gain or loss. 
If appropriate, additional U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to Securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency other than the U.S. dollar may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Foreign Currency Rules 
Payments of premium, exercise price, sale proceeds, and cash settlement amounts in respect of Securities that 
are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar will be subject to special U.S. tax rules regarding 
foreign currency transactions.  U.S. holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the application of 
these rules in their particular circumstances. 
Notice 2008-2 
On 7 December 2007, the IRS released a notice that may affect the taxation of holders of the Securities. 
According to the notice, the IRS and the Treasury are actively considering whether the U.S. holder of an 
instrument such as the Securities should be required to accrue ordinary income on a current basis, and they are 
seeking taxpayer comments on the subject.  It is not possible to determine what guidance they will ultimately 
issue, if any.  It is possible, however, that under such guidance, U.S. holders of the Securities will ultimately 
be required to accrue income currently and this could be applied on a retroactive basis.  The IRS and the 
Treasury are also considering other relevant issues, including whether additional gain or loss from such 
Securities should be treated as ordinary or capital, whether non-U.S. holders of such Securities should be 
subject to withholding tax on any deemed income accruals, and whether the special "constructive ownership 
rules" of Section 1260 of the Code might be applied to such Securities.  U.S. holders are urged to consult their 
tax advisers concerning the significance, and the potential impact, of the above considerations.  The Issuer 
intends to continue treating the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes in accordance with the 
treatment described in this Base Prospectus unless and until such time as the Treasury and the IRS determine 
that some alternative treatment is more appropriate.

--- Page 784 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
784 
 
 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
Subject to the discussion below under "Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", "Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act" and "Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act", non-U.S. holders generally should 
not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any payments on the Securities and gain from the 
sale, redemption or other disposition of the Securities unless: (i) that payment and/or gain is effectively 
connected with the conduct by that non-U.S. holder of a trade or business in the U.S.; (ii) in the case of any 
gain realised on the sale or exchange of a Security by an individual non-U.S. holder, that holder is present in 
the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, exchange or retirement and certain other conditions 
are met; or (iii) the non-U.S. holder is subject to tax pursuant to provisions of the Code applicable to certain 
expatriates. 
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income and other tax 
consequences of owning Securities. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
The relevant Agent may be required to file information returns with the IRS with respect to payments made to 
certain U.S. holders of Securities.  In addition, certain U.S. holders may be subject to backup withholding tax 
in respect of such payments if they do not provide their taxpayer identification numbers to the relevant Agent 
or otherwise comply with the applicable backup withholding requirements. 
U.S. holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of information reporting and backup 
withholding in their particular situations, the availability of an exemption therefrom and the procedure for 
obtaining the exemption, if available.  Backup withholding is not an additional tax.  Any amounts withheld 
from a payment to a holder under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against the holder's 
United States federal income tax liability and may entitle the holder to a refund of any excess amounts withheld 
under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and 
furnishing all required information.  Non-U.S. holders may be required to comply with applicable certification 
procedures to establish that they are not U.S. holders in order to avoid the application of such information 
reporting requirements and backup withholding. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. holders that own "specified foreign financial assets" that meet certain U.S. dollar value thresholds 
generally are required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The 
Securities generally will constitute specified foreign financial assets subject to these reporting requirements 
unless the Securities are held in an account at certain financial institutions.  U.S. holders are urged to consult 
their tax advisers regarding the application of these disclosure requirements to their ownership of the 
Securities. 
Medicare Tax  
A U.S. holder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is 
exempt from such tax, will be subject to a 3.8 per cent. tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. holder's "net investment 
income" for the relevant taxable year and (2) the excess of the U.S. holder's modified adjusted gross income 
for the taxable year over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals will be between US$ 125,000 
and US$ 250,000, depending on the individual's circumstances). A holder's net investment income will 
generally include its income from, including but not limited to, interest and dividends and its gains from the 
disposition of Securities, unless such income or net gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of 
a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive or trading activities). 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, withholding may be required on, 
among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial institutions" (foreign passthru payments) 
and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in 
each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer, the 
NHI Guarantor, the NSC Guarantor and the NIHK Guarantor are classified as foreign financial institutions for 
these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Hong Kong, Japan and the United Kingdom) have

--- Page 785 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
785 
 
 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Securities characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
before the relevant grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Securities that give rise solely to foreign 
passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining 
the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Securities that give rise to a 
dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to 
dividend equivalents. If additional securities that are not distinguishable from such previously issued 
grandfathered Securities are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Securities, including the Securities offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities.  In 
the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act introduced Section 871(m) of the Code which treats a 
"dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Under Section 871(m), 
such payments generally would be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an 
applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial 
owner timely claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute 
dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or 
indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within 
the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or 
indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within 
the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment 
described in (i) or (ii). The final U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable 
guidance (the Section 871(m) Regulations) require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Securities 
with respect to amounts treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities.  Under the Section 
871(m) Regulations, only a Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the 
underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations will be subject to the 
Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Security a Specified Security). The Section 871(m) 
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to 
certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on a 
Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the 
Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term 
of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Security does not 
provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends.  Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. 
tax on any payment on the Securities in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such 
Securities regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under

--- Page 786 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
786 
 
 
an applicable tax treaty with the United States).  A holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess 
withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.  Refund claims are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or 
paid at all.  If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer 
nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Securities issued on or after 1 January 2017. If 
the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the 
Security generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of 
determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Security is a Specified Security.  
Similarly, if additional Securities of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such 
as certain sales of Securities out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date 
for determining whether the existing Securities are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or 
issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope Security might be treated as a Specified Security following 
such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, with respect to Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Securities that reference 
such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  In calculating the relevant payment amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend 
equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities.  The 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that 
Securities are Specified Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Securities.  If Securities are Specified Securities, a non-U.S. 
holder of the Securities should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. 
securities underlying those Securities.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the 
Securities, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to 
be made with respect to Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities 
may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) 
to the Securities. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. The following applies 
only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Securities.  This summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Securities. It does not deal with the Irish taxation implications of acquiring, holding, 
exercising or disposing or the settlement or redemption of the Securities. The summary is based upon the laws 
of Ireland in effect and the published practices of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, in each case at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The Irish tax treatment of prospective investors depends on their individual 
circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult 
their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and 
disposition of the Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
Withholding Tax 
The Issuer is not incorporated in Ireland. Therefore, on the basis that the Issuer is not managed and controlled 
in Ireland, the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. The Issuer will not be deemed to 
be resident or otherwise taxable in Ireland by virtue only of the fact that the Securities are offered to the public 
in Ireland. 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments, including payments of:

--- Page 787 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
787 
 
 
(i) 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in 
excess of one year); 
(ii) 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are pure income-profit in 
the hands of the recipient); and 
(iii) 
distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. 
Where applicable, Irish withholding tax applies to Irish source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments 
at the standard rate of Irish income tax (currently 20 per cent.). Where applicable, Irish dividend withholding 
tax applies to distributions at a rate of 25 per cent. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not incorporated in Ireland, is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax 
does not operate in Ireland through a branch or agency, nor are the Securities held in Ireland through a 
depositary, or otherwise located in Ireland, or secured on Irish property, then to the extent that payments of 
interest or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded as payments having 
an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation, and so should not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Accordingly, the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any amounts on account of these Irish withholding 
taxes from payments made in connection with the Securities. 
Separately, as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Securities should not 
be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the 
purchase of the Securities. 
On the basis that the Securities are issued on arm's length terms, then payments on the Securities should not 
be regarded as annual payments for Irish tax purposes. 
Encashment Tax 
Interest or distributions on any Securities issued by the Issuer and paid: 
(i) 
by a paying agent in Ireland; or 
(ii) 
to an agent in Ireland on behalf of a person who holds the Securities, 
will generally be subject to Irish withholding tax at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. This is unless it is proved, 
on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner 
of the Securities entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes, and such 
interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another 
person that is resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes. In addition, an exemption applies where the payment 
is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the 
charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.  Please be aware that 
the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a similar 
nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities.

--- Page 788 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
788 
 
 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg 
resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest or similar 
income under the Securities coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 
20 per cent. 
SINGAPORE TAXATION 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in Singapore 
and administrative guidelines issued by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) or the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (MAS) in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes 
in such laws or administrative guidelines, or the interpretation of those laws or guidelines, occurring after such 
date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis.  
Neither these statements nor any other statements in this Base Prospectus should be regarded as advice on the 
tax position of any holder of the Securities or of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the 
Securities or on any tax implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the 
Securities.  
The statements do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of Securities and do not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (including without limitation a person 
holding the Financial Sector Incentive tax status) may be subject to special rules. 
Furthermore, there may be additional tax issues arising from complex structured products such as the 
Securities which have not been addressed in this section. 
Prospective holders of the Securities who are in doubt about their respective tax positions or any such tax 
implications of the purchase, ownership or transfer of any Securities or who may be subject to tax in a 
jurisdiction other than Singapore should consult their own professional tax advisers. 
Interest and Other Payments 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore 
(ITA), the following payments are deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness or 
with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or service relating to any loan or indebtedness which 
is: 
(i) 
borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a permanent establishment 
in Singapore (except in respect of any business carried on outside Singapore through a 
permanent establishment outside Singapore or any immovable property situated outside 
Singapore) or  
(ii) 
deductible against any income accruing in or derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used in 
Singapore. 
Payments (other than repayments of principal) by the Issuer in respect of N&C Securities are likely to fall 
within Section 12(6) of the ITA.

--- Page 789 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
789 
 
 
Whether payments by the Issuer in respect of W&C Securities fall within Section 12(6) of the ITA would 
depend on the terms and conditions of the relevant W&C Securities. 
Payments within Section 12(6) of the ITA, where made to a person not known to the Issuer to be a tax resident 
in Singapore, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be withheld for 
such payments (other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax described below) to non tax 
resident persons other than non-tax-resident individuals is currently 17 per cent.. The applicable rate for non-
tax-resident individuals is currently 22 per cent.. However, if the payment is derived by a person who is a non 
tax resident in Singapore otherwise than from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or 
exercised by such person in Singapore and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in 
Singapore of that person, the payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15 per cent. The rate of 15 per 
cent. may be reduced by applicable tax treaties. 
Singapore-source interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading), 
prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost from debt securities and derived by individuals will be 
exempted from tax, except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is considered 
as gains or profits derived from the carrying on of a trade, business or profession. 
However, as the Programme as a whole has been arranged by Nomura Singapore Limited which was at the 
material times a Financial Sector Incentive (Bond Market) Company (within the meaning of Section 13(16) of 
the ITA) (FSI-BM) a tranche of Notes or Certificates which are debt securities issued on or before 31 
December 2023 (hereinafter called Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates) will be "qualifying debt 
securities" for the purposes of the ITA to which the following treatments apply:  
(a) 
if payments on the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates fall within Section 12(6) of the ITA, subject 
to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt 
securities in respect of the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates within a prescribed period to the 
MAS, and the inclusion by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Relevant Notes or 
Relevant Certificates of a statement to the effect that where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who 
carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax 
exemption shall not apply if the non-tax-resident person acquires Relevant Notes or Relevant 
Certificates using funds from that person's operations through the Singapore permanent 
establishment), interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary 
trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, Qualifying Income) 
derived from the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates by a holder who is not tax resident in 
Singapore and  
(i) 
who does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore or  
(ii) 
carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore but the 
funds used by that person to acquire the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates are not 
obtained from the operation,  
are exempt from Singapore tax; 
(b) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt 
securities in respect of the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates within a prescribed period to the 
MAS), Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates by any company 
or body of persons (as defined in the ITA), and not being the holder of the Financial Sector Incentive 
– Standard Tier or other special tax status, is subject to tax at a concessionary rate of 10 per cent.; 
(c) 
if payments on the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates falls within Section 12(6) of the ITA, 
subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer including in all offering documents relating to Relevant Notes and Relevant 
Certificates a statement to the effect that any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant Notes and 
Relevant Certificates is not exempt from tax shall include such income in a return of income 
made under the ITA; and

--- Page 790 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
790 
 
 
(ii) 
the furnishing of a return on debt securities in respect of the Relevant Notes or Relevant 
Certificates within a prescribed period to the MAS, 
Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates is not subject to 
withholding of tax by the Issuer. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates, the Relevant Notes or 
Relevant Certificates are issued to less than four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the principal 
amount of the Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates is beneficially held or funded, directly or 
indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates would not qualify 
as "qualifying debt securities"; and 
(b) 
even though Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates are "qualifying debt securities", if at any time 
during the tenure of Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates, 50 per cent. or more of the principal 
amount of Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, 
by any related party(ies) of the Issuer, Qualifying Income derived from Relevant Notes or Relevant 
Certificates held by: 
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire the Relevant Notes or 
Relevant Certificates are obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or concessionary tax rate described above. 
The Issuer has however obtained a waiver of the related party condition described in paragraph (a) above from 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore in respect of the initial issue of any tranche of debt securities to Nomura 
International plc, Nomura Singapore Limited, Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited, Nomura Securities 
International, Inc. (the Nomura Dealers) (i.e. debt securities under the programme will not be disqualified 
from being qualifying debt securities on the basis of the Nomura Dealers being the initial subscribers of the 
debt securities), provided that the debt securities will be on-sold by the Nomura Dealers to investors unrelated 
to the issuer within 30 days from the date of initial issuance, and the Nomura Dealers will not hold the debt 
securities for proprietary investment purposes. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls 
that person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where they and that other person, directly 
or indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer is permitted to make payment of Qualifying Income in respect of Relevant 
Notes or Relevant Certificates without deduction or withholding for tax under Section 45 or Section 45A of 
the ITA, any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost 
derived from Relevant Notes or Relevant Certificates is not exempt from tax is required to include such income 
in a return of income made under the ITA. 
The terms "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" are defined in the ITA as follows: 
"break cost" means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in connection 
with such redemption; 
"prepayment fee" means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the 
securities, the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
"redemption premium" means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the 
securities upon their maturity. 
References to "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" in this Singapore tax disclosure have 
the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
Where, on issue, Securities qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, 
Chapter 134 of Singapore, the applicable Final Terms will contain the following legend:

--- Page 791 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
791 
 
 
"Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant Income) 
from any [N&C Securities]/[W&C Securities] which constitute "qualifying debt securities" for Singapore 
income tax purposes (Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who 
carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for 
qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using 
funds from that person's operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. Any person whose 
income (including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is required to declare such 
income in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore." 
Capital Gains 
Singapore imposes a tax on income but does not impose tax on gains that are considered capital in nature. 
There are no specific statutes or regulations which deal with the characterisation of whether a gain is income 
or capital and the question of whether a gain from the disposal of Securities, or the exercise or expiry of a 
Warrant is income or capital is a question of fact dependent on the holder's specific circumstances. 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Securities will not be 
taxable in Singapore. However, any gains from the sale of the Securities which are gains from any trade, 
business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, 
may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Securities who apply or are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 (FRS 
39), Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 109 (FRS 109) or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 
(International) 9 (Financial Instruments) (SFRS(I) 9) (as the case may be) may for Singapore income tax 
purposes be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the 
Securities, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be). 
Please see the section below on "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 treatment for Singapore income 
tax purposes". 
Holders of the Securities should consult their own professional tax advisers if they are in any doubt as to the 
treatment that would be applicable to them. 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 treatment for Singapore income tax purposes 
Subject to certain "opt-out" provisions, Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required 
to adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income 
tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain exceptions 
provided in that section. The IRAS has also issued a circular entitled "Income Tax Implications Arising from 
the Adoption of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" to provide guidance on the 
Singapore income tax treatment of financial instruments.  
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, 
replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are required to adopt FRS 
109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income 
tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may 
be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. In contrast to the position under the FRS 39 tax 
regime, taxpayers will not have the choice to opt out from the FRS 109 tax regime. The IRAS has also issued 
a circular entitled "Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – Financial 
Instruments".   
Holders of the Securities who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 or 
the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income 
tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Securities. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Under the Goods and Services Tax Act, Chapter 117A of Singapore (GST Act), the following are examples 
of exempt supplies not subject to Goods and Services Tax (GST) under the Fourth Schedule to the GST Act:- 
(a) 
the exchange of currency (whether effected by exchange of bank notes, currency notes or coin, by 
crediting or debiting accounts, or otherwise) other than the supply of a note or a coin as a collector's 
item, investment article or item of numismatic interest;

--- Page 792 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
792 
 
 
(b) 
the issue, allotment or transfer of ownership of an equity security (i.e. any interest in or right to a share 
in the capital of a body corporate or any option to acquire any such interest or right); 
(c) 
the issue, allotment, transfer of ownership, drawing, acceptance or endorsements of a debt security 
(i.e. any interest in or right to be paid money that is, or is to be, owing by any person or any option to 
acquire any such interest or right but excludes a contract of insurance and an estate or interest in land, 
other than an estate or interest as mortgagee or chargeholder);  
(d) 
the renewal or variation of an equity security or debt security; or 
(e) 
the provision or assignment of a derivative (i.e. a financial instrument that derives its value from an 
underlying financial asset, index or other investment, and includes options, swaps and credit default 
swaps) that does not lead to any delivery of goods or the supply of taxable services. 
Holders of W&C Securities, in particular, should consult their own professional tax advisers regarding the 
Singapore GST consequences of their acquisition, holding, conversion or disposal of the W&C Securities. 
Special tax rules for negotiable certificates of deposit 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, under Section 10(12) of the ITA, where a person derives interest from 
a negotiable certificate of deposit or derives gains or profits from the sale thereof, their income shall be treated 
as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a financial institution, the interest and the gains or profits shall be deemed to be income 
from a trade or business under Section 10(1)(a) of the ITA; 
(b) 
in any other case, the interest and the gains or profits shall be deemed to be income from interest under 
Section 10(1)(d) of the ITA subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
if the interest is received by a subsequent holder of a certificate of deposit the income derived 
from such interest shall exclude the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the issued 
price of the certificate, except where that amount has been excluded in the computation of any 
previous interest derived by them in respect of that certificate; and 
(ii) 
where a subsequent holder sells a certificate after receiving interest therefrom the gains or 
profits shall be deemed to be the amount by which the sale price exceeds the issued price or 
the purchase price, whichever is the lower; and 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (b) above, where a subsequent holder purchases a certificate at a price 
which is less than the issued price and holds the certificate until its maturity, the amount by which the 
issued price exceeds the purchase price shall be deemed to be interest derived by them. 
Holders of Certificates should consult their own professional tax advisers regarding the application of Section 
10(12) of the ITA to their Singapore income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of any 
negotiable certificates of deposit. 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty is generally not imposed on the issue or redemption for cash of Securities.  
Where an instrument of transfer of stocks or shares (including funded debt) is executed in Singapore, or is 
executed outside Singapore but is brought into Singapore, the instrument would be subject to stamp duty of 
up to 0.2 per cent. of the amount or value of the consideration, or the value of the stocks or shares sold or 
transferred, whichever is higher. Transfers of securities on a scripless basis through the Central Depository 
(Pte) Limited are not subject to stamp duty. Transfers of stocks or shares by way of sale or gift of any stock 
issued by a company, corporation or body of persons incorporated, formed or established outside Singapore 
(other than stock registered in register kept in Singapore) are also exempt from stamp duty. Special rules apply 
to certain contracts or agreements for the sale of, or instruments of transfer of, equity interests in entities whose 
assets include significant Singapore residential property interests. A detailed description of these rules is 
beyond the scope of this tax section. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers in respect of the Singapore stamp duty 
treatment of the issue, transfer or settlement of Securities, particularly where the Securities are capable of 
settlement by physical delivery.

--- Page 793 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
793 
 
 
Estate Duty 
Estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 2008.

--- Page 794 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
794 
 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
The Dealers, as applicable, have entered into an amended and restated Programme Agreement, dated on or 
about 7 October 2021 (as the same may be amended or supplemented, from time to time, in accordance with 
the terms thereof, the Programme Agreement), with the Issuer, the Guarantors and the NIHK Guarantor, 
which sets forth a basis upon which they may from time to time agree to purchase the Securities. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the issue of Securities under the Programme. In addition, the Issuer may, from time to time, 
issue Securities to parties other than a Dealer, on terms as it may agree from time to time. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Securities, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the 
relevant Securities during and after the offering of the Tranche.  Specifically such persons may over-allot or 
create a short position in the Securities for their own account by selling more Securities than have been sold 
to them by the Issuer.  Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Securities 
in the open market.  In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Securities by bidding 
for or purchasing Securities in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Securities are 
reclaimed if Securities previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise.  The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of 
the Securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market.  The imposition of a 
penalty bid may also affect the price of the Securities to the extent that it discourages resales thereof.  No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions.  Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time.  Under UK laws and regulations stabilising 
activities may only be carried on by the Stabilising Manager named in the applicable Final Terms (or persons 
acting on its behalf) and only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Securities. 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer and the Guarantors that would permit a public offering of 
any Securities or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Securities in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Securities, 
or distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which 
will not impose any obligation on the Issuer and the Guarantors. In particular, each of the following  
restrictions will apply to Securities offered under the Programme. These restrictions are stated in some 
cases as restrictions agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Notwithstanding this all such 
restrictions below apply directly to any dealing or transaction in Securities and all Securityholders and 
potential Securityholders or others transacting in or taking any action in relation to the Securities must 
comply with all such restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
UNITED STATES 
None of the Securities of any series, the related Guarantee (in the case of Guaranteed Securities), nor any 
Entitlements (if any) have been or will be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. None 
of the Securities, the related Guarantee (in the case of Guaranteed Securities), nor any Entitlements (if any) 
have or will constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA), 
and trading in the Securities, the related Guarantee (in the case of the Guaranteed Securities), and any 
Entitlements (if any) has not been approved or disapproved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the CFTC) pursuant to the CEA.  Unless a series of Securities is eligible for sale (a) in the United 
States to QIBs who are also QPs, or (b) to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who are QIBs that are 
also QPs and, in each case, who agree to purchase the Securities for their own account or for the accounts of 
one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and not with a view to the distribution thereof 
and, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, provide an Investor Representation Letter

--- Page 795 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
795 
 
 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, no Securities of any series, or interests therein, may 
at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. In addition, certain Securities 
(including, but not limited to, Permanent Global W&C Securities) may not at any time be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, delivered or exercised or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. 
In the event that a series of Securities is so eligible for sale in the United States or to U.S. persons, any sale or 
transfer restrictions or certification requirements applicable to such Securities in addition to those set out in 
the applicable Conditions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  Offers, sales, resales or deliveries of 
Securities of any series, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons would constitute a violation of United States securities laws unless made in 
compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws or 
pursuant to an exemption therefrom.  Terms used in this paragraph and the preceding paragraph and not 
otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. The term "U.S. person" has the meaning 
given to it by Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended, the term "United States person" has the 
meaning given to it by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and the term "U.S. Person" means any person who is (i) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Regulation S, (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 
4.7 under the CEA, (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement 
Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the final rule relating to 
Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap 
Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA, (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined 
in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA, or (v) a "United States person" as defined 
in the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the United States Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time. 
Securities in bearer form that are treated as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  The applicable 
Final Terms will specify whether the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA C), the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (TEFRA D), or neither the provisions of TEFRA C nor 
TEFRA D (TEFRA not applicable) will apply to the issuance of Securities.  Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. Further information is set out in the Programme Agreement. 
In connection with any Securities which are offered or sold in offshore transactions for the account or benefit 
of non-U.S. persons (or for the account or benefit of non-U.S. Persons in the case of certain Securities 
(including, but not limited to, Permanent Global W&C Securities) that may not at any time be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, delivered or exercised or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. Person) outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S 
Securities) and any applicable state securities laws, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted 
by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Regulation S Securities within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. In the case of certain Securities that may not at any

--- Page 796 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
796 
 
 
time be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered or exercised or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. Person, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. Persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, that it will have sent to any other Dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Securities a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Securities 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. In the case of certain Securities 
that may not at any time be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered or exercised or redeemed, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. Person, each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
have sent to any other Dealer to which it sells any such Securities a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. Persons. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
An offer or sale of such Regulation S Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or 
sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Any person purchasing Regulation S Securities shall be deemed to have agreed with the Issuer or the seller of 
such Securities that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Securities 
of such series so purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to 
others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any Securities of such series for the account or benefit 
of any U.S. person. 
Any person purchasing Securities of a series eligible for sale (a) in the United States to a QIB that is also a QP 
or (b) to any U.S. person who is a QIB and also a QP and, in each case, who agrees to purchase the Securities 
for its own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom is a QIB that is a QP and 
not with a view to the distribution thereof and (unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms) 
provides an Investor Representation Letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement shall be 
deemed to have agreed with the Issuer that any resales of such Securities to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person may be effected only to a QIB that is also a QP that has executed an Investor Representation 
Letter.  See "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer Restrictions" on pages 742 to 750. 
Each issuance of Exempt Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Securities, which additional 
selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  Each Dealer has agreed that it shall offer, 
sell and deliver such Securities only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) in respect of the Securities specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable" and neither a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
nor a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  To the extent that "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is specified as 
"Applicable" and a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period or any PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or

--- Page 797 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
797 
 
 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA, other than in a PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction and during the specified PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period, if any. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as (i) "Not Applicable" or (ii) "Applicable" but a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period or a PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may, where applicable, subject to the restrictions above 
relating to offering, selling or otherwise making available the Securities to retail investors in the EEA, make 
an offer of such Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt 
Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and

--- Page 798 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
798 
 
 
the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities; 
and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
UNITED KINGDOM 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) in respect of the Securities specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable" and a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  To the extent that "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is specified as "Applicable" and a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK, other than during the specified 
UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
(i) "Not Applicable" or (ii) "Applicable" but a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may, where 
applicable, subject to the restrictions above relating to offering, selling or otherwise making available the 
Securities to retail investors in the UK, make an offer of such Securities to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA.

--- Page 799 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
799 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
BELGIUM 
This Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority as a prospectus relating to Securities with a maturity of less than 12 
months qualifying as money market instruments within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Belgian Prospectus Law (as defined below). Accordingly, no action will be taken and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission 
of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market (the Belgian Prospectus Law). 
Bearer securities (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in bearer 
form underlying the Securities) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with the 
Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment undertakings 
satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and undertakings for investment in receivables, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the UCITS Law) or the Belgian law of 19 April 2014 on alternative 
collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced from time to time (the AIFM 
Law), as applicable, then such Fund Linked Securities cannot be offered in Belgium unless (i) Cash Settlement 
applies or (ii) if the underlying fund is a UCITS within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, the Fund Linked 
Securities are offered to qualified investors only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors).  The shares and other securities issued by these funds cannot be offered publicly in 
Belgium.

--- Page 800 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
800 
 
 
Other than in respect of Securities for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the offering may not be advertised and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver the 
Securities and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Securities to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time. 
DENMARK 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Securities directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with, as 
applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act no. 1767 of 27 November 2020 on Capital 
Markets, as amended, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 
1580 of 17 December 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the 
Danish Consolidated Act no. 1447 of 11 September 2020 on Financial Business, as amended. 
FRANCE 
EACH DEALER HAS REPRESENTED AND AGREED, AND EACH FURTHER DEALER 
APPOINTED UNDER THE PROGRAMME WILL BE REQUIRED TO REPRESENT AND AGREE, 
THAT IT UNDERTAKES TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE FRENCH LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS IN FORCE REGARDING THE OFFER, THE PLACEMENT OR THE SALE OF 
THE SECURITIES AND THE DISTRIBUTION IN FRANCE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY 
OTHER OFFERING MATERIAL RELATING TO THE SECURITIES.HUNGARY 
In addition to the rules applicable to the EEA as described above, in connection with any private placement in 
Hungary, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that (i) all written documentation prepared in connection with a private 
placement in Hungary will clearly indicate that it is a private placement, (ii) it will ensure that all investors 
receive the same information which is material or necessary to the evaluation of the relevant Issuer's current 
market, economic, financial and legal situation and its expected development, including that which was 
discussed in any personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following standard wording will be 
included in all such written communication: 
"PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS [NAME OF 
DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT IN HUNGARY.". 
IRELAND 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place or do 
anything in respect of any Securities otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 2017 
Prospectus Regulation and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. 380/2019)(as 
amended), the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended the CA 2014), including 
(but not limited to) any rules issued under Section 1363 of the CA 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland, 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended), any codes of conduct made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland (as amended) and any regulations made pursuant to 
Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not offered, sold or placed and will not offer, sell or place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect 
of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation

--- Page 801 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
801 
 
 
(EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules issued under Section 1370 of the CA 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. 375/2017) (as amended), and is operating within the 
terms of its authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and it has complied and will comply with 
any applicable codes of conduct or practice issued in connection therewith and the provisions of the 
Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); and 
(d) 
in connection with offers or sales of Securities, it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or 
pass on, any document received by it in connection with the issue of the Securities to persons who are 
persons to whom the documents may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on. 
ITALY 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering of the 
Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly no Securities may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including Final Terms) or of any other 
document relating to the Securities be distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the PD Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the PD Regulation Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Securities in Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Italian 
Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking 
Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations, or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Securities which are initially offered 
and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only, but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in 
the liability of the intermediary transferring the Securities for any damages suffered by the investors. 
POLAND 
No permit has been obtained from the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority (the Polish FSA) in relation to 
the issue of any Securities or the Base Prospectus.  Securities cannot be offered or sold in the Republic of 
Poland (Poland) by way of a Public Offer (as defined below), unless it is done in compliance with the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus

--- Page 802 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
802 
 
 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Regulation), the Act on Public Offering and on the 
Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an Organised Trading System and Public 
Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable laws and regulations enacted under 
these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
For the purpose of this provision, the term "Public Offer" means an 'offer of securities to the public' as defined 
under the Prospectus Regulation, ie a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities. 
The conduct of a Public Offer in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public Offer require an 
intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offers exempted from the prospectus 
obligation. Each Securities dealer acknowledges and each further Securities dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge that the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Securities by 
residents of Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond 
the restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, 
including under foreign exchange regulations. 
PORTUGAL 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Securities may only be offered by any such Dealer to the public in the 
Portuguese Republic under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) under the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, PSC) enacted by Decree Law no. 486/99 of 
November 13, as amended from time to time, subject to the fulfilment of the requirements and provisions 
applicable to public offerings in Portugal. 
In particular, no offering materials will be publicly distributed in Portugal by any such Dealer and no publicity 
or marketing activities related to Securities will be conducted in Portugal by any such Dealer unless the 
provisions relating to public offerings of securities and Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products in Portugal (if applicable) are duly complied with. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, 
advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or delivered and will not 
directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-
sell, re-offer or deliver any Securities in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) 
of securities pursuant to the PSC, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, 
as the case may be, or in circumstances which could qualify the issue of Securities as an issue in the Portuguese 
market except in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by 
it of Securities have been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the PSC or other 
securities legislation or regulations, qualify as a private placement of Securities (oferta particular) except if 
such offers, sales and distributions qualify as and follow the requirements applicable to a public offer (oferta 
pública) pursuant to the aforementioned provisions; (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed in Portugal this Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to Securities except in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations; and (iv) it will comply with all provisions of the PSC, of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2019/980 and of any Portuguese securities laws and regulations that may be applicable to it in respect 
of any offer or sale of Securities by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese securities laws and 
regulations otherwise apply), as the case may be, including the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, 
or commencing a prospectus recognition procedure with the Portuguese Securities Commission (Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, CMVM), and/or filing with the CMVM and disclosing to investors a key

--- Page 803 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
803 
 
 
information document under the applicable European and Portuguese regulatory provisions on packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products when applicable. 
ROMANIA 
The Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Romania and neither the Base Prospectus, 
the Final Terms nor any other offering material or advertisement in connection with the Securities may be 
distributed or published in Romania, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws, rules and regulations of Romania, including Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from 
time to time, Law No. 24/2017 on issuers of financial instruments and market operations, Regulation No. 
5/2018 on issuers of financial instruments and market operations, implementing norms and decisions issued 
or approved by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority and all implementing regulations issued by the 
Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority or by the European Commission. Each purchaser of the Securities 
must observe all applicable laws and regulations in Romania, including the Law No. 126/2018 regarding 
financial instruments (as amended or supplemented), Law No. 24/2017 on the issuers of financial instruments 
and market operations (as amended or supplemented), as well as all applicable EU legislation. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Securities in Romania must comply with any 
other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by the Romanian Financial Supervisory 
Authority, National Bank of Romania as well as any other relevant Romanian public authority, including, 
where applicable, conducting the public offers through 'intermediaries' (or a syndicate of intermediaries) 
authorised to provide financial investment services. 
Please note that any subsequent sale or distribution of the Securities on the secondary market in Romania must 
be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules and a new assessment of the 
application of any exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus must be made. 
SPAIN 
In addition to the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" selling restriction as stated above, each Dealer 
has acknowledged and agreed that when the offer is not strictly addressed to qualified investors (as disclosed 
in the Prospectus Regulation) in the Kingdom of Spain, any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities, must be 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Kingdom of Spain in accordance with the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the 
restated text Law 24/1988 of 28 July 1998 on the Securities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the Spanish 
Securities Market Law). 
The Securities may not be sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of the Securities be carried out 
in Spain, except in compliance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
SWEDEN 
Each Dealer has confirmed, represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to confirm, represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or 
purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Securities or distribute any draft or final 
document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result 
in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). However, to the extent such Dealer intends to make a Non-exempt Offer, such offer 
will be made in accordance with the requirements in the Prospectus Regulation. 
SWITZERLAND 
Each Dealer has confirmed, represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to confirm, represent and agree that:

--- Page 804 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
804 
 
 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public 
offer in Switzerland, if the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Securities published according to 
Article 64 FinSA specify "Swiss Non-exempt Offer" as applicable, in the "Swiss Offer Period" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, and 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Securities, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where 
such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO). 
If Securities qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information 
document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in 
respect of such Securities must be prepared and published. Other than where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be (i) "Not Applicable" or (ii) 
"Applicable" but a period(s) of time is specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the Securities may not 
be offered or sold to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland.  
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the CISA 
and are not subject to the supervision by, the FINMA and investors in the Securities will not benefit from the 
specific investor protection under the CISA. 
JAPAN 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No.25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that neither this Base Prospectus nor any applicable Final Terms have been 
authorised by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Each Dealer has further represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) other than (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the

--- Page 805 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
805 
 
 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
INDONESIA 
The Securities have not been and will not be, registered with the Financial Services Authority of Indonesia 
(the OJK), and therefore, the Securities may not be offered or sold within Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens 
wherever they are domiciled in a manner which constitutes a public offer under Law No. 8 of 1995 on Capital 
Markets and the implementing regulations. Accordingly, the Dealers and the Arranger have represented and 
agreed that they will not, directly or indirectly, expressly or implicitly: 
(a) 
offer the Securities to more than 100, or sell the Securities to more than 50, parties in Indonesia and/or 
Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled; and 
(b) 
offer the Securities by way of mass media, including any newspaper, magazine, film, television, radio 
or other electronic media or any letter, brochure or other printed medium, distributed to more than 100 
parties in Indonesia and/or to Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled. 
TAIWAN 
The Securities may not be sold or offered in Taiwan and may only be offered and sold to Taiwan resident 
investors (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan or (ii) in Taiwan through licensed 
financial institutions to the extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws or regulations. No other offer or sale 
in Taiwan is permitted. 
MALAYSIA 
No approval from the Securities Commission Malaysia is or will be obtained, nor will any prospectus be filed 
or registered with the Securities Commission Malaysia for the offering of the Securities in Malaysia.  This 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms do not constitute and are not intended to constitute an invitation or offer 
for subscription or purchase of the Securities, nor may this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or any other 
offering material or document relating to the Securities be published or distributed, directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Malaysia unless such invitation or offer falls within (i) Schedule 5 of the Capital Markets and 
Services Act 2007 (the CMSA), (ii) Schedule 6 (or Section 229(1)(b)) and Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)) 
of the CMSA and (iii) Schedule 8 (or Section 257(3)) of the CMSA or such other applicable exemption 
contained within any legislation succeeding the CMSA subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive 
of Bank Negara Malaysia, Securities Commission Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time 
to time. 
THAILAND 
The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been approved by or filed or registered with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authorities of the Kingdom of Thailand.  Accordingly, the 
Securities may not be offered or sold, nor may the Final Terms and this Base Prospectus  be distributed, directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in 
effect at the relevant time. 
SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities may not be 
circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities at any time be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to  Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the

--- Page 806 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
806 
 
 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor; 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (PRC) 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering 
or resale or redelivery, in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the 
PRC) in contravention of any applicable laws.  
In addition, in the case of Securities that are linked to PRC Securities (as defined below), the Securities may 
not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the PRC to any Domestic Investor as defined in the 
Administrative Rules of Securities Accounts of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited 
or to any person which is the trustee for a Trust (as defined below), or to any person which pays or will pay 
for the Securities any amounts which involved or will involve moneys financed by or sourced from any 
Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and regulations of the PRC. 
PRC Securities means any shares, bonds, warrants or other securities listed on any stock exchange in the PRC, 
securities investment funds quoted in Renminbi or any other financial instruments in which a Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor may from time to time invest under the laws and regulations of the PRC.  The term 
Domestic Investor is defined in the Administrative Rules of Securities Accounts of China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and includes the following:  
(i) 
PRC citizens resident in the PRC; 
(ii) 
PRC citizens resident outside the PRC who are not permanent residents of another country or 
permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan; and 
(iii) 
Legal persons registered in the PRC.  
Legal persons registered in the PRC mean entities incorporated or organised in the PRC. 
PRC citizens used in the rules mean persons holding a resident identification card of the PRC and do not 
include persons who are permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
Renminbi means the lawful currency of the PRC. 
A Trust means a trust the interests in which are majority-owned by, and the management decision over which 
is controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case only where a Trusts'

--- Page 807 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
807 
 
 
investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an investment manager, such investment manager 
shall not be deemed to control such entity for the purposes of this definition by reason only of it being able to 
control the decision-making in relation to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in 
the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public 
offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Securities are not being 
offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
THE PHILIPPINES 
The Securities being offered or sold pursuant to this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be registered 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Philippines (the PSEC) for public offering in the 
Philippines under the Securities Regulation Code (the SRC).  Any future offer or sale of the Securities is 
subject to the registration requirement under the SRC unless such offer or sale qualifies as an exempt 
transaction.  Any offers of the Securities in the Philippines are limited to qualified buyers pursuant to Section 
10.1(l) of the SRC and Rule 10.1.3 of the 2015 implementing rules and regulations of the SRC. The Issuer has 
not obtained and will not obtain confirmation from the PSEC that the offer and sale of such Securities within 
the Philippines qualifies as an exempt transaction. In the event of an offer or sale of the Securities to a primary 
institutional lender pursuant to Rule 10.1.4 of the 2015 implementing rules and regulations of the SRC, 
prospective investors should observe the transfer restrictions set out in such rule. These restrictions provide 
that, among others, the Securities shall only be negotiated or assigned to another primary institutional lender 
or the Development Bank of the Philippines with respect to private development banks in relation to their 
rediscounting privileges; provided further that in the case of non-banks without underwriting licenses, such 
negotiation or assignment shall be through banks or non-banks licensed to be an underwriter or a securities 
dealer; provided finally, that in no case shall said instrument be negotiated or assigned to non-qualified 
investors. 
REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the FSCMA). The 
Securities may not be offered, sold and delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea (as defined in the Foreign 
Exchange Transaction Law) except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, including the 
FSCMA, the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and the decrees and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the 
Securities may not be resold to Korean residents unless the purchaser of the Securities complies with all 
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the 
Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the 
purchase of the Securities. 
RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
Each Dealer has severally and not jointly, nor jointly and severally, agreed that the Securities will not be 
offered, transferred or sold as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to or for the benefit of 
any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the 
Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the 
extent otherwise permitted under Russian Law.

--- Page 808 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
808 
 
 
AUSTRALIA 
This document and the offer of the Programme or the Securities is only made available in Australia to persons 
to whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or other disclosure document is not required to be given 
under either Chapter 6D or Chapter 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  This document is not a prospectus, 
product disclosure statement or any other type of formal disclosure document for the purposes of Australian 
Law, and is not required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be required in a product 
disclosure statement or prospectus under Australian law.  
This document is only provided on the condition that the information in and accompanying this document is 
strictly for the use of prospective investors and their advisers only.  Neither this document nor any extract or 
conclusion from this document in relation to the Programme or the Securities has been or will be lodged with 
the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) or the ASX Limited or any other regulatory 
body or agency in Australia.  The persons referred to in this document may not hold Australian financial 
services licences.  No cooling off regime applies to an acquisition of the Securities.  Under no circumstances 
is this document to be used by a retail client for the purpose of making a decision about a financial product.  
This document contains general advice only and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial 
situation or needs of any particular person. Accordingly, before making an investment decision in relation to 
this document, you should assess whether the acquisition of the Securities is appropriate in light of your own 
financial circumstances or seek professional advice.  
An investor may not offer, transfer or offer to transfer Securities to any person located in, or a resident of, 
Australia, unless the person is a person to whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or product 
disclosure statement is not required to be given under either Chapter 6D or Chapter 7.9 of the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth).  There may be restrictions on the offer for re-sale of any Securities in Australia for a period 
of 12 months after their issue.  Because of these restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any offer for re-sale of Securities in Australia.  
NEW ZEALAND 
This document and the offer of the Programme or the Securities is only made available in New Zealand to 
"wholesale investors" as such term in defined in clause 3(2) of schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct 
Act 2013 (FMC Act). This document is only provided on the condition that the information in and 
accompanying this document is strictly for the use of such "wholesale investors" in their capacity as 
prospective investors.  
This document and the information contained in or accompanying this document is not, and is under no 
circumstances to be construed as, an offer of financial products to any person who requires disclosure under 
Part 3 of the FMC Act. This document is not a product disclosure statement or any other disclosure document 
for the purposes of the FMC Act, and is not required to, and does not, contain all the information which would 
be required in a product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the FMC Act. 
Neither this document nor any extract or conclusion from this document in relation to the Programme or the 
Securities has been or will be lodged, registered, filed with or reviewed or approved by any New Zealand 
regulatory authority or under or in accordance with the FMC Act. Under no circumstances is this document or 
the information in or accompanying this document to be used by a "retail investor" (as such term is defined in 
the FMC Act) for the purpose of making a decision about the Programme or the Securities.  
The Securities referred to in this document are not being issued with a view to being offered for sale in New 
Zealand. There may be restrictions on the offer for re-sale of any Securities in New Zealand for a period of 12 
months after their issue. Any offer or sale of any Securities by a holder of Securities to a person in New Zealand 
may be made only in accordance with the FMC Act to a person who is a "wholesale investor". 
CANADA 
The Securities may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal, that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Securities must be made in

--- Page 809 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
809 
 
 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus or the applicable accompanying Final Terms or Prospectus 
Supplement (including any amendments thereto) contain a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of 
the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with 
a legal advisor.  Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
any underwriters, dealers or agents are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
ARGENTINA 
The Securities have not been and will not be authorised by the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the CNV) for 
public offer in Argentina and therefore may not be offered or sold to the public at large or to sectors or specific 
groups thereof by any means, including but not limited to personal offerings, written materials, advertisements, 
the internet or the media, in circumstances which constitute a public offering of securities under Argentine 
Law No. 17,811, as amended (the Argentine Public Offering Law). 
The Argentine Public Offering Law does not expressly recognise the concept of private placement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the general rules on public offering and the few existing judicial 
and administrative precedents, the following private placement rules have been outlined: 
(i) 
target investors should be qualified or sophisticated investors, capable of understanding the risk of the 
proposed investment. 
(ii) 
investors should be contacted on an individual, direct and confidential basis, without using any type 
of massive means of communication. 
(iii) 
the number of contacted investors should be relatively small. 
(iv) 
investors should receive complete and precise information on the proposed investment. 
(v) 
any material, brochures, documents, etc, regarding the investment should be delivered in a personal 
and confidential manner, identifying the name of the recipient. Likewise, any distributed material is 
intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s) and the distributed material's contents may not 
be reproduced, redistributed, or copied, in whole or in part for any purpose without the express 
authority of an agent. The aforementioned documents or materials should contain a statement 
expressly stating such circumstances and prohibitions. 
(vi) 
the documents or information mentioned in item (v) should contain a legend or statement expressly 
stating that the offer is a private offer not subject to the approval or supervision of the CNV, or any 
other regulator in Argentina. 
(vii) 
the aforementioned documents or materials should also contain a statement prohibiting the re-sale or 
re-placement of the relevant securities within the Argentine territory or their sale through any type of 
transaction that may constitute a public offering of securities pursuant to Argentine law. 
(viii) 
the investment in the Securities from Argentina has to comply with applicable Argentine foreign 
exchange regulation in place in Argentina. Any potential investor intending to invest in the Securities 
from Argentina shall request, before deciding on such investment, legal advice to ensure that the 
investment in the Securities is in compliance with applicable Argentine foreign exchange regulation. 
BRAZIL 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the "Comissão de Valores Mobiliários" – the 
Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM) and accordingly, the Securities may not and will not 
be sold, promised to be sold, offered, solicited, advertised and/or marketed within the Federal Republic of 
Brazil, except in circumstances that cannot be construed as a public offering or unauthorised distribution of

--- Page 810 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
810 
 
 
securities under Brazilian laws and regulations. The Securities are not being offered into Brazil. Documents 
relating to an offering of the Securities may not be supplied or distributed to the public in Brazil nor be used 
in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Securities to the public in Brazil. 
CHILE 
None of the Dealers or the Securities have been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de 
Chile (Chilean Securities and Insurance Commission) pursuant to Ley No. 18,045, Ley de Mercado de Valores 
(the "Chilean Securities Act"), as amended, and, accordingly, the Securities have not been and will not be 
offered or sold within Chile or to, or for the account of benefit of persons in Chile except in circumstances 
which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering and/or securities intermediation in Chile within 
the meaning of the Chilean Securities Act. 
None of the Dealers is a bank or a licensed broker in Chile, and therefore each Agent has not and will not 
conduct transactions or any business operations in any of such qualities, including the marketing, offer and 
sale of the Securities, except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a "public offering" 
as such term is defined in Article 4 of the Chilean Securities Act, and/or have not resulted and will not result 
in the intermediation of securities in Chile within the meaning of Article 24 of the Chilean Securities Act 
and/or the breach of the brokerage restrictions set forth in Article 39 of Decree with Force of Law No. 3 of 
1997. 
The Securities will only be sold to specific buyers, each of which will be deemed upon purchase: 
(i) 
to be a financial institution and/or an institutional investor or a qualified investor with such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of 
an investment in the Securities; 
(ii) 
to agree that it will only resell the Securities in the Republic of Chile in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations; and that it will deliver to each person to whom the Securities are transferred a 
notice substantially to the effect of this selling restriction; 
(iii) 
to acknowledge receipt of sufficient information required to make an informed decision whether or 
not to invest in the Securities; and 
(iv) 
to acknowledge that it has not relied upon advice from any Agent and/or us, or its or our respective 
affiliates, regarding the determination of the convenience or suitability of Securities as an investment 
for the buyer or any other person; and has taken and relied upon independent legal, regulatory, tax and 
accounting advice. 
COLOMBIA 
The Securities have not been registered in the National Securities Registry of Colombia (Registro Nacional de 
Valores y Emisores) kept by the Colombian Financial Superintendency (Superintendencia Financiera de 
Colombia) or in the Colombian Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). In the event such registry is 
to take place, all applicable Colombian laws will be complied with. 
Until such time when the proper procedures contained in Colombian law for the registry and public offering 
of the Securities in Colombia takes place (if such registry/offer is conducted), the Securities shall not be 
marketed, offered, sold or distributed in Colombia or to Colombian residents in any manner that would be 
characterised as a public offering, as such is defined in article 6.1.1.1.1 et seq. of Decree 2555/2010, as 
amended from time to time. 
Therefore, not having yet complied at this time with the Colombian laws applicable to registry of foreign 
securities or public offerings, the Securities cannot be offered for sale within Colombian territory or to 
Colombian residents, by any given means, that may be considered as being addressed to an undetermined 
number of persons or to one-hundred (100) or more persons, including but not limited to: (i) any written 
material or other means of communication, such as subscription lists, bulletins, pamphlets or advertisements 
with the purpose of selling the Securities; (ii) any offer or sale of the Securities at offices or branches open to 
the public; (iii) use of any oral or written advertisements, letters, announcements, notices or any other means 
of communication that may be perceived to be addressed to an undetermined number of persons with the

--- Page 811 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
811 
 
 
purpose of selling the Securities; or (iv) use (a) non-solicited emails or (b) email distributions lists with the 
purpose of selling the Securities. 
If the Securities are to be marketed within Colombian territory or to Colombian residents, regardless of the 
number of persons to which said marketing is addressed to, any such promotion or advertisement of the 
Securities must be made through a representative office, or through a local broker-dealer (sociedad 
comisionista de valores) provided such entity has entered into a correspondent agreement, in accordance with 
Decree 2555/2010, as amended from time to time, unless one or more of the legal exceptions contained in 
Decree 2555/2010 apply as relevant. 
EL SALVADOR 
The Securities may not be offered to the general public in El Salvador, and according to Article 2 of the Ley 
de Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Law) of the Republic of El Salvador, Legislative Decree number 
809 dated 16 February 1994, published on the Diario Oficial (Official Gazette) number 73-BIS, Number 323, 
dated 21 April 1994, and in compliance with the aforementioned regulation, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it will not make an invitation for subscription or purchase of the Securities to indeterminate 
individuals, nor will it make known this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto in the territory of El 
Salvador through any mass media communication such as television, radio, press, or any similar medium, other 
than publications of an international nature that are received in El Salvador, such as internet access or foreign 
cable advertisements, which are not directed to the Salvadoran public. The offering of the Securities has not 
been registered with an authorised stock exchange in the Republic of El Salvador. Any negotiation for the 
purchase or sale of notes in the Republic of El Salvador shall only be negotiated on an individual basis with 
determinate individuals or entities in strict compliance with the aforementioned Article 2 of the Securities 
Market Law, and shall in any event be effected in accordance with all securities, tax and exchange control of 
the Dominican Republic, Central America, and United States Free Trade Agreements, and other applicable 
laws or regulations of the Republic of El Salvador. 
GUATEMALA 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Registro del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias 
and are not being publicly offered in Guatemala.  Accordingly, the Securities may not be sold, promised to be 
sold, offered, solicited, advertised or marketed within Guatemala except in circumstances that cannot be 
construed to be a public offering in Guatemala. 
MEXICO 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities 
maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission nor with the Mexican Stock 
Exchange and therefore, may not be offered or sold publicly in the United Mexican States. Any term sheet and 
the accompanying prospectus may not be publicly distributed in the United Mexican States. The Securities 
may be privately placed in Mexico among institutional and qualified investors, pursuant to the private 
placement exemption set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law. 
PANAMA 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the National Securities Commission of the 
Republic of Panama under Decree Law No. 1 of 8 July 1999 (the Panamanian Securities Law) and may not 
be publicly offered or sold within Panama, except in certain limited transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Panamanian Securities Law. The Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided 
by the Panamanian Securities Law and are not subject to regulation or supervision by the National Securities 
Commission of the Republic of Panama. 
PERU 
The Securities have not been registered in Perú with the Registro Público del Mercado de Valores (Securities 
Market Public Registry), administered by the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Peruvian securities 
market public authority), and may not be offered within the Peruvian territory by the Issuer, the Dealers, or 
any person acting on behalf of the formerly mentioned entities, except in circumstances, if any, that will not

--- Page 812 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
812 
 
 
result in a public offering of securities or unauthorised securities intermediation (intermediación de valores) 
within the meaning of the Peruvian Ley del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Law), which unified text 
has been approved through Supreme Decree 093-2002-EF, as amended, or in circumstances that will require 
the accomplishment of any registration or other requirement under Peruvian securities legislation.  
Notwithstanding the above, if applicable, application for registration of the Securities with the Registro de 
Instrumentos de Inversión y de Operaciones de Cobertura de Riesgo Extranjeros (Foreign Investment 
Instruments and Hedging Transactions Registry) of the Superintendencia de Banca, Seguros y 
Administradoras Privadas de Fondos de Pensiones (Peruvian banking, insurance and pension fund private 
administrators public authority) will be filed with the mentioned public institution under Section 55 of Title 
VI of the Compendio de Normas de Superintendencia Reglamentarias del Sistema Privado de Administración 
de Fondos de Pensiones (Compendium of Regulations for the Private Pension Fund System approved by the 
Superintendency). Peruvian Pension Funds may only purchase the Securities after the mentioned registration 
has become effective. 
VENEZUELA 
The Securities have not been registered with the Venezuelan Office of the Superintendent of National 
Securities (Superintendencia Nacional de Valores) and may not be publicly offered in Venezuela. No 
document related to the offering of the Securities shall be interpreted to constitute a public offer of securities 
in Venezuela.  
Investors wishing to acquire the Securities may use only funds located outside of Venezuela, which are not of 
mandatory sale to the Central Bank of Venezuela (Banco Central de Venezuela) or are not otherwise subject 
to restrictions or limitations under the exchange control regulation currently in force in Venezuela. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL 
CENTRE) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Securities to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is:  
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.2 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module. 
QATAR 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any applicable Final Terms is or shall be intended to constitute an offer, sale 
or delivery of Securities to the public under the laws of the state of Qatar including the rules and regulations 
of Qatar Financial Centre Authority (QFCA) or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) 
or equivalent laws of the Qatar Central Bank (QCB).  Neither this document nor the Securities have been 
registered with, or reviewed or approved by the QFCA, the QFCRA, the QCB or the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority (QFMA).  The information contained in this document does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
public or general offer or other invitation in respect of shares, units in a collective investment scheme, or other 
securities in the State of Qatar or the QFC. 
This Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms is for the use of the named addressee only and should not 
be given or shown to any other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof).

--- Page 813 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
813 
 
 
No transaction will be concluded in the State of Qatar or the QFC and any enquiries regarding this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms should be made to the Issuer's office in London. 
KUWAIT 
The Securities have not been licensed for offering, marketing, promotion or sale in the State of Kuwait by the 
Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government department or agency.  The offering, 
marketing, promotion or sale of the Securities in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, 
therefore, restricted in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the Executive Bylaws for Law No. 7 of 2010 
Concerning Establishment of Capital Markets Authority and Organisation of Securities Activity, which govern 
the issuance, offering, marketing and sale of securities in the State of Kuwait.  No private or public offering 
of the Securities is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Securities 
will be concluded in the State of Kuwait.  No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Securities in the State of Kuwait. 
ISRAEL 
The Securities are only being offered in the state of Israel based on an exemption under the Israeli Securities 
Law, 1968 (Israeli Securities Law). The Securities are being offered only to investors listed in the First 
Schedule of the Securities Law (Israeli Sophisticated Investors), who in each case have provided written 
confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such 
designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or 
other exemptions of the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements or rulings issued from 
time to time by the Israeli Securities Authority. Accordingly, the offering of the Securities do not constitute an 
offer made to the public in Israel within the meaning given to it in the Israeli Securities Law. 
The Securities have not been registered and a prospectus was not issued under the Israeli Securities Law. 
Neither the Securities nor this Base Prospectus nor any advertising material about the Securities have been 
approved by any Israeli authority. No action has been or will be taken in the State of Israel that would permit 
a public offering of the Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any offering material in connection 
with the Securities to the public in Israel. This Base Prospectus and any advertising material about the 
Securities are not intended to serve, and should not be treated as Investment Advice as defined under the 
Investment Advice Law. Accordingly, the content of this Base Prospectus does not replace and should not 
serve as substitution for Investment Advice services that take into account the special characteristics and needs 
of each investor. The Issuer does not hold a license under the Investment Advice Law, nor does it carry the 
insurance as required of a licensee thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other 
person other than those to whom copies have been sent. Any investor who purchases the Securities is 
purchasing such securities and notes for its own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of 
distributing or offering such Securities to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is an 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, portfolio manager or member of the Tel-
Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in the First Schedule of the Securities Law, where such offeree is purchasing 
Securities for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). 
It is the responsibility of any person wishing to invest in the Securities to satisfy himself as to the full 
observance of the laws of the state of Israel in connection with any such investment, including obtaining any 
governmental or other consent, if required. In making an investment decision with regard to the Securities, 
investors must only rely on their own examination of the Securities, including the merits and risks involved, 
and should seek advice from appropriate advisors with respect to the legal, accounting, tax and financial 
ramifications of purchasing the Securities. 
Any Israeli Investor, which is not a Sophisticated Investor, must immediately return this document to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 814 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
814 
 
 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus or any other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or delivery and 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantors nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 815 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
815 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The following section applies to both Exempt Securities and Non-Exempt Securities. 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and operation of the Programme and issue of Securities was duly authorised by 
resolutions of the Directors of the Issuer on 1 August 2013 and the update and operation of the 
Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the Directors of the Issuer on 1 October 2021.  The 
issuance of N&C Securities under the Programme was duly authorised by a decision of the Executive 
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of the NHI Guarantor dated 6 October 2021.  The 
giving of the Guarantee by the NHI Guarantor with respect to the N&C Securities was duly authorised 
by a decision of the Executive Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of the NHI Guarantor 
dated 6 October 2021.  The giving of the Guarantee by the NSC Guarantor with respect to the N&C 
Securities was duly authorised by a decision of the Director and Senior Corporate Managing Director 
(Finance and Middle Office) of the NSC Guarantor dated 6 October 2021. The giving of the Guarantee 
by the NHI Guarantor with respect to W&C Securities will be authorised on a case by case basis by 
an executive officer of the NHI Guarantor authorised by the NHI Guarantor's Executive Management 
Board in advance of the issue of each series of Guaranteed W&C Securities and the date of such 
authorisation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) to 
approve this document as a base prospectus in respect of Non-Exempt Securities only. Application 
has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as a base prospectus 
in respect of Exempt Securities only. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the LuxSE) for Non-Exempt 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market 
(which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) and 
to be listed on the Official List of the LuxSE. Application has also been made to the LuxSE for Exempt 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the LuxSE 
(which is not a regulated market within the meaning of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) 
and to be listed on the Official List of the LuxSE. The applicable Final Terms relating to the Securities 
will specify whether such Securities are to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market, 
the Euro MTF market of the LuxSE, or any other market or no market.  It is expected that each series 
of Securities which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market 
or Euro MTF market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
Global Security or Securities initially representing the Securities of such series. The admission of the 
Programme in respect of Securities is expected to be granted on or before 11 October 2021. 
3. 
Documents Available 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, copies of the following documents listed at 3.1 below 
and, when published, the following documents listed at 3.2 and 3.3 below will be available on 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/nnextranet/en/regulatory-disclosures/, free of charge: 
3.1 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof, where applicable), of each of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors; 
3.2 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
3.3 
any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection at the registered office of the 
Principal Agent.

--- Page 816 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
816 
 
 
If the Securities are to be admitted to trading on the LuxSE's regulated market, the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the LuxSE (www.bourse.lu). If the Securities are Exempt 
Securities and are to be listed on the Euro MTF market, the applicable Pricing Supplement will be 
published on the website of the LuxSE (www.bourse.lu). Otherwise, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement for Exempt Securities will be obtainable by a Securityholder holding one or more 
Securities and such Securityholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal 
Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. 
In addition, copies of the Agency Agreement, each Guarantee and each Deed of Covenant may be 
provided by email to a Securityholder following their prior written request to the relevant Agent and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent). 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
Information relating to the form of the Securities and the relevant Clearing Systems is set out in "Form 
of the Securities" on pages 142 – 147 of this Base Prospectus. 
The address of Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm. 
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America. 
5. 
Independent auditors and Financial Statements 
The current independent auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young LLP, One Raffles Quay, North 
Tower, Level 18, Singapore 048583, who have audited the Issuer's financial statements for each of the 
two financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021. On 19 June 2012 the Issuer appointed 
Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditing firm for an unlimited period.  Ernst & Young LLP is 
registered with ACRA (Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority) which is the regulatory body 
of the accounting professionals.  In Singapore, Ernst & Young LLP is not required to be registered 
with a professional body, however, the partners and staff are members of ISCA (Institute of Singapore 
Chartered Accountants) and the partner in charge is a licensed public accountant registered with 
ACRA. 
The independent auditors of the NHI Guarantor are Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, an independent 
registered public accounting firm, who have audited the NHI Guarantor's financial statements for each 
of the two financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021. 
The independent auditors of the NSC Guarantor are Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, an independent 
auditor, who have audited the NSC Guarantor's financial statements for each of the two financial years 
ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021. 
Ernst & Young LLP has not been engaged to perform and has not performed, since the date of its audit 
report incorporated by reference herein, any procedures on the financial statements of the Issuer 
addressed in that report. Ernst & Young LLP also has not performed any procedures relating to this 
Base Prospectus. 
None of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, other than the financial statements of the 
Issuer for each of the two financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021, the financial 
statements of the NHI Guarantor for each of the two financial years ended 31 March 2020 and 31 
March 2021, and the financial statements of the NSC Guarantor for each of the two financial years 
ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021, each of which are incorporated by reference herein, has 
been audited by Ernst & Young LLP or Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC, which have no material 
interests in the Issuer.

--- Page 817 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
817 
 
 
6. 
Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 30 
June 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the NHI Guarantor 
or the Nomura Group since 30 June 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the NSC Guarantor 
since 30 June 2021. 
7. 
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 March 2021. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantors since 31 March 2021. 
8. 
Litigation 
The Nomura Group is involved in a number of actions and proceedings, which are either ordinary 
routine actions and proceedings and proceedings incidental to its business or not material to the 
Nomura Group.  Based upon the information currently available to the Nomura Group and on the 
advice received from its legal counsel, the NHI Guarantor and the NSC Guarantor believe that the 
ultimate resolution of such actions and proceedings will not, in the aggregate, have any material 
adverse effect on the Nomura Group's financial condition or results of operations nor so far as the NHI 
Guarantor and the NSC Guarantor are aware are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
However, an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the 
Nomura Group's consolidated results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarter or annual 
period. 
Save for the matters set out in the NHI Guarantor's Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2020 at 
pages F-131 to F-136, the NHI Guarantor's Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2021 at pages F-
134 to F-139 the Nomura Group is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the NHI 
Guarantor and the NSC Guarantor are aware) which may have or have had in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the NHI 
Guarantor, the NSC Guarantor and/or their subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may 
have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date of this document a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
9. 
Dividends paid by the Issuer during the last five financial years 
The Issuer has not paid any dividends during the last five financial years. 
10. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and any Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
11. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantors 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, 
the Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
12. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 818 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
818 
 
 
13. 
Yield 
The initial yield for any issue of Fixed Rate N&C Securities or Zero Coupon N&C Securities shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The initial yield for Fixed Rate N&C Securities is calculated as 
the rate of interest that, when used to discount each scheduled payment of interest and principal under 
the Securities from the respective scheduled payment dates for each such payment back to the Issue 
Date, yields amounts that sum to the Issue Price. The initial yield for Zero Coupon N&C Securities is 
calculated as the rate of interest that, when used to discount the principal payment under the Securities 
from the scheduled Maturity Date back to the Issue Date, yields an amount that is the Issue Price. 
The initial yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption 
that the Securities are not subject to early cancellation and, in the case of Credit Linked Securities, 
that no Credit Event occurs.  It is not an indication of future yield.

--- Page 819 ---
819 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
PART 1 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT N&C SECURITIES 
[Date] 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt N&C 
Securities issued under the Programme (other than Preference Share Linked N&C Securities) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) [other than[:] 
[[(i)] 
during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below[; and]] 
[[(ii)] in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s] specified in Part B below]]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ( the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has only been prepared for the purposes of use [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during 
the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period].]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA]** has been prepared [for use [in any other jurisdiction] [or] [at 
any other time]]*. Consequently, offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA [other than [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the PRIIPs 
Compliant Sales Period]]* may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
* 
Include where either a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) or a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate. 
** 
Include where neither a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) nor a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified in Part B below]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Pricing 
Supplement. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to EEA Retail Investors for a 
specified period and/or in specified EEA jurisdictions with a prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions 
and at all other times.

--- Page 820 ---
820 
 
 
 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has only been prepared for the purposes of use during the 
UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period.]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK]** has been 
prepared [for use at any other time]*. Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]* 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2] 
* 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not specified. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]/[specify alternative form of notice if required]]*** 
*** 
Insert notice if the classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  In each case the relevant 
Dealer(s) should consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
[The Base Prospectus [expires/will be updated] on [] October 2022 [and the Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus will be immediately updated thereafter]. The updated base prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/nnextranet/en/regulatory-disclosures/.]3 
 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): [    ]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount/Number of Units of Tranche] [Title of N&C Securities] 
under the Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme  
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payment and delivery obligations- 
by [Nomura Holdings, Inc.][Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.][Nomura International (Hong Kong) 
Limited]] 
[The Securities may constitute a 'securitisation' within the meaning of Regulation 2017/2402/EU (the 
Securitisation Regulation) and, if so, the Issuer relies on the exemption in Article 6(6) of the Securitisation 
Regulation.][Insert if applicable in respect of certain Credit Linked Securities] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Subject as provided in the section titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, any]4[Any] 
person making or intending to make an offer of the N&C Securities may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
                                                     
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note 
that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to UK Retail Investors for a specified period with 
a prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times. 
3  
Include in respect of issues of N&C Securities for which the offer spans an update to the Base Prospectus. 
4  
Include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend is included and the related "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 821 ---
821 
 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the N&C Securities described herein.  This document 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date[s]] (the Base Prospectus)].  Full information on the Issuer[, the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the N&C Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.   
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [5 August 2013][1 August 2014][31 July 2015][16 
September 2016][15 September 2017][14 September 2018][11 July 2019][17 April 2020][22 February 2021] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].  Any reference in the Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the relevant Global N&C Security to "relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" 
should be read as a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" or "applicable Pricing Supplement" in 
relation to the Exempt Securities represented by this Pricing Supplement. 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing 
Supplement, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[These N&C Securities are Swedish N&C Securities.][This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Swedish N&C Securities.] 
[These N&C Securities are Swiss N&C Securities.][This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Swiss N&C Securities.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote directions for 
completing the Pricing Supplement] 
[In the case of N&C Securities which are guaranteed by Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited as the 
NIHK Guarantor, specify that these are NIHK Guaranteed Securities, provide details of the terms and nature 
of the NIHK Guarantee, disclosure on the NIHK Guarantor, tax disclosure, selling restrictions and a copy of 
the guarantee within this Pricing Supplement] 
The purchase of N&C Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks 
and the merits of an investment in the N&C Securities.  Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of N&C Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the N&C Securities and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the information set forth in the Base 
Prospectus (including "Risk Factors" on pages [] to [] thereof) and this Pricing Supplement. 
[Insert any specific additional risk factors] 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Pricing Supplement, or any other information supplied in connection with the N&C 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or any Dealer. 
By investing in the N&C Securities each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to 
invest in the N&C Securities and as to whether the investment in the N&C Securities is appropriate 
or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed 
necessary.  It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or 
any Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the N&C Securities, it being 
understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the N&C 
Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the N&C

--- Page 822 ---
822 
 
 
 
Securities.  No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or any 
Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the investment 
in the N&C Securities. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding.  It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its 
own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and 
conditions and the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities.  It is also capable of assuming, and 
assumes, the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities. 
(c) 
Status of Parties.  [Neither/None of] the Issuer[, the Guarantor] [nor/and] any Dealer is acting as 
fiduciary for or adviser to it in respect of the investment in the N&C Securities. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
2. 
Guaranteed N&C Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[Guarantor: 
[Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited] [Nomura 
Holdings, Inc.] [Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.]  
(Include in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities only)] 
3. 
Type of N&C Securities: 
Qualifying debt securities: 
[Notes/Certificates] 
As at the Issue Date, the Securities [will][will not] qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax 
Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore 
[If the Securities will qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore, insert: 
Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant 
Income) from any N&C Securities which constitute "qualifying debt securities" for Singapore income tax 
purposes (Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who carries 
on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for 
qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using 
funds from that person’s operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. Any person whose 
income (including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is required to declare such 
income in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.] 
4. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[               ] 
 
[If fungible with an existing Series, include details of that Series, 
including the date on which the N&C Securities become 
fungible.] 
(iii) 
Date on which the N&C 
Securities will be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The N&C Securities will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [insert title of each relevant tranche of N&C 
Securities] issued on [insert each relevant issue date] 
[respectively] on the [Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global N&C 
Security for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security, as referred to in paragraph 41 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date]][Not Applicable] 
5. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[               ] [NB for Swedish N&C Securities insert: SEK, € or 
any other currency as may be approved by the then applicable 
CSD Rules] 
6. 
[Aggregate Nominal

--- Page 823 ---
823 
 
 
 
Amount]/[Number of Units]: 
(i) 
Series: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
[Tranche:  
[               ]] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[[               ] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
aggregate 
nominal 
amount]/[[               ][insert currency] per N&C Security] [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable)]5 
8. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[               ] 
[For N&C Securities offered in the Republic of Korea insert if 
required: For so long as the Securities remain outstanding, the 
Specified Denomination stipulated herein shall remain the same 
during the period from and including the Issue Date, to and 
including the date one (1) year following the Issue Date.] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above the minimum 
specified denomination are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed:  
"[€10,000/€100,000/specify other] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000/specify other] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€19,000/€199,000/specify other].  No Notes in definitive form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€19,000/€199,000/specify other].") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[                ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
9. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[               ] 
(ii) 
Coupon Commencement 
Date: 
[               ][Issue Date] 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): [[               ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]6/[specify other]/[See item 20(i) below (if Floating Rate 
N&C Securities)]/[See item 23(ii) below (if Reference Item 
Linked Interest N&C Securities)]/[Not Applicable] 
(NB: Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)] 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Calculation 
Basis: 
[Per Calculation Amount][Aggregate Nominal Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
(Only specify "Not Applicable" in respect of Fixed Rate N&C 
Securities and any other N&C Securities to which the provisions 
of N&C Securities Condition 6.3.4 do not apply) 
                                                     
5  
Not applicable in the case of Conditional Interest N&C Securities. 
6 
For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification and the following 
words should be added: "provided that if any Coupon Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day."

--- Page 824 ---
824 
 
 
 
10. 
Trade Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Maturity Date: 
[For Fixed Rate N&C Securities – [specify date]]/ 
[For Floating Rate N&C Securities insert – The Coupon 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to [specify month and 
year]]7/[For Reference Item Linked N&C Securities: [specify] 
and in the case of Credit Linked N&C Securities insert 
thereafter: (the Scheduled Maturity Date)] [subject as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 
6, Credit Linked Condition 7 and Credit Linked Condition 8 
(include for Credit Linked N&C Securities)]] 
(NB: The Maturity Date may need to be at least one year after 
the Issue Date.  For Reference Item Linked N&C Securities 
ensure that there is sufficient time between final valuation and 
maturity) 
12. 
Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If the Securities are Reference Item Linked N&C Securities and 
tax gross-up should apply, insert: Notwithstanding the fact that 
the N&C Securities are Reference Item Linked Securities, for 
the purposes of Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the N&C Securities, Condition 9.1.2 applies.] 
13. 
(i) 
Coupon Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[      ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other rate]] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[FX Linked Interest] 
[Commodity Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[Non-Interest bearing] 
[specify other] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(ii) 
Payment of interest on 
early redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Insert if Final Redemption Amount is other than par: See item 
[27] below] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
[Short Price Payout Linked Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
                                                     
7 
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary 
to use this option.

--- Page 825 ---
825 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
15. 
(i) 
Change of Coupon Basis 
or Redemption/ Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify details of any provision for change of N&C Securities 
into another Coupon Basis, Redemption/Payment Basis or 
cross-refer to paragraphs 19, 20 and 22 below if details are 
included there] 
(i) 
Conditions on payments: 
[Not Applicable][Insert relevant conditions, including, if 
applicable, in relation to payments to sanctioned entities] 
(N.B. Conditions on payments should not be inserted without 
prior consultation with legal counsel) 
16. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
18. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Nomura International plc]/[other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19. 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum payable [in arrear on each 
Coupon Payment Date] [specify other] (If payable other than 
annually, consider amending Condition 6) 
(Not applicable in the case of a flat coupon amount; in which 
case consider disapplying interest accrual provisions in 
relation to any Early Redemption Amount.) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
applicable to N&C 
Securities in definitive 
form: 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]8 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s) 
applicable to N&C 
Securities in definitive 
form: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Coupon Payment 
Date falling on [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)) 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 9 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
                                                     
8  
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded 
upwards". 
9 
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded 
upwards" 
9 
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities

--- Page 826 ---
826 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[specify other] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only appropriate for 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities denominated in euros) 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[                        ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual(ICMA). In such case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
(vi) 
Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities that are 
Exempt N&C Securities: 
[None/Give details] 
20. 
Floating Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not subject to 
any adjustments, as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Coupon Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/Range 
Accrual/specify other] 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Coupon 
Amount (if not the 
Principal Agent): 
[               ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(v) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 827 ---
827 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA / 
Compounded Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR] 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[          ]/ [Not Applicable] [Unless otherwise agreed with the 
[Principal Agent] / [Calculation Agent], [          ] [London 
Banking Days] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days]] (N.B. must be at least two 
such relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Coupon Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day of each 
Coupon Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking Day prior to 
the start of each Coupon Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the start of each Coupon Period]  
[Insert for SONIA–non Index Determination: Second London 
Banking Day prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon 
Period ends (but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Coupon Period)] 
[Insert for SONIA – Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the day on 
which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Coupon Period) and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for SOFR–non Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the day on which 
the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its definition is 
excluded from the Coupon Period)] 
[Insert for SOFR – Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from the Coupon Period) 
and Relevant Number means [insert number being two or 
greater]] 
[Insert for €STR: Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior 
to the day on which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Coupon Period)] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately)

--- Page 828 ---
828 
 
 
 
Rate Multiplier 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
Rate Cut-off Time: 
[]([name of city] time) 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected before their 
effective date of 4 October 2021 and confirmation from 
Structuring should be obtained) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Coupon Period) 
Compounding/ 
Averaging/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is identified 
as "Compounded Floating Rate Option" in the Floating Rate 
Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[] Applicable Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: []/[Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[] Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business 
Days]]] 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ Averaging

--- Page 829 ---
829 
 
 
 
with Observation Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback:] [[    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:] [Set-in-
Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Lockout:] [[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
[[     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days:] [[     ] [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt immediately 
below) 
Index Method: 
[Standard 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/ 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[  ]Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:]][[   
]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360

--- Page 830 ---
830 
 
 
 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[specify other] 
(xii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s), fall back 
provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other 
terms relating to the 
method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
N&C Securities that are 
Exempt N&C Securities, 
if different from those set 
out in the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[               ] 
21. 
Zero Coupon N&C Securities 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[               ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[               ] 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis 
of determining amount 
payable for Zero Coupon 
N&C Securities that are 
Exempt N&C Securities: 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
22. 
Dual Currency Interest N&C 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, insert formula/manner for determining rate or 
amount of interest payable) 
 
23. 
Reference Item Linked Interest 
N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[If applicable: 
 
The provisions of Annex [] of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for [insert applicable 
reference item] Linked Securities) shall apply. Also see item [] 
below for specific provisions relating to [insert applicable 
reference item] Linked Securities.] (Complete as applicable for 
relevant reference item)] 
(i) 
Formula for calculating 
interest rate including 
back up provisions: 
[          ]

--- Page 831 ---
831 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below, is not subject to 
any adjustment as the Business Day Convention is (iii) below as 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(NB: Ensure that interest accrual, valuation of relevant 
reference item and interest payment are tied in and that, as 
required, a postponement provision is included for payment to 
allow sufficient time between valuation and payment in the 
event valuation is postponed for a disruption) 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Dates: 
[               ]  
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:  
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify other]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Conditional Interest 
N&C Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
(N.b. Conditional interest provisions may only apply to Equity 
Linked N&C Securities and Index Linked N&C Securities)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[If Applicable and Short Price Payout N&C Securities also 
apply insert the following language: Short Price Payout N&C 
Securities Issuer Call applies] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[           ]

--- Page 832 ---
832 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each N&C 
Security and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount]/[insert alternative method 
(if any) of calculation] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods for Issuer 
Call: 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Agent) 
25. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each N&C 
Security and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount]/[insert alternative method 
(if any) of calculation] 
(iii) 
Notice periods for 
Investor Put: 
[           ] 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Agent) 
26. 
Other redemption events: 
 
(i) 
Redemption for tax 
reasons under Condition

--- Page 833 ---
833 
 
 
 
8.2: 
Notice period required for 
redemption for tax 
reasons under Condition 
8.2: 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[] days 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Agent) 
(ii) 
Issuer Regulatory Call 
under Condition 8.5: 
[If "Applicable", insert: 
Notice period required for 
an Issuer Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 8.5, Issuer 
Regulatory Call will apply automatically unless specified as 
"Not Applicable") 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[See Condition 8.5][[] days] 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 8.5][[] days]] 
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of the 
maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from the 
default number of days specified in Condition 8.5. When setting 
notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Illegality Redemption 
under Condition 8.6: 
[If "Applicable", insert: 
Notice period required for 
an Illegality Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 8.6, 
Illegality Redemption will apply automatically unless specified 
as "Not Applicable") 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[See Condition 8.6][[] days] 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 8.6][[] days]] 
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of the 
maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from the 
default number of days specified in Condition 8.6.  When 
setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Agent)

--- Page 834 ---
834 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Inconvertibility Event 
under Condition 8.13 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
N&C Security: 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount/See provisions in paragraph 
[specify relevant paragraph] below] 
(For Non Exempt Redemption N&C Securities cross refer to the 
relevant paragraph(s) below and complete the relevant sections 
in those paragraphs) 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[Specify the relevant provision of Condition 8.7 that should 
apply or specify other] (N.B. to be specified per Calculation 
Amount or number of security units, as applicable. Consider 
the provisions of Conditions 8.7 and 8.8) 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is likely 
to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal value, 
consideration should be given as to what the Early Redemption 
Amount should be.) 
29. 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If "Applicable", insert details] (N.B. if relevant, provide 
applicable fallbacks) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEM LINKED SECURITIES 
30. 
Index Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities) 
shall apply.] 
(i) 
Index/Index Basket/ 
Proprietary Index/Mixed 
Basket: 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[Insert the name of each Index and, if relevant, insert 
weightings of each Index in the Index Basket] 
[The [         ] Index is a multi-exchange Index] 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Index Currency(ies): 
[           ] (In the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Index Currency for each Index) 
(iii) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] 
[Short Price Payout N&C Securities Condition 1 applies] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the N&C Securities. [The 
Averaging Dates [in relation to the [specify relevant value, level 
or price]] are [         ].] [complete and repeat as necessary] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/ Postponement/ Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(v) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the Basket 
is [           ]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index Linked N&C 
Securities relating to a Basket) 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[           ]

--- Page 835 ---
835 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[           ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(viii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis] 
[Per Index Basis] 
[Index Business Day] 
(N.B. Index Business Day applies only in the case of a 
Proprietary Index) 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis] 
[Per Index Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day selection) 
(x) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[        ] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xi) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(xii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time 
[        ] 
(xiv) 
Final Level: 
[Index Linked Condition 1 applies]/[Insert calculation method] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Index Linked Conditions are not appropriate) 
(xv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[        ] 
(xvi) 
Observation Period: 
[        ] 
(xvii) Disruption Cut-Off Date: 
[The date [      ] Scheduled Trading Days [after the Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date or other relevant 
date, as the case may be/prior to the next succeeding day on 
which payment or delivery is to be made under the N&C 
Securities], all as more fully set out in the Index Linked 
Conditions.][Specify other] 
(xviii) Disrupted Day: 
[Index Linked Condition 1 applies]/[If a Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as the case may be, is 
a Disrupted Day, the relevant level or price will be calculated 
[insert calculation method]] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Index Linked Conditions are not appropriate) 
[If an Autocall Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
relevant level or price will be calculated [insert calculation 
method]] 
(N.B. Only applicable when Autocall Provisions apply) 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the N&C 
Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 836 ---
836 
 
 
 
(xx) 
Index Replacement 
Criteria: 
[           ][See Index Linked Condition 5] 
(xxi) 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Level: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Knock-In 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock-Out 
Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Level: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[               ] 
 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Omission][Materiality] 
(o) 
Additional 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day Disrupted 
[               ]

--- Page 837 ---
837 
 
 
 
Day provisions: 
(xxii) Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Autocall Event: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation Date: 
[      ] 
(c) 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[      %] 
(d) 
Strike Level 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[      %] 
(xxiii) Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the N&C Securities: 
Trigger Event (Closing Observation.) 
Trigger Event (Intraday Observation) 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date: 
[Index Linked Condition 8 applies]/[           ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(c) 
Trigger Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[      %] 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(f) 
Trigger Event 
intraday valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Omission][Materiality] 
(g) 
Additional 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[           ] 
 
(xxiv) Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount 
[Index Linked Condition 8 applies]/[          ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions of 
Index Linked Conditions are not appropriate)

--- Page 838 ---
838 
 
 
 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Date: 
[           ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Events: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Level: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Rate: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Specify if consequences of a Disrupted Day are other 
than as provided in the Index Linked Conditions) 
(h) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(xxv) 
Provisions for Short Price 
Payout Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 11 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Short Price Payout 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(a) 
Barrier Price: 
[          ] (NB: in case of an Index Basket or Mixed Basket, 
specify in relation to each relevant Index) 
(b) 
Short Price 
Observation 
Period: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Short Price 
Observation 
Period 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission/Postponement] 
(d) 
Dividend Amount 
Percentage: 
[          ] 
(e) 
Other provisions: 
[Insert/Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[           ] (Provide details of the Index to which the contract 
relates, the delivery month of such contract and the Futures or 
Options Exchange on which it is traded) 
(xxvii) Other terms or special 
[Not Applicable]/[           ]

--- Page 839 ---
839 
 
 
 
conditions: 
31. 
Equity Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 2 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities) 
shall apply.] 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share Basket/ 
Mixed Basket: 
[           ] 
(Insert description of the relevant share(s), in each case 
including the name of the relevant share issuer, listing venue 
and the relevant ISIN or other such security identification code 
and, in the case of Physical Delivery N&C Securities, any 
information in relation to share rights and conversion 
procedure additional to that set out in Annex 8 of the Terms and 
Conditions) 
(N.B. in the case of Physical Delivery N&C Securities, where 
any relevant share is not listed on a regulated market or 
equivalent, comprehensive information in relation to the 
relevant share issuer as set out in Appendix VIII of the Rules 
and Regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  should be 
included) 
(ii) 
Equity Currency(ies): 
[           ] (In the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Equity Currency for each Share) 
(iii) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[           ] per Calculation Amount][Short Price Payout N&C 
Securities Condition 1 applies] [Equity Linked Condition 18 
applies – i.e. if Exchangeable Equity Linked N&C Securities] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the N&C Securities. [The 
Averaging Dates [in relation to the [specify relevant value, level 
or price]] are [         ].] [complete and repeat as necessary] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply.] 
(v) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(vi) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the Basket 
is [ 
 
]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Equity Linked N&C 
Securities relating to a Basket) 
(vii) 
Exchange(s): 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Related Exchange: 
[           ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day selection) 
(x) 
Final Price: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[Insert calculation

--- Page 840 ---
840 
 
 
 
method] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[           ] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[           ] 
(xiii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[           ] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[           ] 
(xv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[           ] 
(xvi) 
Observation Period: 
[           ] 
(xvii) Disruption Cut Off Date: 
[The date [       ] Scheduled Trading days [after the Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date or other relevant 
date, as the case may be/prior to the next succeeding day on 
which payment or delivery is to be made under the N&C 
Securities], all as more fully set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions.]][Specify other] 
(xviii) Disrupted Day: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[If a Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as the case may be, is 
a Disrupted Day, the relevant price will be calculated [insert 
calculation method]]. 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Equity Linked Conditions are not appropriate) 
(xix) 
Options Exchange 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Share Substitution Criteria is [        ]] 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the N&C 
Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Initial Stock Loan Rate: [    ]] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [      ]] 
(xxii) Knock-In, Knock-Out 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ]

--- Page 841 ---
841 
 
 
 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Price: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Knock-In 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock-Out 
Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Price: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[               ] 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(o) 
Additional 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day Disrupted 
Day provisions: 
[               ] 
(xxiii) Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Autocall Event: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation Date: 
[      ]

--- Page 842 ---
842 
 
 
 
(c) 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(d) 
Strike Level 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(xxiv) Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph] 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the N&C Securities: 
[Trigger Event (Closing Observation)] 
[Trigger Event (Intraday Observation)] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date: 
 
[           ] 
[Equity Linked Condition 8 applies]/[ 
] (N.B. The second 
option is applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(c) 
Trigger Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(f) 
Trigger Event 
intraday valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Omission][Materiality] 
(g) 
Additional 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[           ] 
(xxv) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ]

--- Page 843 ---
843 
 
 
 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Date: 
[           ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[         ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Rate: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(xxvi) GDR/ADR Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
Partial Lookthrough [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Full Lookthrough [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(xxvii) Provisions for Short Price 
Payout Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 11 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Short Price Payout 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(a) 
Barrier Price: 
[          ] (NB: in case of Share Basket or Mixed Basket, specify 
in relation to each relevant Share) 
(b) 
Short Price 
Observation 
Period: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Short Price 
Observation 
Period 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission/Postponement] 
(d) 
Dividend Amount 
Percentage: 
[          ] 
(e) 
Other provisions: 
[Insert/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxviii) Provisions for 
Exchangeable Equity 
Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchangeable 
Optional 
Redemption 
[Equity Linked Condition 17 applies] [Specify other]

--- Page 844 ---
844 
 
 
 
Amount: 
(b) 
Exchange 
Formula: 
[Insert provisions and if more than one Specified Denomination 
make clear Exchange Formula in respect of each Specified 
Denomination.] 
(xxix) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[           ] 
32. 
FX Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 3 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for FX Linked Securities) 
shall apply.] 
(i) 
Currency Price: 
[           ] 
(N.B. Complete only if different from definition contained in 
Annex 3 of the Terms and Conditions (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for FX Linked Securities)) 
(ii) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[        ] 
Specified Currency/[Settlement Currency]: [                ] 
[Insert as required for each Currency Pair: 
[insert Currency Pair]: [                       ]] 
(iii) 
Reference Exchange 
Rate: 
[units of Relevant Currency] 
[per unit of Relevant Currency] 
(iv) 
Specified Financial 
Centre: 
[          ] 
(v) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[       ] per cent. 
(vii) 
Primary Rate: 
[            ] 
(viii) 
Secondary Rate: 
[            ] 
(ix) 
Settlement Rate Option: 
[            ] 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the N&C Securities.  
[The Averaging Dates are [         ].] 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[           ] 
(xii) 
Valuation Time: 
[           ] 
(xiii) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the Basket 
to ascertain the Currency Price is [          ]. 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to FX Linked N&C Securities 
relating to a Basket) 
(xiv) 
Disruption Event: 
The following Disruption Events apply to the N&C Securities: 
 
[Change in Law]

--- Page 845 ---
845 
 
 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Hedging Disruption Event] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
(xv) 
Consequence of a 
Disruption Event: 
The following fallback provisions apply to the N&C Securities: 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] 
 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
 
[Settlement Postponement] 
 
[Termination] 
(xvi) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[          ] 
(xvii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not applicable]/[           ] 
33. 
Commodity Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The provisions of Annex 4 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Relevant Commodity, 
Commodity Index, 
Basket of 
Commodities/Commodit
y Indices (including 
weighting):  
[Relevant Commodity: [●]] 
[Commodity Index: [●]] 
[Basket of Commodities/Commodity Indices: 
[●] (Include weighting)] 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
 
(a) 
Strike Date(s): 
[●], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[●], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Common Pricing: 
 
[Applicable/ 
Inapplicable] 
(Include 
only 
if 
Basket 
of 
Commodities/Commodity Indices) 
(iv) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Specify any other applicable Additional Disruption Events]

--- Page 846 ---
846 
 
 
 
(v) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not applicable]/[          ]  
Provisions in respect of Relevant 
Commodities (set out in relation to each 
Relevant Commodity) 
 
(vi) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[] (if applicable, specify Exchange) 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery Date 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[specify whether price based on spot market, First Nearby 
Month, Second Nearby Month, etc.; and set out all relevant 
provisions if Rolling Provisions apply] 
(ix) 
Price Source(s): 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Commodity Market 
Disruption Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xi) 
Additional Commodity 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] (specify)] 
(xii) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (Specify any other applicable additional Disruption 
Fallback(s)] 
(a) 
Fallback 
Reference Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Additional 
Provisions for 
Trading 
Disruption: 
[If Trading Disruption applies, specify any additional futures 
contracts, options contracts or commodities and the related 
exchange to which Trading Disruption applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Preceding 
election: 
[Applicable (Delayed Publication or Announcement and 
Postponement shall not apply) / Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Commodity Business 
Day: 
As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xiv) 
Commodity Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Proceeding] 
Provisions in respect of Commodity 
Indices (set out in relation to each 
Commodity Index) 
 
(xv) 
Index Reference Price: 
[●] [Specify: Closing Level; Settlement Price; etc. (as such term 
is used in the terms of the applicable Commodity Index)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Index Sponsor: 
(xvii) Specified Price for Index 
[●] 
[] [Settlement Price / Other]

--- Page 847 ---
847 
 
 
 
Components: 
(xviii) Price Source: 
[Specify in relation to Index Components] 
(xix) 
Commodity Market 
Disruption Events: 
Additional Commodity 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions][Other (specify)] 
 
[Not Applicable / [] (specify) (including applicability of 
proprietary index provisions, if relevant, and consider in 
particular consistency with roll provisions of the Index)] 
(xx) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (Specify any other applicable additional Disruption 
Fallback(s), including applicability of proprietary index 
provisions, if relevant, and consider in particular consistency 
with roll provisions of the Index)] 
(a) 
Additional 
Provisions for 
Trading 
Disruption: 
[If Trading Disruption applies, specify any additional futures 
contracts, options contracts or commodities and the related 
exchange to which Trading Disruption applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Preceding 
election: 
[Applicable (Delayed Publication or Announcement and 
Postponement shall not apply) / Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Index Business Day: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xxii) Index Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
34. 
Fund Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 5 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities) 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket/Mixed 
Basket: 
[           ] 
(Insert description including the ISIN or other identification 
code and trading venue, if applicable) 
[[The [ ] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund or ETF] (Include 
for ETFs) 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket to ascertain the relevant performance is [           ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. only relevant in relation to Fund Linked N&C Securities 
relating to a Fund Basket or Mixed Basket.  Otherwise, specify 
“Not Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Final Price: 
[Determined in accordance with the provisions of Annex 5 of 
the Terms and Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for

--- Page 848 ---
848 
 
 
 
Fund Linked Securities)][other] 
(v) 
Fund Currency(ies): 
[            ] (In the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Fund Currency for each Fund Interest or Fund Share, 
as applicable) 
Provisions relating to Fund Linked N&C 
Securities other than ETFs 
 
(vi) 
Fund Interest(s): 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Fund Adviser: 
[            ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(viii) 
Fund Administrator: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Relevant Holding as at 
Initial Fixing Date: 
[A number of Fund Interests equal to the Calculation Amount 
divided by the Initial Price] 
[other] 
(N.B. Only applicable where required for determination of 
Final Price and consider currency exchange. Also include 
provisions and procedures for adjusting due to any anticipated 
changes in the number of Fund Interests (e.g. due to 
equalisations or fees adjustments)) 
(x) 
Key Personnel: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(xi) 
Scheduled Fund 
Publication Date(s): 
[        ] 
(xii) 
Initial Price: 
[Determined in accordance with the provisions of Annex 5 of 
the Terms and Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Securities)][other] 
(xiii) 
Fund Valuation Date(s): 
[        ] (Include Initial Fund Valuation Date, if applicable, 
Final Fund Valuation Date and any other fund valuation dates) 
(xiv) 
Initial Fund Valuation 
Date: 
[        ] 
(xv) 
Final Fund Valuation 
Date: 
[        ] 
(xvi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions] 
(N.B. Only applicable where required for determination of the 
NAV Trigger Period) 
(xvii) Related Agreement 
Termination: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(xviii) NAV Trigger Event 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(xix) 
NAV Trigger Percentage 
[        ] 
(xx) 
NAV Trigger Period 
[        ]

--- Page 849 ---
849 
 
 
 
(xxi) 
Fund Replacement 
following Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Delay Period: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(xxiii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[        ] 
Provisions relating to ETF Linked N&C 
Securities  
 
(xxiv) Averaging: 
[The Averaging Date(s) [in relation to the [specify relevant 
value, level or price]] are [      ]/Not Applicable] [complete and 
repeat as necessary] 
(xxv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[            ] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xxvi) Initial Valuation Date: 
[            ] 
(xxvii) Final Valuation Date: 
[            ] 
(xxviii) Disruption Cut-off Date: 
[The date [] Scheduled Trading Day[s] prior to the Maturity 
Date][          ] 
(xxix) Exchange: 
[          ] 
(xxx) 
Related Exchange: 
[       ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(xxxi) Exchange Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single ETF Basis] 
[All ETF Basis] 
[Per ETF Basis] 
(xxxii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single ETF Basis] 
[All ETF Basis] 
[Per ETF Basis] 
(xxxiii) Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the N&C 
Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xxxiv) Underlying Index: 
[           ] 
(xxxv) Valuation Time: 
[Fund Linked Condition 7 applies][           ] 
(xxxvi) Options Exchange 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxvii) Fund Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Fund Share Substitution Criteria: [As per the Fund Linked 
Conditions [specify other]]]

--- Page 850 ---
850 
 
 
 
(xxxviii) 
Knock-In, 
Knock-Out Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Price: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Knock-In 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination 
Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock-Out 
Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Price: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out 
Period Ending 
Date: 
[               ] 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day 
consequences of 
a Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(o) 
Additional 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out 
Determination 
Day Disrupted 
Day provisions: 
[               ]

--- Page 851 ---
851 
 
 
 
(xxxix) Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the N&C Securities: 
[Trigger Event (Closing Observation)] 
[Trigger Event (Intraday Observation)] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
Observation 
Date: 
[           ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
Trigger 
Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[      %] 
(d) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of 
a Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(f) 
Additional 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[           ] 
 
(xl) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not appropriate) 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Date: 
[           ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[         ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
[          ]

--- Page 852 ---
852 
 
 
 
Termination 
Rate: 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(xli) 
Other terms or 
special conditions: 
[          ] 
35. 
Inflation Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
The provisions of Annex 6 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Securities) shall apply. 
(i) 
Index/Basket of 
Indices/Index Sponsor(s): 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Reference Month(s) 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [         ] [Fallback Bond] 
 
The End Date is: [          ] 
(v) 
Related Bond 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Acceleration upon 
Rebasing of Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
End Date: 
[            ] 
(xi) 
Index Description: 
[            ] 
(xii) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[           ]

--- Page 853 ---
853 
 
 
 
36. 
Credit Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[The provisions of [Condition [22.2.10][22.2.15] [22.2.16] and] 
Annex 7 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Securities (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
shall apply.][The provisions of Annex 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[See 
Condition 
22.2.10/22.2.16] 
 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
N&C Securities insert and compete the following: 
 
Tranche Attachment Level: [         ] per cent. 
 
Tranche Detachment Level: [         ] per cent. 
 
Tranche Width: [         ] per cent. (N.b. this is equal to the 
Tranche Detachment Level minus the Tranche Attachment 
Level)] 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery/Not 
Applicable (See Condition [22.2.10][22.2.15][22.2.16])]] 
(N.b. if the Securities are Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked 
N&C Securities, Zero Recovery Single Name Credit Linked 
N&C Securities or Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked N&C 
Securities specify "Not Applicable", and include the appropriate 
cross reference to Condition 22.2.10, or 22.2.15 or 22.2.16 as 
applicable) 
[If Physical Delivery applies, insert: 
The provisions of Annex 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities) shall apply in addition to [Annex 7][Annex 15] of 
the Terms and Conditions.] 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London]/[      ] 
(iv) 
Reference Entity(ies) 
[and relevant Weighting 
Percentages]: 
[          ][Specify. If applicable set out in a Table which may be 
annexed to this Pricing Supplement and in this case state: "The 
entities specified in the Table annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement" or specify by reference to a relevant credit index] 
 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C 
Securities linked to a credit index insert and complete as 
applicable: 
 
The Reference Entities and their relevant weighting percentages 
comprising the Index as at the Trade Date 
 
Index means, [          ] 
 
Index Publisher means, [          ] 
 
Index Sponsor means, [          ]]

--- Page 854 ---
854 
 
 
 
(v) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified, insert and 
complete 
as 
applicable: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated Level]] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C 
Securities insert: 
Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable if specified in the 
[Index/Table] for a Reference Entity only 
Seniority Level: As specified in the [Index/Table] for a 
Reference Entity] 
(N.b. "Standard Reference Obligation" should not be elected if 
Annex 7 applies) 
[The obligation[s] 
identified as follows: 
[           ]] 
Primary Obligor: 
[           ] 
Guarantor: 
[           ] 
Maturity: 
[           ] 
Coupon: 
[           ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[           ] 
Trading venue(s) (if 
applicable): 
[           ] 
(vi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Provisions relating to 
Qualifying 
Guarantee 
and 
Underlying 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [          ]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
– 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 14 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Linked Condition 15 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 855 ---
855 
 
 
 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod Mod R 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod R 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[other] 
Default Requirement: 
[           ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[           ] 
Credit Event Backstop 
Date Amendment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Notice of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [As defined in Credit Linked Condition 
13]/[ specify other ] 
 
Specified Number: 
[2]/[specify other]] 
(ix) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance]

--- Page 856 ---
856 
 
 
 
Additional Obligation(s) 
[None]/[specify other] 
(x) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xi) 
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Accrual of Interest Unaffected] 
N.b. If Condition 22.2.10 or 22.2.16 applies, this item (xi) and 
item (xxv) below should be specified as "Not Applicable") 
(xii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Merger Event Redemption Amount: [        ] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date:[          ]] 
(xiii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Provisions relating to 
Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity: 
Credit Linked Condition 16 [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xv) 
Provisions relating to 
LPN Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 18 [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xvi) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Credit Linked Condition 13 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable 
(see 
Condition 
[22.2.10][22.2.15][22.2.16])] 
(xvii) Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement Suspension), 
[the later of ] [(a) [        ] Business Days following the latest of] 
[the date falling [        ] Business Days following the latest of ] 
[(i) the Auction Settlement Date or the date on which the Final 
Price is determined if Cash Settlement applies or is applicable 
as the Fallback Settlement Method and (ii) the Credit Event 
Determination Date] [and (b) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[          ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[          ] Business Days; and each [         ] Business Days 
thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [         ]] 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[11 a.m. London time]/[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Quotation Amount: 
[[           ]/Representative Amount]/[Representative Amount] 
(xxiii) Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Quotation Dealers: 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 857 ---
857 
 
 
 
(xxvi) Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.b. Blended Market, Blended Highest, Average Blended 
Market and Average Blended Highest should not be elected if 
Annex 15 applies.  Weighted Highest may only be elected if 
Annex 15 applies) 
(xxvii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[           ]  
(xxviii) Fallback Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery/Not Applicable] 
[If Physical Delivery insert: 
The provisions of Annex 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities) shall apply if the Fallback Settlement Method is 
applicable] 
(xxix) Succession Event 
Backstop Date subject to 
adjustment in accordance 
with Business Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable if Annex 15 
applies) 
(xxx) 
Limitation Dates subject 
to adjustment in 
accordance with Business 
Day Convention: 
[Yes/No] [Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable if Annex 15 
applies) 
Terms relating to Physical 
Delivery 
[The following terms shall apply where Physical Delivery is 
applicable as the Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement 
Method] 
(xxxi) Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[           ] Business Days][See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxii) Accrued Interest on 
Entitlement: 
[If Annex 7 applies insert as applicable: [Include Accrued 
Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest]] [If Annex 15 applies insert: 
See the definition of "Accrued Interest" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(xxxiii) Settlement Currency: 
[           ] 
(xxxiv) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
[NB Complete for all 
Credit Linked N&C 
Securities and where 
Physical Delivery is 
neither the Settlement 
Method nor a Fallback 
Settlement Method specify 
the following: The 
following are relevant to 
determining Valuation

--- Page 858 ---
858 
 
 
 
Obligations and do not 
imply that Physical 
Settlement will occur 
under the N&C Securities 
which are cash settled 
only:] 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity:  [         ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
(N.b. "Not Contingent" may only be selected where Annex 7 
applies) 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical 
Settlement Matrix]] 
Additional Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[           ]

--- Page 859 ---
859 
 
 
 
(xxxv) Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[           ] 
(xxxvi) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxvii) Cut-Off Date: 
[           ] 
(xxxviii) 
Delivery 
provisions for 
Entitlement if different 
from Physical Delivery 
Note Conditions: 
[           ] 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement 
Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [specify  date] 
Transaction 
Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard Emerging European Corporate/Standard Latin 
America Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard Australia Sovereign/Standard New Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk 
Sovereign/Standard 
U.S. 
Municipal 
Full 
Faith 
and 
Credit/Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Revenue/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate] (Specify per Reference Entity)] 
[If the Securities are Tranched Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
N&C Securities or Zero Recovery Basket Credit Linked N&C 
Securities insert: 
For the purposes of the Reference Entities listed in the Index, 
the Transaction Type under the Physical Settlement Matrix is as 
specified in the Index. As at the Trade Date the Reference 
Entities comprising the Index are [specify each relevant 
Transaction Type from the list above]] 
(N.b. depending on the date of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
consider whether a supplement is required to amend the Credit 
Linked Conditions and/or pro forma Final Terms to reflect any 
amendments to the Physical Settlement Matrix reflected in that 
new version) 
(xl) 
Subordinated European 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]

--- Page 860 ---
860 
 
 
 
Insurance Terms: 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies this should always be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
(xli) 
Financial Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies this should always be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
(xlii) 
Reference Obligation 
Only Termination 
Amount: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 21 for Reference Obligation Only Securities relating 
to a single Reference Entity issued pursuant to Annex 15.  If 
Annex 7 applies, this should always be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
(xliii) Provisions relating to 
CoCo Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 25: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [ 
]] 
(N.b. If applicable this should be specified for each Reference 
Entity) 
(xliv) Credit Linked Business 
Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xlv) 
Provisions relating to 
Obligation 
Characteristics and 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to 
Additional Provisions for 
the Russian Federation: 
Credit Linked Condition 26: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xlvi) Provisions relating to 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations: 
Credit Linked Condition 27: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(If Applicable or if See Physical Settlement Matrix is selected, 
specify the following:) 
[Seniority Level: Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
(xlvii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[           ] [See Annex [] hereto] 
 
(xlviii) 2019 Narrowly Tailored 
Credit Event Provisions: 
Credit Linked Condition 28: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]] 
37. 
MOT N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The provisions of Annex 13 of the Terms and Conditions – 
Additional Terms and Conditions for MOT N&C Securities 
should apply]

--- Page 861 ---
861 
 
 
 
38. 
Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery/Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Delivery] 
(If Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery specified, specify 
details for determining in what circumstances Cash Settlement 
or Physical Delivery will apply) 
[The provisions of Annex 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery N&C 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Entitlement: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
Assessed Value Payment 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[           ] 
(v) 
Guaranteed Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Delivery provisions for 
Entitlement if different 
from Physical Delivery 
Note Conditions: 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Issuer's option to vary 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (N.B. Option will apply unless 
specified as Not Applicable. Specify Not Applicable in the case 
of N&C Securities which are cash settled only. If Applicable, 
complete relevant Cash Settlement provisions and, in the case 
of Credit Linked N&C Securities, consider necessary 
amendments to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities) 
(x) 
Other terms or special 
Conditions: 
[           ] 
(If N&C Securities are held through DTC, include details of 
content and delivery requirements for asset transfer (or other 
similar) notice) 
39. 
Provisions applicable to payments 
in Renminbi: 
 
(i) 
CNY Currency Event 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[Calculation Agent][Give name][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ]/[Not Applicable][See item [20(xii)][22(iv)] above]

--- Page 862 ---
862 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE N&C SECURITIES 
41. 
Form of N&C Securities: 
[Bearer N&C Securities: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer N&C Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Securities shall not be physically delivered in Belgium except 
to a clearing system, a depositary or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of 
the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] [only applicable if 
Securities are to be offered in Belgium] 
 
(N&C Securities that are determined to be permanently 
prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged 
or delivered in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. 
Persons (as defined in the N&C Securities Conditions) may only 
be issued in Bearer form.) 
 
[Registered N&C Securities: 
[Regulation S Global N&C Security registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[Rule 144A Global N&C Security registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.]] 
 
[Swedish N&C Securities: 
The Swedish N&C Securities are in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form issued in accordance with the 
provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(SFS 1998: 1479) (Sw. Lagen (1998:1479) om kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument). No global or definitive Swedish N&C 
Securities will be issued. The provisions of Annex 9 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Swedish Securities) shall apply to the 
Swedish N&C Securities.] 
 
[Swiss N&C Securities: 
The Swiss N&C Securities are issued in [bearer]/[uncertificated] 
form. The provisions of Annex 10 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Swiss Securities) shall apply to the Swiss N&C 
Securities.] 
(Include any additional terms required in respect of Swiss 
Securities, e.g. in respect of notices or provisions for meetings of 
Securityholders, or Physically Settled N&C Securities) 
42. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
43. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and not the 
end date of Coupon Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
Coupon Amount, as to which see item 20(xii) and 23(iv))

--- Page 863 ---
863 
 
 
 
44. 
Other special provisions relating 
to Payment Day: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
45. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][If yes, give details] 
46. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
N&C Securities: amount of each 
payment comprising the Issue 
Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and 
consequences of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the N&C Securities and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(NB: a new form of Temporary Global N&C Security and/or 
Permanent Global N&C Security may be required for Partly 
Paid issues) 
(NB: Partly Paid N&C Securities should not be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged or delivered in the United States or to, or 
for the benefit of, any U.S. person.) 
47. 
Details relating to Instalment 
N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(NB: Instalment N&C Securities should not be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged or delivered in the United States or to or 
for the benefit of any U.S. person.) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
48. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the terms of 
Redenomination in the Pricing Supplement)] 
49. 
Other terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. [[Insert details of any relevant third party information] has been extracted from [insert 
information source(s)].  [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the NHI Guarantor: 
By: .............................................  
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 864 ---
864 
 
 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the NSC Guarantor: 
 
By: …………………………… 
 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 865 ---
865 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(Consider whether any update to the "Taxation" section of the Base Prospectus is required or desirable in 
respect of any relevant jurisdiction.) 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be]/[is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the N&C Securities to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market]/[specify other market (other than a 
regulated market in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive)] [and listed on the Official List of the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify other]] [with effect 
from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[The N&C Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].][Need to include a 
brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
N&C Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the N&C Securities has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] and [their][its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business – amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATING TO THE RELEVANT REFERENCE ITEM[S] 
[None] [Insert details] 
(N.B. In respect of each reference item include details of where information on the reference item can 
be obtained including an indication of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
reference item can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge.) 
5. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[           ] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that stated 
in the Base Prospectus)] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
(ii) 
CUSIP: 
[           ] (Include for 144A issuance)

--- Page 866 ---
866 
 
 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(iv) 
FISN 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(v) 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/ 
The Depositary Trust 
Company and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[Euroclear Sweden AB]/give name(s) and 
number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agents: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, 6th Floor, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB /Other] 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[           ] 
(N.B. In respect of Swiss Securities include details of the 
relevant Swiss Paying Agent) 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
[Yes.  Note that whilst the designation is specified as "yes" this 
simply means that the N&C Securities are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the N&C Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the N&C Securities 
are capable of meeting the criteria, the N&C Securities may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
N&C Securities will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(N.B. Registered N&C Securities will not be ECB eligible) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
[The initial purchasers and 
[name of applicable 
permitted dealer in the 
United States] of the N&C 
The dealer for the N&C Securities is [name of applicable 
permitted dealer in the United States], acting as principal. 
[Name of applicable permitted dealer in the United States] 
does not receive any compensation for the sales in which it

--- Page 867 ---
867 
 
 
 
Securities: 
 
participates.  
(Applicable where N&C Securities are eligible for sale in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons)] 
(ii) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(iii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[           ] 
(v) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products 
and a PRIIPs KID will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute “packaged” 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID, or only intends to prepare 
and publish a PRIIPs KID during a specified period and/or in 
certain EEA jurisdiction(s), “Applicable” should be specified.  
If "Applicable" is specified but a PRIIPs KID will be provided 
during a specified period and/or in certain EEA jurisdiction(s) 
only, specify a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period and/or PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) (as relevant) below) 
[PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period: 
The period from [specify date] until [specify date][[the date 
which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue Date]] 
[PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Specify EEA jurisdiction(s) in which a PRIIPs KID will be 
made available. "All EEA jurisdictions" may be specified if 
relevant]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, a PRIIPs key information 
document will only be made available [in [the][each] PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period specified above].] 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a UK 
PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute "packaged" 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID, or only intends to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID during a specified 
period "Applicable" should be specified.  If "Applicable" is 
specified and a UK PRIIPs KID will be provided during a 
specified period only, specify a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period below)

--- Page 868 ---
868 
 
 
 
[UK PRIIPs Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
(x) 
TEFRA Compliance 
Category: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional U.S. Federal 
Income Tax considerations 
[Not Applicable][For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the 
Issuer intends to treat the N&C Securities as [fixed-rate 
debt/variable rate debt instruments/contingent payment debt 
instruments/short-term 
debt/options 
or 
warrants/prepaid 
forward contracts/a loan (or deposit) and one or more options, 
for which purposes, the Issuer will treat [          ]% of each 
coupon on a N&C Security as interest and [          ]% as option 
premium]. [The comparable yield relating to the N&C 
Securities will be [          ]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly], and the  projected payment 
schedule with respect to a N&C Security consists of the 
following payments: [          ].] [The comparable yield relating 
to the N&C Securities and the projected payment schedule are 
available by contacting [          ] at [          ].][Specify other] 
(N.b. This disclosure is only required for N&C Securities 
issued under Rule 144A.  Otherwise specify “Not Applicable”) 
(xii) 
Specified Securities for 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding purposes: 
[The N&C Securities shall [not] be treated as Specified 
Securities (as defined in the [Listing Particulars][Offering 
Circular]) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] [Based on market conditions 
on the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the N&C Securities are [not] 
Specified 
Securities 
(as 
defined 
in 
the 
[Listing 
Particulars][Offering Circular]) for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. This is a 
preliminary determination only that is subject to change based 
on market conditions on the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination.] [Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) 
of Issuer contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the N&C Securities.] 
(N.b. The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, 
further analysis would be required.) 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xiv) 
Additional selling 
restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 869 ---
869 
 
 
 
8. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[If applicable in the case of Securities referencing an index, including a credit index, include here 
any relevant index disclaimer]

--- Page 870 ---
870 
 
 
 
PART 2 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED EXEMPT N&C 
SECURITIES  
  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities issued under the Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) [other than[:] 
[[(i)] 
during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below[; and]] 
[[(ii)] in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s] specified in Part B below]]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has only been prepared for the purposes of use [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during 
the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period].]*  No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA]** has been prepared [for use [in any other jurisdiction] [or] [at 
any other time]]*. Consequently, offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA [other than [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the PRIIPs 
Compliant Sales Period]]*may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
* 
Include where either a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) or a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate. 
** 
Include where neither a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) nor a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified in Part B below]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has only been prepared for the purposes of use during the 
UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period.]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Pricing 
Supplement. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to EEA Retail Investors for a 
specified period and/or in specified EEA jurisdictions with a prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions 
and at all other times.

--- Page 871 ---
871 
 
 
 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK]** has been 
prepared [for use at any other time]*. Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]* 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2] 
* 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not specified. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]/[specify alternative form of notice if required]]*** 
*** 
Insert notice if the classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  In each case the relevant 
Dealer(s) should consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
[The Base Prospectus [expires/will be updated] on [] October 2022 [and the Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus will be immediately updated thereafter]. The updated base prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/nnextranet/en/regulatory-disclosures/.]3 
[Date] 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI):[    ]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount/Number of Units of Tranche] [Title of Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities] 
under the Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme  
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payment and delivery obligations- 
by [Nomura Holdings, Inc.][Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.]] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Subject as provided in the section titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" above, 
any]4[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Preference Share Linked N&C Securities 
described herein.  This document must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 October 2021 
[as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date[s]] (the Base Prospectus)].  Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the N&C Securities is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  Terms used herein shall be deemed 
to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
                                                     
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note 
that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to UK Retail Investors for a specified period with 
a prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times. 
3  
Include in respect of issues of Preference Share Linked N&C Securities for which the offer spans an update to the Base Prospectus. 
4  
Include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend is included and the related "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 872 ---
872 
 
 
 
Prospectus.  Any reference in the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the relevant Global N&C Security to 
"relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" should be read as a reference to "relevant Pricing 
Supplement" or "applicable Pricing Supplement" in relation to the Exempt Securities represented by this 
Pricing Supplement. 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing 
Supplement, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
THE N&C SECURITIES ARE LINKED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF AN ISSUE OF 
PREFERENCE SHARES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE N&C SECURITIES SHOULD 
ENSURE THAT THEY READ AND UNDERSTAND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES. SEE ANNEX 12 "ADDITIONAL TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED N&C SECURITIES". 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE N&C SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY 
UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE N&C SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR 
EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE N&C 
SECURITIES AS AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION.  THE N&C SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK 
AND POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A TOTAL LOSS OF THE 
PURCHASE PRICE OF THEIR SECURITIES.  SEE "RISK FACTORS" ON PAGES [] TO [] OF 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics 
denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
The purchase of N&C Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks 
and the merits of an investment in the N&C Securities.  Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of N&C Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the N&C Securities and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the information set forth in the Base 
Prospectus (including "Risk Factors" on pages [] to [] thereof) and this Pricing Supplement. 
[Insert any specific additional risk factors] 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Pricing Supplement, or any other information supplied in connection with the N&C 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or any Dealer. 
By investing in the N&C Securities each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to 
invest in the N&C Securities and as to whether the investment in the N&C Securities is appropriate 
or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed 
necessary.  It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or 
any Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the N&C Securities, it being 
understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the N&C 
Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the N&C 
Securities.  No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or any 
Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the investment 
in the N&C Securities.

--- Page 873 ---
873 
 
 
 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding.  It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its 
own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and 
conditions and the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities.  It is also capable of assuming, and 
assumes, the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities. 
(c) 
Status of Parties.  [Neither/None of] the Issuer[, the Guarantor] [nor/and] any Dealer is acting as 
fiduciary for or adviser to it in respect of the investment in the N&C Securities. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
2. 
Guaranteed N&C Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[Guarantor: 
[Nomura Holdings, Inc.] [Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.]  
(Include in the case of Guaranteed N&C Securities only)] 
3. 
Type of N&C Securities: 
Qualifying debt securities: 
[Notes/Certificates] 
As at the Issue Date, the Securities [will][will not] qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax 
Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore 
[If the Securities will qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore, insert: 
Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant 
Income) from any N&C Securities which constitute "qualifying debt securities" for Singapore income tax 
purposes (Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who carries 
on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for 
qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using 
funds from that person’s operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. Any person whose 
income (including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is required to declare such 
income in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.] 
4. 
Series Number: 
[               ] 
5. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[               ] 
 
6. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[               ] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
8. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[               ] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[                ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination which must equal the Issue Price. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations and the aggregate 
Calculation Amounts applicable to a Specified Denomination 
must equal the Issue Price of that Specified Denomination.) 
9. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[               ] 
[(ii) 
Coupon Commencement 
Date: 
[               ][Issue Date]

--- Page 874 ---
874 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[               ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]5/[specify other]/[See item 20(i) below (if Floating Rate 
N&C Securities)]/[Not Applicable] 
(NB: Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Calculation 
Basis: 
[Per Calculation Amount][Aggregate Nominal Amount][Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only specify "Not Applicable" in respect of Fixed Rate N&C 
Securities and any other N&C Securities to which the provisions 
of N&C Securities Condition 6.3.4 do not apply) 
10. 
Trade Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Maturity Date: 
The third Business Day following the Final Valuation Date. 
12. 
Reference Item Linked N&C 
Securities: 
Applicable 
For the purposes of this Pricing Supplement, Preference Share 
Linked N&C Securities shall be deemed to be Reference Item 
Linked N&C Securities. (NB: This will mean no gross-up for 
tax) 
13. 
(i) 
Coupon Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[      ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other rate] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[FX Linked Interest] 
[Commodity Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[Non-Interest bearing] 
[specify other] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(ii) 
Payment of interest on 
early redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Preference Share Linked N&C Redemption (further particulars 
specified below) 
15. 
Change of Coupon Basis or 
Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable 
 
16. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call (further particulars specified below)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
17. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Nomura International plc]/[other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18. 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum payable [in arrear on each 
Coupon Payment Date] [specify other] (If payable other than 
                                                     
2 
For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification and the following 
words should be added: "provided that if any Coupon Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Coupon Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day."

--- Page 875 ---
875 
 
 
 
annually, consider amending Condition 6) 
(Not applicable in the case of a flat coupon amount; in which 
case consider disapplying interest accrual provisions in relation 
to any Early Redemption Amount.)   
 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) applicable to 
N&C Securities in 
definitive form: 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]6 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s) 
applicable to N&C 
Securities in definitive 
form: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Coupon Payment 
Date falling on [   ]/Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed)7 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[specify other] 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only appropriate for 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities denominated in euros) 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[                        ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual(ICMA). In such case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(vi) 
Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities that are 
Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities: 
[None/Give details] 
                                                     
6  
For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities where the Coupon Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded 
upwards" 
7  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities

--- Page 876 ---
876 
 
 
 
19. 
Floating Rate N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below][, not subject to 
any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Coupon Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/Range 
Accrual/specify other] 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Coupon 
Amount (if not the 
Principal Agent): 
[               ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(v) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month] 
[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded 
Daily SOFR / Compounded Daily €STR] 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[          ]/ [Not Applicable] [Unless otherwise agreed with the 
[Principal Agent] / [Calculation Agent], [          ] [London 
Banking Days] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][TARGET2 Business Days]] (N.B. must be at least two 
such relevant days to allow clearing system payments) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Coupon Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for GBP LIBOR: First London Banking Day of each 
Coupon Period]  
[Insert for USD LIBOR: Second London Banking Day prior to 
the start of each Coupon Period] 
[Insert for Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR: Second TARGET2 
System Business Day prior to the start of each Coupon Period]  
[Insert for SONIA–non Index Determination: Second London 
Banking Day prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon 
Period ends (but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Coupon Period)] 
[Insert for SONIA – Index Determination: The day falling the

--- Page 877 ---
877 
 
 
 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the day on 
which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Coupon Period) and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for SOFR–non Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the day on which 
the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which by its definition is 
excluded from the Coupon Period)] 
[Insert for SOFR – Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the day on which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from the Coupon Period) and 
Relevant Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
[Insert for €STR: Second TARGET2 System Business Day prior 
to the day on which the relevant Coupon Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Coupon Period)] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
Rate Multiplier 
[[] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
Rate Cut-off Time: 
[]([name of city] time) 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected before their 
effective date of 4 October 2021 and confirmation from 
Structuring should be obtained) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[               ] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
Designated Maturity: 
[               ][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Coupon Period) 
Compounding/ 
Averaging/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if the Calculated Rate Style is identified 
as "Compounded Floating Rate Option" in the Floating Rate 
Matrix) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 878 ---
878 
 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[] Applicable Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: []/[Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[] Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business 
Days]]] 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Overnight Averaging/Averaging with Lookback/ Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout] 
 
[Lookback:] [[    ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[    ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:] [Set-in-
Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Lockout:] [[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
[[     ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days:] [[     ] [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts immediately below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] 
[[    ]%] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the Index Method prompt immediately 
below) 
Index Method: 
[Standard 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/ 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 879 ---
879 
 
 
 
 
[Set-in-Advance:] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[  ]Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:]][[     ]/Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Coupon Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long coupon 
period)] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed)8 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[specify other] 
 
(xii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s) 
[               ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions and 
any other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest on 
Floating Rate N&C 
Securities that are 
Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities, if 
different from those set 
out in the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[               ] 
20. 
Dual Currency Interest N&C 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, insert formula/manner for determining rate or 
amount of interest payable) 
                                                     
8  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate N&C Securities

--- Page 880 ---
880 
 
 
 
21. 
Reference Item Linked Interest 
N&C Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[If applicable: 
 
The provisions of Annex [] of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for [insert applicable 
reference item] Linked Securities) shall apply. Also see item [] 
below for specific provisions relating to [insert applicable 
reference item] Linked Securities.] (Complete as applicable for 
relevant reference item)] 
(i) 
Formula for calculating 
interest rate including 
back up provisions: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[               ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below][, not subject to 
any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(NB: Ensure that interest accrual, valuation of relevant 
reference item and interest payment are tied in and that, as 
required, a postponement provision is included for payment to 
allow sufficient time between valuation and payment in the event 
valuation is postponed for a disruption) 
(iii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[               ]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:  
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[               ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 (ICMA) 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
1/1 
Calculation/252 
RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify other]/ 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 881 ---
881 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION (N.B. The Securities must not be redeemed in part) 
22. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable (as amended by Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities Condition 3 of Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Preference Share Linked N&C Securities))/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
See Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each N&C 
Security and method, if 
any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
An amount rounded [down] to the nearest 0.01 in the Specified 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis 
as the Final Redemption Amount except that, for these purposes 
only, the definition of Preference Share Valuefinal shall be the 
Preference Share Value on the Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
(iii) 
Option Preference Share 
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[insert date], subject to the provisions contained in Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities). 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Not Applicable.  The Securities may only be redeemed in whole 
and not in part. 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Not Applicable.  The Securities may only be redeemed in whole 
and not in part. 
(v) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
See Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) 
23. 
Notice period required for 
redemption upon an Issuer 
Regulatory Call: 
[As per N&C Securities Condition 8.5, as amended pursuant to 
Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Condition 4 in Annex 
12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share 
Linked N&C Securities).]  [specify other] 
(The Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
24. 
Investor Put: 
Not Applicable 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each N&C Security: 
See provisions in paragraph 34 below. 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
As per Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Condition 4 in 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) 
27. 
Exchange Rate: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEM LINKED SECURITIES 
28. 
Index Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details)

--- Page 882 ---
882 
 
 
 
29. 
Equity Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
30. 
FX Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
31. 
Commodity Linked N&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
32. 
Fund Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
 
33. 
Inflation Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
 
34. 
Preference Share Linked N&C 
Securities: 
Applicable 
 
The provisions of Annex 12 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities) shall apply 
(i) 
Preference Share Issuer: 
[Insert name of Preference Share Issuer] 
(ii) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
See Preference Share Linked N&C Securities Condition 2 in 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) 
(iii) 
Preference Share: 
Each redeemable preference share of [] each issued by the 
Preference Share Issuer on the Preference Share Issue Date 
(iv) 
Preference Share Issue 
Date: 
[insert date which must be prior to the Issue Date for the N&C 
Securities] 
(v) 
Preference Share Value: 
means in respect of any day the fair market value of a 
Preference Share at the Valuation Time on that day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent 
(vi) 
Preference 
Share 
Valuation Date: 
[If there is no Auto-Call feature on the Preference Shares: []] 
 
[If there is an Auto-Call feature on the Preference Shares insert 
the following and ensure all possible auto-call redemption dates 
are covered: [(A)] if the Preference Shares become subject to 
redemption due to the occurrence of an auto-call event in 
accordance with their terms which is scheduled to occur [[[(i)] 
[in the year [2021], [] [2021],] [[(ii)] in the year [2022], [] 
[2022],] [[(iii)] in the year [2023], [] [2023],] [[(iv)] in the 
year [2024], [] [2024]] [or] [[(v)] in the year [2025], [] 
[2025]], or] [[(B)] otherwise []][,

--- Page 883 ---
883 
 
 
 
 
or, [in each case, ]if any date(s) for valuation of or any 
determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any 
part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such 
day is to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or adjustment 
event, the Preference Share Valuation Date shall be [the last 
occurring of] such delayed valuation or determination date(s), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
(vii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
The third Business Day following the Preference Share 
Valuation Date. 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. (London time)]/[specify other] 
(ix) 
Initial Reference Date: 
[the Issue Date] or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next 
following Business Day.  
 
(N.B. the Initial Reference Date (i.e. when the initial value of 
the Preference Shares is calculated) should not be more than 
the number of days prior to the Issue Date necessary to 
calculate the value of the Preference Shares. If this is not 
possible, use the Preference Share Shareholder Put/Issuer Call; 
in these circumstances the Initial Reference Date should be the 
Issue Date) 
(x) 
Business Day: 
[For all purposes in relation to the N&C Securities, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London [and []]]. 
 
(N.B. must match the definition of "Business Day" in the 
Preference Share terms and conditions.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE N&C SECURITIES 
35. 
Form of N&C Securities: 
Bearer N&C Securities: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer N&C Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
36. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
37. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
(for Payment Day purposes): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and not the 
end dates of Coupon Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
Coupon Amount, as to which see item 19(xii) and 22(iv)) 
38. 
Other special provisions relating 
to Payment Day: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 884 ---
884 
 
 
 
39. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][If yes, give details] 
40. 
Other terms: 
See Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked N&C Securities) [and [specify further terms if 
necessary]]. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. [[Insert details of any relevant third party information] has been extracted from [insert 
information source(s)].  [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the NHI Guarantor: 
By: .............................................  
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the NSC Guarantor: 
 
 By: …………………………… 
 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 885 ---
885 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(Consider whether any update to the "Taxation" section of the Base Prospectus is required or desirable in 
respect of any relevant jurisdiction.) 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be]/[is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Preference Share Linked 
N&C Securities to be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market]/[specify other market 
(other than a regulated market in accordance with the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive)] [and listed on the Official 
List of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify other]] 
[with effect from [].]  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[The N&C Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] [Insert details of the 
status of the relevant credit rating agency for CRA Regulation 
purposes] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
N&C Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the N&C Securities has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] and [their][its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business – amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PREFERENCE SHARES 
The Preference Share Value is expected to be published on each Business Day on [Bloomberg page 
[]] or any successor page or source as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
[ISIN/Bloomberg page/other identification code]: [] 
Preference Share trading venue: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (if Applicable, specify details) 
[insert details of Preference Share Issuer.] 
 
On receipt of proof of identity as a Securityholder, a copy of the Preference Share Issuer's 
constitutional documents and the applicable Preference Share terms and conditions are available 
(free of charge) from the registered office of the Preference Share Issuer.

--- Page 886 ---
886 
 
 
 
5. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[           ] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that stated 
in the Base Prospectus)] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[           ] 
(ii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(iii) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(iv) 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agents: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, 6th Floor, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB /Other] 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
[Yes.  Note that whilst the designation is specified as "yes" 
this simply means that the N&C Securities are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the N&C 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(include this text if "yes" selected in which case the N&C 
Securities must be issued in NGN form) 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the N&C Securities 
are capable of meeting the criteria, the N&C Securities may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
N&C Securities will then be recognised as eligible collateral

--- Page 887 ---
887 
 
 
 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
(ii) 
Name of relevant Dealer: 
[Nomura 
International 
plc]/[Nomura 
Singapore 
Limited]/[Nomura 
International 
(Hong 
Kong) 
Limited]/[Nomura Securities International, Inc.]/[Nomura 
Financial Products Europe GmbH]/ [specify other] 
(iii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to prepare and 
publish a PRIIPs KID, or only intends to prepare and publish 
a PRIIPs KID during a specified period and/or in certain EEA 
jurisdiction(s), “Applicable” should be specified.   If 
"Applicable" is specified but a PRIIPs KID will be provided 
during a specified period and/or in certain EEA jurisdiction(s) 
only, specify a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period and/or PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) (as relevant) below) 
 
[PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period: 
The period from [specify date] until [specify date][[the date 
which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue Date]] 
 
[PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Specify EEA jurisdiction(s) in which a PRIIPs KID will be 
made available. "All EEA jurisdictions " may be specified if 
relevant]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, a PRIIPs key information 
document will only be made available [in [the][each] PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period specified above].] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a UK 
PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute "packaged" 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID, or only intends to 
prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID during a specified 
period "Applicable" should be specified.  If "Applicable" is 
specified and a UK PRIIPs KID will be provided during a 
specified period only, specify a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period below) 
[UK PRIIPs Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
(vi) 
TEFRA Compliance 
Category: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional U.S. Federal 
Income Tax 
considerations: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" unless the Securities are issued 
under Rule 144A)

--- Page 888 ---
888 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Specified Securities for 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding purposes: 
[The N&C Securities shall [not] be treated as Specified 
Securities (as defined in the [Listing Particulars][Offering 
Circular]) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] [Based on market conditions 
on the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the N&C Securities are [not] 
Specified 
Securities 
(as 
defined 
in 
the 
[Listing 
Particulars][Offering Circular]) for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. This is a 
preliminary determination only that is subject to change based 
on market conditions on the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination.] [Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) 
of Issuer contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the N&C Securities.] 
(N.b. The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, 
further analysis would be required.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
(x) 
Additional selling 
restrictions 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 889 ---
889 
 
 
PART 3 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT W&C SECURITIES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt W&C 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) [other than[:] 
[[(i)] 
during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period specified in Part B below[; and]] 
[[(ii)] in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s] specified in Part B below]]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has only been prepared for the purposes of use [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during 
the PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period].]*  No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA]** has been prepared [for use [in any other jurisdiction] [or] [at 
any other time]]*. Consequently, offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA [other than [in the PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction[s]] [during the PRIIPs 
Compliant Sales Period]]* may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
* 
Include where either a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) or a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate. 
** 
Include where neither a PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) nor a PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period 
specified in Part B below]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Pricing 
Supplement. Note that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to EEA Retail Investors for a 
specified period and/or in specified EEA jurisdictions with a prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions 
and at all other times.

--- Page 890 ---
890 
 
 
[A key information document as required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has only been prepared for the purposes of use during the 
UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period.]* No key information document [required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK]** has been 
prepared [for use at any other time]*. Consequently offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK [other than during the UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period]* 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2] 
* 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is specified and tailor as appropriate.  
** 
Include where a UK PRIIPs Compliant Sales Period is not specified. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – [In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 
2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]/[specify alternative form of notice if required]]*** 
*** 
Insert notice if the classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  In each case the relevant 
Dealer(s) should consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
[The Base Prospectus [expires/will be updated] on [] October 2022 [and the Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus will be immediately updated thereafter]. The updated base prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and at 
https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/nnextranet/en/regulatory-disclosures/.]3 
[Date] 
NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI):[    ]] 
[Title of W&C Securities] 
 
under the Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payment and delivery obligations 
by Nomura Holdings, Inc.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Subject as provided in the section titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, any]4[Any] 
person making or intending to make an offer of the W&C Securities may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
                                                     
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable" in Part B of the Final Terms. Note 
that the form of legend and selling restriction also allow the manufacturer to permit sales to UK Retail Investors for a specified period with 
a prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors to apply in all other jurisdictions and at all other times. 
3  
Include in respect of issues of W&C Securities for which the offer spans an update to the Base Prospectus. 
4  
Include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend is included and the related "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 891 ---
891 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the W&C Securities described herein. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 October 2021 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date(s)] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer[, the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the W&C Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [5 August 2013][1 August 2014][31 July 2015][16 
September 2016][15 September 2017][14 September 2018][11 July 2019][17 April 2020][22 February 2021] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].  Any reference in the Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the relevant Global W&C Security to "relevant Final Terms" or "applicable Final Terms" 
should be read as a reference to "relevant Pricing Supplement" or "applicable Pricing Supplement" in 
relation to the Exempt Securities represented by this Pricing Supplement. 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing 
Supplement, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[These W&C Securities are Swedish W&C Securities.][This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Swedish W&C Securities.] 
[These W&C Securities are Swiss W&C Securities.][This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Swiss W&C Securities.] 
[These W&C Securities are SeDeX W&C Securities.][This paragraph need only be included if the Pricing 
Supplement relates to SeDeX W&C Securities.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A) or delete relevant provision. 
Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement] 
The purchase of W&C Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks 
and the merits of an investment in the W&C Securities.  Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of W&C Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the W&C Securities and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the information set forth in the Base 
Prospectus (including "Risk Factors" on pages [] to [] thereof) and this Pricing Supplement. 
[Insert any specific additional risk factors] 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Pricing Supplement, or any other information supplied in connection with the W&C 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, [the Guarantor] or any Dealer. 
By investing in the W&C Securities each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to 
invest in the W&C Securities and as to whether the investment in the W&C Securities is appropriate 
or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed 
necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer, [the Guarantor] or 
any Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the W&C Securities, it being 
understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the 
W&C Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer, [the Guarantor] or 
any Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the 
investment in the W&C Securities.

--- Page 892 ---
892 
 
 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding.  It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its 
own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and 
conditions and the risks of the investment in the W&C Securities. It is also capable of assuming, and 
assumes, the risks of the investment in the W&C Securities. 
(c) 
Status of Parties.  [Neither/None] of the Issuer, [the Guarantor] [nor/and] any Dealer is acting as 
fiduciary for or adviser to it in respect of the investment in the W&C Securities. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nomura International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
2. 
Guarantor: 
[Not Applicable][Nomura Holdings, Inc.] 
3. 
Guaranteed W&C Securities: 
 
[Yes/No] 
[If the W&C Securities are Guaranteed W&C Securities, 
insert: Date of the Guarantor's authorisation for the guarantee 
of this Series of Guaranteed W&C Securities:[    ]]  
(NB: The guarantee of W&C Securities must be authorised 
on an issue by issue basis by the Guarantor's executive 
officer's written authorisation.) 
4. 
Series number: 
Tranche number: 
[         ] 
[         ] 
5. 
Consolidation: 
The W&C Securities are to be consolidated and form a single 
series with the [insert title of relevant series of W&C 
Securities] issued on [insert issue date]. (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to W&C Securities which are fungible 
with an existing series of W&C Securities) 
6. 
Type of W&C Securities: 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
 
[Index Linked W&C Securities] 
[Equity Linked W&C Securities] 
[FX Linked W&C Securities] 
[Commodity Linked W&C Securities] 
[Fund Linked W&C Securities] 
[Inflation Linked W&C Securities] 
[Credit Linked W&C Securities] 
[SeDeX W&C Securities] 
[specify other type of W&C Security]  
 
[If the W&C Securities are Warrants, insert, as applicable: 
American 
Style 
Warrants/European 
Style 
Warrants/ 
Bermudan Style Warrants/specify other type of Warrant] 
Qualifying debt securities: 
As at the Issue Date, the Securities [will][will not] qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income 
Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore 
[If the Securities will qualify as "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 
134 of Singapore, insert: 
Where any interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost (Relevant 
Income) from any W&C Securities which constitute "qualifying debt securities" for Singapore income tax 
purposes (Relevant Securities) is derived by a person who is not tax resident in Singapore and who carries 
on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for 
qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant Securities using 
funds from that person’s operations through the Singapore permanent establishment. Any person whose 
income (including Relevant Income) is not exempt from Singapore income tax is required to declare such

--- Page 893 ---
893 
 
 
income in a return of income under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
8. 
[For Certificates and European 
Style Warrants insert: 
 
Exercise Date: 
[insert single Exercise Date], or, if such date is not an 
Exercise Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day 
[(the Scheduled Exercise Date)], [subject as provided in 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit 
Linked Condition 7 and Credit Linked Condition 9] (include 
for Credit Linked W&C Securities)]] 
[For Bermudan Style Warrants 
insert: 
 
Exercise Dates: 
[insert Exercise Dates], or, if any such date is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the applicable Exercise Date shall be the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day 
[(the Scheduled Exercise Date)], [subject as provided in 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit 
Linked Condition 7 and Credit Linked Condition 9] (include 
for Credit Linked W&C Securities)]] 
[For American Style Warrants 
insert: 
 
Exercise Period: 
From and including [         ] to and including [         ], or, if 
either day is not an Exercise Business Day, the immediately 
[succeeding] Exercise Business Day, [subject as provided in 
Credit Linked Condition 5, Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit 
Linked Condition 7 and Credit Linked Condition 9] (include 
for Credit Linked W&C Securities)]] 
9. 
Number of W&C Securities being 
issued: 
 
(i) 
[Series:] 
[          ] 
(ii) 
[Tranche:] 
[          ] 
10. 
Notional Amount per W&C 
Security (for calculation purposes 
only): 
[          ] 
11. 
Specified Currency: 
[          ] 
12. 
Issue Price: 
[          ] 
13. 
Business Day Centre: 
[          ] 
14. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
15. 
Illegality Cancellation: 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
periods for Illegality Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. In accordance with W&C Securities Condition 5.1, 
Illegality Cancellation will apply automatically unless 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 5.1][[] days] 
[See Condition 5.1][[] days]]

--- Page 894 ---
894 
 
 
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of 
the maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from 
the default number of days specified in Condition 5.1.  When 
setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Agent/New York Security Agent) 
16. 
Regulatory Cancellation: 
[If "Applicable", insert: Notice 
periods for Illegality Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. In accordance with N&C Securities Condition 5.2, 
Regulatory Cancellation will apply automatically unless 
specified as "Not Applicable") 
(i) 
Maximum period: 
(ii) 
Minimum period: 
[See Condition 5.2][[] days] 
[See Condition 5.2][[] days]] 
(N.B. A number of days need only be specified in respect of 
the maximum and minimum notice period if this differs from 
the default number of days specified in Condition 5.2.  When 
setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 5 clearing systems business days’ notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Agent/New York Security Agent) 
17. 
Inconvertibility Event under 
Condition 5.4: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash Settled)] 
[and/or] [physical delivery (Physical Delivery)]. 
 
(N.B. Swedish Securities may only be Cash Settled) 
(N.B. Rule 144A W&C Securities may only be Cash Settled) 
19. 
Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the W&C Securities. 
20. 
Cash Settled W&C Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[As per Condition 3.2]/[Other (Insert details of how Cash 
Settlement Amount is to be calculated)] 
(ii) 
Settlement Date: 
[As per Condition 3.6]/[Other (specify)] 
(iii) 
Settlement Price: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[         ] [NB for Swedish W&C Securities insert: SEK, € or 
any other currency as may be approved by the then 
applicable CSD Rules] 
(v) 
Exchange Rate: 
The Exchange Rate for conversion of any amount into the 
relevant settlement currency for the purposes of determining 
the Cash Settlement Amount is [       ]. (N.B. if relevant, 
provide applicable fallbacks)

--- Page 895 ---
895 
 
 
(vi) 
Multiplier: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only applicable in 
relation to Cash Settled W&C Securities relating to a Basket) 
[If applicable insert: The Multiplier to be applied to each 
item comprising the basket to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is[  ].] 
21. 
Physical Delivery W&C Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Entitlement: 
The Entitlement (as defined in Condition 3) in relation to 
each W&C Security is [         ]. 
 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert details of how 
the Entitlement will be evidenced]. 
 
The Entitlement will be delivered [insert details of the 
method of delivery of the Entitlement]. 
 
(N.B. sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) only applicable in relation 
to Physical Delivery W&C Securities that are not Credit 
Linked W&C Securities) 
(iii) 
Method of Delivery of 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Collection Notice Cut-Off 
Date: 
[         ] 
(vi) 
Settlement Date: 
[         ] 
(vii) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Settlement Currency: 
The Settlement Currency for the payment of [the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price / the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price / the Assessed Value Payment Amount] is [  ]. 
22. 
Additional Amounts 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
 
(i) 
Additional Amount: 
[Insert details of calculation method] 
(ii) 
Additional Amount 
Payment Date(s): 
[      ] 
(iii) 
Applicability of Early 
Additional Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of W&C Securities which are 
either American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
(iv) 
Early Additional Amount: 
[Insert details of calculation method] 
(v) 
Other terms or special 
conditions relating to 
Additional Amounts: 
[      ] 
23. 
Early Cancellation Amount: 
[As per Condition 5.2]/[Other (specify)] 
24. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Nomura International plc]/[other]

--- Page 896 ---
896 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
WARRANTS 
 
25. 
Type of Warrants: 
[Call/Put] Warrants 
26. 
Exercise Price: 
The Exercise Price per Warrant is []. (N.B. in the case of 
Index Linked Warrants, this should be expressed as a 
monetary value)  
27. 
Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic exercise [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. 
(N.B. Automatic exercise will always apply to Swedish 
Warrants) 
28. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised on 
any day by any Holder is [    ] [and Warrants may only be 
exercised in integral multiples of [     ] Warrants in excess 
thereof].][Not Applicable] (N.B. not applicable for European 
Style Warrants) 
29. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that must be exercised 
on any day by any Holder or group of Holders (whether or 
not acting in concert) is [    ].][Not Applicable] (N.B. not 
applicable for European Style Warrants) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TYPE OF 
W&C SECURITIES  
 
30. 
Index Linked W&C Securities: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Index/Index Basket/Index 
Sponsor(s)/Proprietary 
Index/ Mixed Basket: 
[         ] 
[The [      ] Index is a multi-exchange Index] 
 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Index Currency(ies): 
[         ] (In the case of an Index Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Index Currency for each Index) 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the W&C Securities 
[The Averaging Dates [in relation to the [specify relevant 
value, level or price]] are [         ].] [complete and repeat as 
necessary] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
(v) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket is [     ]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index 
Linked W&C Securities relating to a Basket) 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[        ] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[         ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(viii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis]

--- Page 897 ---
897 
 
 
[Per Index Basis] 
[Index Business Day] 
(N.B. Index Business Day applies only in the case of a 
Proprietary Index) 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis] 
[All Indices Basis] 
[Per Index Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day selection) 
(x) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[      ] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xi) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[         ] 
(xii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[         ] 
(xiii) 
Final Level: 
[Index Linked Condition 5 applies]/[Insert calculation 
method] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Index Linked Conditions are not appropriate) 
(xiv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[         ] 
(xv) 
Observation Period: 
[         ] 
(xvi) 
Disruption Cut-Off Date: 
[The date [        ] Scheduled Trading Days [after the Valuation 
Date, an Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as the case 
may be/prior to the next succeeding day on which payment or 
delivery is to be made under the Securities.]][Specify other] 
(xvii) Disrupted Day: 
[Index Linked Condition 5 applies]/[If the Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as the case may be, 
is a Disrupted Day, the relevant level or price will be 
calculated [insert calculation method]]. 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Index Linked Conditions are not appropriate) 
(xviii) Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
W&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xix) 
Index Replacement Criteria: 
[           ][See Index Linked Condition 5] 
(xx) 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
[Knock-In 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Level: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ]

--- Page 898 ---
898 
 
 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Knock-In Valuation 
Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock- Out Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Level: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out Determination 
Day consequences 
of a Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Omission][Materiality] 
(o) 
Additional Knock-
In/Knock-Out 
Determination Day 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[               ] 
(xxi) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Autocall Event: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation Date: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Barrier Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(d) 
Strike Level 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(xxii) Trigger Event Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the W&C Securities: 
[Trigger Event (Closing Observation)] 
[Trigger Event (Intraday Observation)] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
[           ]

--- Page 899 ---
899 
 
 
Observation Date: 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(c) 
Trigger Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Trigger Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(f) 
Trigger Event 
intraday valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Omission][Materiality] 
(g) 
Additional Trigger 
Event Observation 
Date Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[           ] 
(xxiii) Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Events: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Level: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Rate: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Specify if consequences of a Disrupted Day are other 
than as provided in the Index Linked Conditions) 
(h) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(xxiv) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[          ]

--- Page 900 ---
900 
 
 
31. 
Equity Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 2 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
Basket/Mixed Basket: 
[         ] 
(Insert description of the relevant share(s), in each case 
including the name of the relevant share issuer, listing venue 
and the relevant ISIN or other such security identification 
code, and in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any 
information in relation to share rights and conversion 
procedure additional to that set out in Condition 3.3.) 
(N.B. in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, where any 
relevant share is not listed on a regulated market or 
equivalent, comprehensive information in relation to the 
relevant share issuer as set out in Appendix VIII of the Rules 
and Regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  should 
be included) 
(ii) 
Equity Currency(ies): 
[         ] (In the case of a Share Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Equity Currency for each Share) 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the W&C Securities 
[The Averaging Dates [in relation to the [specify relevant 
value, level or price]] are [         ].] [complete and repeat as 
necessary] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(iv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
 
[All Share Basis] 
 
[Per Share Basis] 
(v) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket is [      ]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Linked W&C Securities relating to a Basket or mixed basket) 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[        ] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[       ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(viii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis] 
[All Share Basis] 
[Per Share Basis] 
(N.B. needs to follow Scheduled Trading Day selection) 
(ix) 
Final Price: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[Insert calculation 
method] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Securities are not appropriate)

--- Page 901 ---
901 
 
 
(x) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[        ] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xi) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[       ] 
(xii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[       ] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[       ] 
(xiv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] 
(xv) 
Observation Period: 
[       ] 
(xvi) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Equity Linked Condition 6 applies]/[If a Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as the case may be, 
is a Disrupted Day, the relevant price will be calculated 
[insert calculation method]] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities 
are not appropriate). 
(xvii) Disruption Cut-Off Date 
[The date [    ] Scheduled Trading days [after the relevant 
Valuation Date, an Averaging Date or an Observation Date, as 
the case may be/prior to the next succeeding day on which 
payment or delivery is to be made under the 
Securities.]][Specify other] 
(xviii) Options Exchange 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Share Substitution Criteria is [        ].] 
(xx) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
W&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Initial Stock Loan Rate: [       ]] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [      ]] 
(xxi) 
Knock-In, Knock-Out 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-In 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Price: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
[               ]

--- Page 902 ---
902 
 
 
Ending Date: 
(f) 
Knock-In Valuation 
Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Price: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out Determination 
Day consequences 
of a Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(o) 
Additional Knock-
In/Knock-Out 
Determination Day 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[               ] 
(xxii) Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph] 
(a) 
Autocall Event: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Autocall 
Observation Date: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Barrier Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(d) 
Strike Level 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(xxiii) Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the W&C Securities: 
[Trigger Event (Closing Observation)] 
[Trigger Event (Intraday Observation)] 
[specify other]

--- Page 903 ---
903 
 
 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date: 
 
[           ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(c) 
Trigger Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Trigger Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(f) 
Trigger Event 
intraday valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(g) 
Additional Trigger 
Event Observation 
Date Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[            ] 
(xxiv) Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities are not 
appropriate) 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Date: 
[            ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[            ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Rate: 
[            ] 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[            ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[            ] 
(xxv) 
GDR/ADR Linked W&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
Partial Lookthrough [applicable/not applicable]

--- Page 904 ---
904 
 
 
 
Full Lookthrough [applicable/not applicable] 
(xxvi) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[         ] 
32. 
FX Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 3 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for FX Linked Securities) 
shall apply] 
 
(i) 
Currency Price: 
[            ] 
(N.B. Complete only if different from definition contained in 
Annex 3 of the Terms and Conditions – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for FX Linked Securities) 
(ii) 
FX Price Source(s): 
(iii) 
Reference Exchange Rate: 
[            ] 
 
[units of Relevant Currency] 
per 
[unit of Relevant Currency] 
(iv) 
Specified Financial 
Centre(s): 
[            ] 
(v) 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[         ] per cent. 
(vi) 
Primary Rate: 
(vii) 
Secondary Rate: 
[            ] 
[            ] 
Settlement Rate Option: 
 
Averaging: 
[            ] 
Valuation Date: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the W&C Securities.  
[The Averaging Dates are [         ].] [In the event that an 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement] 
shall apply.] 
[            ] 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[            ] 
(ix) 
Weighting: 
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket to ascertain the Currency Price is [       ]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to FX Linked Securities 
relating to a Basket) 
(x) 
Disruption Event 
The following Disruption Events apply to the Securities: 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Hedging Disruption Event]

--- Page 905 ---
905 
 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality] 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
(xi) 
Consequence of a 
Disruption Event: 
The following fallback provisions apply to the Securities: 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] 
 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
 
[Settlement Postponement] 
 
[Termination] 
(xii) 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[          ] 
33. 
Commodity Linked W&C 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 4 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Relevant Commodity, 
Commodity Index, Basket 
of 
Commodities/Commodity 
Indices (including 
weighting):  
[Relevant Commodity: [  ]] 
[Commodity Index: [  ]] 
[Basket of Commodities/Commodity Indices: 
[  ] (include weighting)] 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
 
(a) 
Strike Date(s): 
[  ], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[  ], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[  ], subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/ Inapplicable] (include only if Basket of 
Commodities/Commodity Indices) 
(iv) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Specify any other applicable Additional Disruption Events] 
(v) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[           ]

--- Page 906 ---
906 
 
 
Provisions in respect of Relevant 
Commodities (set out in relation to each 
Relevant Commodity) 
 
(vi) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[  ] (if applicable, specify Exchange) 
(vii) 
Specified Price: 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Delivery Date 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
[specify whether price based on spot market, First Nearby 
Month, Second Nearby Month, etc.; and set out all relevant 
provisions if Rolling Provisions apply] 
(ix) 
Price Source(s): 
[   / [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Commodity Market 
Disruption Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xi) 
Additional Commodity 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] (specify)] 
(xii) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (Specify any other applicable additional Disruption 
Fallback(s)] 
(a) 
Fallback Reference 
Price: 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Additional 
Provisions for 
Trading Disruption: 
[If Trading Disruption applies, specify any additional futures 
contracts, options contracts or commodities and the related 
exchange to which Trading Disruption applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Preceding election: 
[Applicable (Delayed Publication or Announcement and 
Postponement shall not apply) / Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Commodity Business Day: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xiv) 
Commodity Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
Provisions in respect of Commodity Indices 
(set out in relation to each Commodity 
Index) 
 
(xv) 
Index Reference Price: 
[  ] [Specify: Closing Level; Settlement Price; etc. (as such 
terms are set out in the terms of the Commodity Index)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Index Sponsor: 
(xvii) Specified Price for Index 
Components: 
[  ] 
[  ] [Settlement Price / Other] 
(xviii) Price Source: 
[Specify in relation to Index Components] 
(xix) 
Commodity Market 
Disruption Events 
Additional Commodity 
Market Disruption Events: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Not Applicable / [  ] (specify) (including applicability of 
proprietary index provisions, if relevant, and consider in

--- Page 907 ---
907 
 
 
particular consistency with roll provisions of the Index))  
(xx) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (Specify any other applicable additional Disruption 
Fallback(s), including applicability of proprietary index 
provisions, if relevant, and consider in particular consistency 
with roll provisions of the Index)] 
(a) 
Additional 
Provisions for 
Trading Disruption: 
[If Trading Disruption applies, specify any additional futures 
contracts, options contracts or commodities and the related 
exchange to which Trading Disruption applies] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Preceding election: 
[Applicable (Delayed Publication or Announcement and 
Postponement shall not apply) / Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Index Business Day: 
[As per the Commodity Linked Conditions] 
[Other (specify)] 
(xxii) Index Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
34. 
Fund Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 5 of the Terms and Conditions – 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
shall apply [and for these purposes the Securities are Type A 
Fund Linked W&C Securities]. (Insert if applicable)] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket/Mixed 
Basket: 
[           ] 
(Insert description including the ISIN or other identification 
code and trading venue, if applicable) 
[[     ] (the Initial Reference ETF) with Bloomberg Code: 
[     ] and ISIN [     ] and [     ] (the Final Reference ETF) 
with Bloomberg Code: [     ] and ISIN [     ]. Both the Initial 
Reference ETF and the Final Reference ETF are Exchange 
Traded Funds or ETFs.] (Include for Type A Fund Linked 
W&C Securities) 
[The [     ] Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund or an ETF.] 
(Include for ETFs) 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
The weighting of each item comprising the Basket to 
ascertain the relevant performance is [       ] (N.B. only 
applicable in relation to Fund Linked W&C Securities 
relating to a Fund Basket or Mixed Basket) 
[The Underlying Index for each ETF: [       ]] (Include for 
ETFs) 
(iii) 
Final Price:  
[Determined in accordance with Annex 5 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Linked Securities)][other] 
(iv) 
Fund Currency(ies): 
[          ] (In the case of a Fund Basket or a Mixed Basket, 
specify Fund Currency for each Fund Interest or Fund Share, 
as applicable) 
(v) 
Other terms or special 
[           ]

--- Page 908 ---
908 
 
 
conditions: 
Provisions relating to Fund Linked W&C 
Securities other than ETFs 
 
(vi) 
Fund Interest: 
[           ] 
(vii) 
Fund Adviser: 
[Fund Linked Condition 2 applies]/[            ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(viii) 
Fund Administrator: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Relevant Holding as at 
Initial Fixing Date: 
[A number of Fund Interests equal to the Notional Amount 
per W&C Security divided by the Initial Price] 
[other] 
(N.B. Only applicable where required for determination of 
Final Price and consider currency exchange. Also include 
provisions and procedures for adjusting due to any 
anticipated changes in the number of Fund Interests (e.g. due 
to equalisation or fees adjustments)) 
(x) 
Key Personnel: 
[Fund Linked Condition 2 applies]/[            ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(xi) 
Scheduled Fund Publication 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
(xii) 
Initial Price: 
[Determined in accordance with Annex 5 of the Terms and 
Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Linked Securities)][other] 
(xiii) 
Fund Valuation Date(s): 
[        ] (Include Initial Fund Valuation Date, if applicable, 
Final Fund Valuation Date and any other fund valuation 
dates) 
(xiv) 
Initial Fund Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(xv) 
Final Fund Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(xvi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions] 
(N.B. Only applicable where required for determination of 
the NAV Trigger Period) 
(xvii) Related Agreement 
Termination: 
[Fund Linked Condition 3 applies]/[            ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(xviii) NAV Trigger Event: 
[Fund Linked Condition 3 applies]/[       ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
(xix) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[          ] 
(xx) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[          ]

--- Page 909 ---
909 
 
 
(xxi) 
Fund Replacement 
following Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Delay Period: 
[Fund Linked Condition 5 applies]/[        ] 
(N.B. The second option is applicable where provisions in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities 
are not appropriate) 
Provisions relating to ETF Linked W&C 
Securities 
 
(xxiii) Averaging: 
[The Averaging Date(s) [in relation to the [specify relevant 
value, level or price]] are [      ]/Not Applicable] [complete 
and repeat as necessary] 
(xxiv) Valuation Date(s): 
[ 
] (Include Initial Valuation Date, if applicable, Final 
Valuation Date and any other valuation dates) 
(xxv) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[ 
] 
(xxvi) Final Valuation Date: 
[ 
] 
(xxvii) Disruption Cut-off Date: 
[          ] 
(xxviii) Exchange: 
[          ] [Fund Linked Condition 7 applies] 
(xxix) Related Exchange: 
[       ]/[All Exchanges]/[Hedging Exchanges] 
(xxx) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single ETF Basis] 
[All ETFs Basis] 
[Per ETF Basis] 
(xxxi) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single ETF Basis] 
[All ETFs Basis] 
[Per ETF Basis] 
(xxxii) Additional Disruption 
Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
W&C Securities: 
[Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xxxiii) Underlying Index: 
[           ] 
(xxxiv) Valuation Time: 
[ 
] 
(xxxv) Options Exchange 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxvi) Fund Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable insert: Fund Share Substitution Criteria: [As 
per the Fund Linked Conditions / other (specify)] 
(xxxvii) Knock-In, Knock-Out 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 910 ---
910 
 
 
(a) 
Knock-In 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(b) 
Knock-In Event: 
[               ] 
(c) 
Knock-In Price: 
[               ] 
(d) 
Knock-In Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(e) 
Knock-In Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(f) 
Knock-In Valuation 
Time: 
[               ] 
(g) 
Knock-Out 
Determination Day: 
[               ] 
(h) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[               ] 
(i) 
Knock-Out Price: 
[               ] 
(j) 
Knock-Out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[               ] 
(k) 
Knock-Out Period 
Ending Date: 
[               ] 
(l) 
Knock-Out 
Valuation Time: 
[               ] 
(m) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out Determination 
Day consequences 
of a Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(n) 
Knock-In/Knock-
Out intraday 
valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(o) 
Additional Knock-
In/Knock-Out 
Determination Day 
Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[               ] 
 
(xxxviii) 
Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Trigger Event: 
The following Trigger Events apply to the W&C Securities: 
[Trigger Event (Closing Observation)] 
[Trigger Event (Intraday Observation)] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date: 
[           ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities are not

--- Page 911 ---
911 
 
 
appropriate) 
(c) 
Trigger Event 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Trigger Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
(e) 
Trigger Event 
Observation Date 
consequences of a 
Disrupted Day: 
[Omission][Postponement] 
(f) 
Trigger Event 
intraday valuation 
consequences of 
disruption: 
[Materiality][Omission] 
(g) 
Additional Trigger 
Event Observation 
Date Disrupted Day 
provisions: 
[           ] 
 
(xxxix) Mandatory Early 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Amount 
[          ] 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions of Fund Linked 
Conditions are not appropriate) 
(b) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[            ] 
(c) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Date: 
[           ] 
(d) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Events: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Level: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination Rate: 
[          ] 
(g) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Date: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Specify if consequences of a Disrupted Day are other 
than as provided in the Index Linked Conditions) 
(h) 
Mandatory Early 
Termination 
Valuation Time: 
[          ] 
Provisions relating to Type A Fund Linked 
W&C Securities 
 
(xl) 
Fixed Spread: 
[ 
] 
(xli) 
Exercise Date: 
[ 
]

--- Page 912 ---
912 
 
 
(xlii) 
Initial Reference Fund 
Exchange: 
[ 
] 
(xliii) 
Final Reference Fund 
Exchange: 
[ 
] 
(xliv) 
Initial Reference Fund 
Related Exchange: 
[ 
] 
(xlv) 
Final Reference Fund 
Related Exchange: 
[ 
] 
35. 
Inflation Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
[The provisions of Annex 6 of the Terms and Conditions 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Reference Month(s): 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [           ] [Fallback Bond] 
 
The End Date is: [         ] 
(v) 
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[           ] 
(viii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[           ] 
(ix) 
Acceleration upon Rebasing 
of Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
End Date: 
[            ] (N.B. consider whether a single date is appropriate 
for all Securities if other than Certificates or European Style 
Warrants) 
(xi) 
Index Description: 
[            ] 
(xii) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[          ]  
36. 
Credit Linked W&C Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[The provisions of Annex 7 of the Terms and Conditions – 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities 
(2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) shall 
apply.][The provisions of Annex 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions

--- Page 913 ---
913 
 
 
Version) shall apply] 
(i) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[[         ]/According to the following method: [         ]] 
(Insert either the amount in the Specified Currency or method 
for calculation) 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement/Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery] 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[          ] 
(v) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified, insert and 
complete 
as 
applicable: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated Level]] 
 
(N.b. "Standard Reference Obligation" should not be elected 
if Annex 7 applies) 
[The obligation[s] identified 
as follows: 
[          ] 
Primary Obligor: 
[          ] 
Guarantor: 
[          ] 
Maturity: 
[          ] 
Coupon: 
[          ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[          ] 
Trading venue(s) (if 
applicable): 
[          ]] 
(vi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Provisions relating 
to Qualifying Guarantee and Underlying Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [          ]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
– 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
15 
[Applicable/Not

--- Page 914 ---
914 
 
 
Applicable] 
 
– 
[Insert 
and 
complete 
if 
Annex 
7 
applies: 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 7 applies: Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod R 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Mod Mod 
R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[other] 
Default Requirement: 
[          ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Notice of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[          ] 
 
Specified Number: 
[          ]] 
(ix) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 915 ---
915 
 
 
(x) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[          ] 
(xi) 
Accrual of Additional 
Amounts upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Accrual of Interest Unaffected] 
(xii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Merger Event Redemption Amount: [        ] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date:[          ]] 
(xiii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Provisions relating to 
Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity: 
Credit Linked Condition 16 [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xv) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 18 [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(xvi) 
Cancellation on failure to 
identify a Substitute 
Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(xvii) Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies]/[          ] per W&C 
Security 
(xviii) Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement 
Suspension), [the later of ] [(a) [        ] Business Days 
following the latest of] [the date falling [        ] Business Days 
following the latest of ] [(i) the Auction Settlement Date or 
the date on which the Final Price is determined if Cash 
Settlement applies or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method and (ii) the Credit Event Determination Date] [and 
(b) the Scheduled Exercise Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[          ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[          ] Business Days; and each [         ] Business Days 
thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [         ]] 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[11a.m. London time] [         ] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] 
(xxii) Quotation Amount: 
[[         ]/Representative Amount] 
(xxiii) Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(xxiv) Quotation Dealers: 
[         ] 
(xxv) 
[Insert if Annex 7 applies: 
Quotations:][Insert if Annex 
15 applies: Accrued 
Interest:] 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest]

--- Page 916 ---
916 
 
 
(xxvi) Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
 
(N.b. Blended Market, Blended Highest, Average Blended 
Market and Average Blended Highest should not be elected if 
Annex 15 applies.  Weighted Highest may only be elected if 
Annex 15 applies) 
(xxvii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[             ] [See Annex [] hereto] 
(xxviii) Fallback Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery] 
(xxix) Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxx) 
Succession Event Backstop 
Date subject to adjustment 
in accordance with Business 
Day Convention: 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable if Annex 15 
applies) 
(xxxi) Limitation Dates subject to 
adjustment in accordance 
with Business Day 
Convention: 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] [specify Not Applicable if Annex 15 
applies) 
(xxxii) Physical Settlement Period: 
[             ] Business Days 
(xxxiii) Accrued Interest on 
Entitlement: 
[If Annex 7 applies insert as applicable: [Include Accrued 
Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest]][If Annex 15 applies 
insert: See the definition of "Accrued Interest" in Credit 
Linked Condition 2)] 
(xxxiv) Settlement Currency: 
[             ] 
(xxxv) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
 
(select one only) 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify currency][Standard Specified Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency]

--- Page 917 ---
917 
 
 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [         ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
(N.b. "Not Contingent" may only be selected where Annex 7 
applies) 
 
[Insert and complete if Annex 15 applies: Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical 
Settlement Matrix] (N.b. where more than one Reference 
Entity consider whether this needs to be specified on a per 
Reference Entity basis)] 
Additional Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[          ] 
(xxxvi) Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[          ] 
(xxxvii) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxviii) 
Exercise Cut-Off 
Date: 
[       ] 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [22 September 
2014/specify other] 
Transaction 
Type: 
[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard European 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging European Corporate 
LPN/Standard Emerging European Corporate/Standard Latin 
America Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard Japan 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial 
Corporate/Standard Western European Sovereign/Standard 
Latin America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia

--- Page 918 ---
918 
 
 
Sovereign/Standard New Zealand Sovereign/Standard Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate] (Specify per Reference Entity)] 
(N.b. if a version Physical Settlement Matrix other than that 
of 22 September 2014 is to be used consider whether a 
supplement is required to amend the Credit Linked 
Conditions and/or pro forma Final Terms to reflect any 
amendments to the Physical Settlement Matrix reflected in 
that new version) 
(xl) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies this should always be specified as 
"Not Applicable") 
(xli) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(N.b. if Annex 7 applies this should always be specified as 
"Not Applicable") 
(xlii) 
Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 21 for Reference Obligation Only Securities 
relating to a single Reference Entity issued pursuant to Annex 
15.  If Annex 7 applies, this should always be specified as 
"Not Applicable") 
(xliii) Provisions relating to CoCo 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 25: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [ 
]] 
(N.b. Consider whether this should be specified per 
Reference Entity) 
(xliv) Credit Linked Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xlv) 
Provisions relating to 
Obligation Characteristics 
and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to 
Additional Provisions for 
the Russian Federation: 
Credit Linked Condition 26: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xlvi) Provisions relating to 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations: 
Credit Linked Condition 27: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify the following:) 
[Seniority Level: Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
(xlvii) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[          ] 
(xlviii) 2019 Narrowly Tailored 
Credit Event Provisions 
Credit Linked Condition 28: [Applicable/Not Applicable/See 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]

--- Page 919 ---
919 
 
 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]] 
37. 
Provisions applicable to payments 
in Renminbi : 
 
(i) 
CNY Currency Event 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[Calculation Agent][Give name][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
 
38. 
Form of W&C Securities: 
[The W&C Securities are to be issued into and transferred 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.]  
 
[Registered Form:  Permanent Global W&C Security  
 
The W&C Securities[, the Guarantee] [and the Entitlement] 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or under any state securities laws and the W&C 
Securities may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered, exercised or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at 
any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, (a) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) (Regulation S), (b) a person other than a 
"Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the CEA) (c) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive 
Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), or the 
final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the 
Registration 
Thresholds 
and 
Certain 
Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the 
CEA, (d) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be 
defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted 
under the CEA, or (e) a "United States person" as defined in 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended and the United States Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may 
be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time 
(each such person, a U.S. Person). Furthermore, the W&C 
Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or 
options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the W&C 
Securities has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to 
the CEA, and no U.S. Person may at any time trade or 
maintain a position in the W&C Securities.  For a description 
of the restrictions on offers and sales of W&C Securities, see 
"Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Securities and Transfer 
Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Each initial purchaser of the W&C Securities and each 
subsequent purchaser or transferee of the W&C Securities 
shall be deemed to have agreed with the Issuer or the seller of 
such Securities that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell

--- Page 920 ---
920 
 
 
or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Securities so purchased 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. Person and (ii) it is not 
purchasing any W&C Securities for the account or benefit of 
any U.S. Person.] 
 
(N.B. W&C Securities that are determined to be permanently 
prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, 
pledged or delivered in the United States or to, or for the 
benefit of, U.S. Persons may only be issued as Permanent 
Global W&C Securities.) 
 
OR 
 
[Registered Form:  Regulation S Global W&C Security] 
 
OR 
 
[Registered Form: Rule 144A Global W&C Security 
The W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United States 
to QIBs who are also QPs or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons who are QIBs and also QPs and are to be 
settled through DTC.] 
 
OR 
 
[Swedish W&C Securities: 
The Swedish Securities are to be issued into and cleared 
through the Swedish CSD.  
 
The Swedish Securities will be issued in dematerialised and 
uncertificated book entry form in accordance with the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (in Swedish: 
lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
The provisions of Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Swedish Securities) shall apply to the Swedish W&C 
Securities.] 
(Insert provisions relating to exercise and settlement as 
agreed between the Issuer and the Swedish Certificate Agent) 
 
OR 
 
[Swiss W&C Securities: 
The Swiss W&C Securities are issued in [global]/ 
[uncertificated] form. The provisions of Annex 10 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Swiss Securities) shall 
apply to the Swiss W&C Securities.] 
(Include any additional terms required in respect of Swiss 
Securities, e.g. in respect of notices, provisions for meetings 
of Securityholders or the exercise procedure relating to Swiss 
W&C Securities which are (i) European Style Warrants in 
respect of which "Automatic Exercise" is not applicable, (ii) 
Bermudan Style Warrants (iii) American Style Warrants or 
(iv) Physically Settled W&C Securities) 
39. 
Other terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Minimum Exercise Size: [  ]

--- Page 921 ---
921 
 
 
[The provisions of Annex 14 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for SeDeX W&C Securities) will apply] 
Trading Code of Borsa Italiana [  ] 
SeDeX Expiry date: [  ]][Insert for SeDeX W&C Securities 
only] 
40. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[If Redenomination is applicable, specify the terms of 
Redenomination] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. [[Insert details of any relevant third party information] has been extracted from [insert 
information source(s)].  [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ..........................................  
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 922 ---
922 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
Consider whether any update to the "Taxation" section of the Base Prospectus is required or desirable in 
respect of any reference jurisdiction; 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be]/[is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the W&C Securities to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market]/[specify other market (other than a 
regulated market in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive)] [and listed on the Official 
List of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify other] 
[with effect from [     ].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate the 
original securities are already admitted to trading] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the W&C Securities has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] and [their][its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]. 
3. 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATING TO THE RELEVANT REFERENCE ITEMS 
[None] [Insert details] 
(N.B. In respect of each reference item include details of where information on the reference item can 
be obtained including an indication of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
reference item can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge.) 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[       ] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that stated 
in the Base Prospectus)] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
CUSIP: 
[       ] (Include for issuance within the US pursuant to Rule 
144A) 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Common Code: 
[       ]

--- Page 923 ---
923 
 
 
(vi) 
[(insert here any other 
relevant codes such as 
CUSIP and CNS codes)]: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
[Clearing System(s):] 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.] [and]/ [Clearstream Banking 
S.A.]/[DTC]/[Euroclear Sweden AB/specify other duly 
authorised Swedish central securities depository under the 
Swedish CSD Rules] 
(viii) 
[Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC, Euroclear Sweden AB 
or a duly authorised 
Swedish central securities 
depository under the 
Swedish CSD Rules and the 
relevant identification 
number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(ix) 
[Names and addresses of 
initial Agents:] 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, 6th Floor, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB/other]. 
(N.B. In respect of Swiss Securities include details of the 
relevant Swiss Paying Agent) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
[The initial purchasers and 
[name of applicable 
permitted dealer in the 
United States] of the W&C 
Securities: 
The dealer for the W&C Securities is [name of applicable 
permitted dealer in the United States], acting as principal. 
[Name of applicable permitted dealer in the United States] 
does not receive any compensation for the sales in which it 
participates.] 
 
(Applicable where W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons) 
(ii) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(iii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[              ] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products 
and a PRIIPs KID will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute “packaged” 
products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID, or only intends to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID during a specified period 
and/or in certain EEA jurisdiction(s), “Applicable” should 
be specified.  If "Applicable" is specified but a PRIIPs KID 
will be provided during a specified period and/or in certain 
EEA jurisdiction(s) only, specify a PRIIPs Compliant Sales

--- Page 924 ---
924 
 
 
Period and/or PRIIPs Retail Offer Jurisdiction(s) (as 
relevant) below) 
 
[PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period: 
The period from [specify date] until [specify date][[the date 
which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue Date]] 
 
[PRIIPs Retail Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]: 
[Specify EEA jurisdiction(s) in which a PRIIPs KID will be 
made available. "All EEA jurisdictions " may be specified if 
relevant]] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, a PRIIPs key information 
document will only be made available [in [the][each] PRIIPs 
Retail Offer Jurisdiction] [during the PRIIPs Compliant Sales 
Period specified above].] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products 
and a UK PRIIPs KID will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If (i) the Securities may constitute 
"packaged" products and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does 
not intend to prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID, or only 
intends to prepare and publish a UK PRIIPs KID during a 
specified period "Applicable" should be specified.  If 
"Applicable" is specified and a UK PRIIPs KID will be 
provided during a specified period only, specify a UK PRIIPs 
Compliant Sales Period below) 
[UK PRIIPs Compliant 
Sales Period: 
[Offer Period][The period from [specify date] until [specify 
date][[the date which falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date]]] 
(viii) 
Additional selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Additional U.S. Federal 
Income Tax considerations: 
[Not Applicable] [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the 
Issuer intends to treat the W&C Securities as [fixed-rate 
debt/variable rate debt instruments/contingent payment debt 
instruments/short-term debt/options or warrants/prepaid 
forward contracts/a loan (or deposit) and one or more 
options, for which purposes, the Issuer will treat [          ]% of 
each [additional amount/cash settlement amount] on a W&C 
Security as interest and [          ]% as option premium.] [The 
comparable yield relating to the W&C Securities will be 
[          ]% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly], 
and the projected payment schedule with respect to a W&C 
Security consists of the following payments: [          ].] [The 
comparable yield relating to the W&C Securities and the 
projected payment schedule are available by contacting 
[          ] at [          ].] [Specify other] 
(N.B. This disclosure is only required for W&C Securities 
issued under Rule 144A.  Otherwise specify “Not 
Applicable”) 
(x) 
Specified Securities for U.S. 
Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding purposes: 
[The W&C Securities shall [not] be treated as Specified 
Securities (as defined in the [Listing Particulars][Offering 
Circular]) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] [Based on market 
conditions on the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer

--- Page 925 ---
925 
 
 
has made a preliminary determination that the W&C 
Securities are [not] Specified Securities (as defined in the 
[Listing Particulars][Offering Circular]) for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
This is a preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue Date. If the 
Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice 
of such determination.] [Please contact [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the W&C 
Securities.] 
(N.B. The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do 
not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, 
further analysis would be required.) 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
 
[If applicable in the case of Securities referencing an index, including a credit index, include here any 
relevant index disclaimer]

--- Page 926 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
926 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF NOMURA INTERNATIONAL FUNDING PTE. LTD. 
10 Marina Boulevard 
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, #36-01 
Singapore 018983 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. 
13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome 
Chuo-ku 
Tokyo 103-8645 
Japan 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF NOMURA SECURITIES CO., LTD. 
13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome 
Chuo-ku 
Tokyo 103-8011 
Japan 
ARRANGER 
Nomura Singapore Limited 
10 Marina Boulevard 
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, #36-01 
Singapore 018983 
DEALERS 
Nomura International plc 
Nomura Singapore Limited 
1 Angel Lane 
10 Marina Boulevard 
London 
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, #36-01 
EC4R 3AB 
Singapore 018983 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited 
Nomura Securities International, Inc. 
30/F, Two International Finance Centre 
Worldwide Plaza 
8 Finance Street 
309 West 49th Street 
Central 
New York, New York 10019 
Hong Kong 
United States 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
PRINCIPAL AGENT 
NEW YORK SECURITY AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
London E14 5LB

--- Page 927 ---
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10 
927 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London 
EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
As to English and United States law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
To the NHI Guarantor and the NSC Guarantor 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC 
One Raffles Quay 
Tokyo Midtown Hibiya 
North Tower, Level 18 
1-1-2, Yuraku-cho 
Singapore 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0006 
048583 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Nomura Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Bâtiment A 
33 Rue de Gasperich 
L-5826 Hesperange 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
0010947-0000136 UKO2: 2003071128.10