--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Base Prospectus may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Base Prospectus and is not intended for use, and 
should not be relied upon, by any person outside those countries. Prior to relying on the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus, you must ascertain from the Base Prospectus whether or not you 
are an intended addressee of, and eligible to view, the information contained therein. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer, 
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification 
under the securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Base Prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, such securities may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Base Prospectus 
will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
For a more complete description of restrictions on offers and sales of the securities described in the Base 
Prospectus, see pages 318 to 322 and the section "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 -
NORDEA BANK ABP 
(a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland) 
€15,000,000,000 
Structured Note Programme 
Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea", or the "Issuer") has established a €15,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme (the "Programme"). 
This base prospectus supersedes any previous Base Prospectus, in relation to the Programme. Any Notes (as defined below) issued 
under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein.  This does not 
affect any Notes already in issue. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") under the Programme on an unsubordinated basis, which expression shall 
include Bearer Notes and Registered Notes (each as defined below), denominated in any currency. Notes issued pursuant to the 
Programme may include Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes") and Notes designated 
by the Issuer as "VP Notes", "VPS Notes", "Finnish Notes" or "Swedish Notes" in the relevant Final Terms. The maximum amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of 
agreement to issue, subject as further set out herein). For the purposes of calculating amounts outstanding under the Programme, all 
calculations will be made in euro. Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a denomination of less than €100,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to 
Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU), as amended or replaced from time to time ("EU MiFID 
II") and / or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances 
that require the publication of a prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its 
regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be determined by the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Notes will be issued: (i) on the general terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Part 1: General 
Conditions" (the "General Conditions"), as completed by a final terms document (the "Final Terms"); and (ii) may also be subject 
to certain additional conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Part 3: Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Part 4: Additional Conditions for Fund-Linked Notes", if so specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Additional Conditions", and together with the General Conditions, the "Terms and Conditions"). 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Notes under the Programme which investors should ensure they fully understand (see 
"Risk Factors" below). If any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment.  Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in 
this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 December 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- i -
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus, including the Annexes hereto, which form part of this Base Prospectus, should be 
read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms, copies of the Final Terms will be available from 
www.nordea.com. 
The Issuer has confirmed that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in 
any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material 
fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that 
all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes see "Subscription and Sale". 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION 
IN THE UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF BEARER NOTES, DELIVERED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION 
S")). SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE".

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with Nordea or with 
any other investment firm in the Nordea Group (a "Nordea Bank Deposit"). However, an investment in 
the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of a Nordea Bank Deposit. The Notes 
are expected to have greater liquidity than a Nordea Bank Deposit since Nordea Bank Deposits are generally 
not transferable. However, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Notes—The Notes may not be freely transferred" 
and " Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Notes —There may be no active trading market for the Notes". 
Investments in the Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes, as amended or any national 
measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or 
defaults on its obligations, investors investing in such Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment. Further, as a result of the implementation of BRRD (as defined herein), holders of the Notes 
may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and 
non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. See 
"Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to the Notes—Regulatory action in the event of a 
failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, including in a manner which 
may result in Holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or 
receiving a different security than the Notes". 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA would be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom (the "UK") has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such 
investor's own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understand the terms of the relevant Notes and the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Index-Linked Notes and Commodity Index-Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted 
by any index to which they are indirectly linked or any sponsor of such index and such index sponsor has 
made no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from 
the use of any index and/or the levels at which such index stands at any particular time on any particular 
date or otherwise. No index sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for 
any error in any index and an index sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error within 
an index. An index sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with such Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any liability to any person for any act or failure to act by an index sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of an index. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent has any affiliation with or control over any index or index sponsor or any control over 
the computation, composition or dissemination of any index. Although the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
will obtain information concerning an index to which the Notes are linked from publicly available sources 
they believe to be reliable, they will not independently verify this information. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1.4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation ("Public 
Offers") in each Member State of the EEA for which the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction" and together, the "Public Offer Jurisdictions").

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must 
do so only with the Issuer's consent- see "Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus" below.  
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates or indices. Any such reference rate or index may constitute 
a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If 
any such reference rate or index does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date 
of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
In this Base Prospectus, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Economic Area, references to "EU Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Union and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
or superseded). References to "U.S. dollars" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro", 
"euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on 
the introduction of the Euro, as amended; references to "sterling" are to Pounds Sterling; references to 
"Yen" are to Japanese Yen; references to "SEK" are to Swedish Krona; references to "NOK" are to 
Norwegian Krone; references to "DKK" are to Danish Krone and references to "CAD" are to Canadian 
Dollars. References to the "Merger" mean the merger of Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of 
the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation (as defined below), into Nordea Bank Abp through a cross-
border reversed merger by way of absorption on the Completion Date (as defined below). References to 
"Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the context that the 
term refers to Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-
domiciliation. References to the "Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies for which 
Nordea is the parent company, except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to any particular 
subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries. References to the "Completion Date" mean the date of completion 
of the Merger being 1 October 2018. References to the "Re-domiciliation" mean the re-domiciliation of 
the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland that was carried out through the Merger. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, the Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide a certificate 
of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the 
passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark 
(the "Host Member States"). Even though the Issuer has elected to passport this Base Prospectus into the 
Host Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member 
States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Notes to see whether the Issuer has elected 
to make a public offer of Notes in either Ireland or a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer 
Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to 
herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of 
any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use this Base 
Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the 
period for which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving 
of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer 
by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made by any third party 
without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not the Issuer or an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to the conditions set out above, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection 
with a Public Offer of Notes in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.nordea.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Public Offer. 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. Any 
Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus must state on its website that it is using the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the Conditions to Consent specified above. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
including as to price, allocation, settlement arrangements and any expenses or taxes to be charged to 
the Investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any 
such arrangements with Investors in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, 
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Public Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the 
relevant time. None of the Issuer or any Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for 
such information.

--- Page 9 ---
- vii - 
 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt ratings of the Issuer are: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB 
Aa3 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AA- 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
AA 
In accordance with: 
• 
Moody's 
ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aa' are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category; 
• 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
obligations rated 'AA' differ from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong of the highest quality, 
subject to the lowest level of credit risk; and 
• 
Fitch Ratings Limited Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, obligations rated 'AA' denote expectations of very 
low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events.  
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included 
in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The rating Moody's has given to the Notes is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd which is established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Notes is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be separately rated. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.  This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation.  Therefore, such list is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.  
The 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
("FCA")'s 
Financial 
Services 
Register, 
available 
at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, contains a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Similarly to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated Financial Services 
Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed

--- Page 10 ---
- viii - 
 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a 
change in the credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, 
could affect the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or 
that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is subsequently 
lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes, and the market value and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes 
issued under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally will also 
affect the market value of the Notes. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by 
the agencies. 
GREEN NOTES 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes whether directly or indirectly, 
for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purports to promote climate-
friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Assets") and any such Tranche of Notes being referred 
to as the "Green Notes" and the amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Green Notes 
being referred to as the "Green Notes Proceeds").  
 
Prospective investors in any Green Notes should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms 
regarding such use of Green Notes Proceeds, seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other 
professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Green Notes before deciding to invest and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is 
given by the Issuer or any other person that the use of such Green Notes Proceeds for any Green Assets 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
 
Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or any other person that the Green Assets will 
meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or any similar labels (including under 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.   
 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular 
with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any

--- Page 11 ---
- ix - 
 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes. Any such opinion or certification 
is only current as of the date on which it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that 
underlie such opinion or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective investors in any Green 
Notes must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
 
If any such Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that 
such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading or 
display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance 
is given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading or display 
will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading or display will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply Green Notes Proceeds for Green Assets in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that (i) the relevant Green 
Asset and the use of such Green Notes Proceeds will be, or will be capable of being, implemented in, or 
substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly any such 
Green Notes Proceeds will be wholly or partially used for such Green Assets or (ii) such Green Assets will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
 
Any such event or failure to apply Green Notes Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms, or any failure to provide or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment or 
to obtain any third party opinion, certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such opinion, certification 
or label), or any Green Assets ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Green Notes, 
or the fact that the maturity of an Green Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Green Notes, 
will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Notes, (ii) give rise to any other claim 
or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Green Notes) of a holder of such 
Green Notes against the Issuer or the Dealers or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such 
Green Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green Notes.  
 
Any such event or failure to apply Green Notes Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms as aforesaid and/or withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or 
certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such 
opinion or certification was given, or any such third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is 
not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, with respect to any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Notes and also potentially the value of any other Green 
Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) there is no direct or contractual link between Green Notes and the Green 
Assets (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, the  
Green Notes shall depend on the performance of the relevant Green Assets or the performance of the Issuer 
in respect of any such environmental or similar targets, (ii) Green Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool 
and to write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the

--- Page 12 ---
- x -
Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is 
not a Green Note (see the section entitled "Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, including in a manner which may result in holders of the 
Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than 
the Notes") and (iii) Green Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully available to cover any and all losses 
arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in the same way as the Issuer's other instruments not classified 
as Green Notes) regardless of their “green” or other similar label.   
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of Nordea, as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management of Nordea, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Nordea Group's future results of operations, financial condition, 
cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of Nordea's management for future operations can 
generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", 
"intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" or similar 
expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea, or industry results, to 
differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
•
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial
markets;
•
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Nordea
Group operates;
•
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates;
•
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices;
•
changes in the quality of the Nordea Group's loan portfolio and the Nordea Group's counterparty
risk;
•
changes in the Nordea Group's liquidity position or that of any of its counterparties;
•
changes in the Nordea Group's credit ratings;
•
changes in competition in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; and
•
increased longevity, medical developments and other parameters that impact the Nordea Group's
life insurance business.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove 
to be incorrect, the Nordea Group's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially 
from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges investors to 
read the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "The Nordea Group" for a more 
complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Nordea Group's future performance and the industry 
in which the Nordea Group operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
- xi -
CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 49 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 51 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 58 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 60 
NOTES – OVERVIEW OF KEY FEATURES .......................................................................................... 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 81 
FORMS OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES ............................................................................................. 214 
THE NORDEA GROUP .......................................................................................................................... 294 
NORDEA BANK ABP ............................................................................................................................ 308 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 315 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 316 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 318 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 323 
ANNEX 1 AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 326 
ANNEX 2 AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 460 
ANNEX 3 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE 
NORDEA GROUP FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021 ................................. 587

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the 
risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes. The risks described below could have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations or the value of the 
Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Nordea Group's management is not 
currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that 
could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NORDEA GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
A. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") spread globally in the first 
half of 2020 and disrupted various markets and has resulted in significant uncertainty about the 
development of the economies affected by the outbreak both in Europe and elsewhere. The majority of the 
Nordea Group's operations are concentrated in the Nordic countries that have been, and are expected to 
continue to be, exposed to the coronavirus outbreak in a similar manner as a number of other European 
countries. The Nordea Group is affected by the coronavirus outbreak through its direct and indirect impact 
on the customers, counterparties, employees and other stakeholders of the Nordea Group, both in the Nordic 
countries and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, such as business closings and 
restrictions on travel and gatherings. For example, the coronavirus outbreak and the preventive measures 
implemented in the Nordic countries and elsewhere to contain its spread could have an adverse effect on 
borrowers, which, in turn, could result in decreased credit quality and increased provisioning levels. 
Reflective of this, the net loan losses and similar net result of the Nordea Group increased in 2020 compared 
to 2019 to EUR 860 million, driven by loan loss provisions of EUR 443 million that were made to provide 
coverage for the likely near-term increase in loan losses related to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic 
as well as by underlying net loan losses of EUR 465 million, primarily reflecting individual provisions, 
particularly for the Oil, Gas & Offshore segment and other sectors, and updated macroeconomic scenarios 
in "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" provisioning models. There is also no certainty that such public health 
and other preventive measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the coronavirus outbreak, 
and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's operations, including the Nordea Group's ability to perform some of its critical functions and serve 
its customers. The exact ramifications of the coronavirus outbreak are uncertain and, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the duration of the pandemic, including the current "third wave" 
and any subsequent future resurgence, or the full effect of the pandemic on global and local economies or 
on the Nordea Group. 
There can also be no assurances that the adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak will not lead to a 
tightening of liquidity conditions or funding uncertainty, or adversely affect the credit ratings assigned to 
Nordea or its subsidiaries. New regulatory requirements may also be introduced to address any liquidity 
concerns or other adverse effects the coronavirus outbreak may have on the financial sector, and financial 
institutions, such as the Nordea Group, could also become subject to related heightened supervisory 
demands. Any such requirements or demands may result in the Nordea Group having to modify its 
operational practices and incur substantial monitoring and compliance costs. Financial institutions are, due 
to the coronavirus outbreak, also activating business continuity and contingency plans, which, depending 
on the duration and overall adverse impact of the outbreak, could result in significant additional cost and 
adversely affect existing business models. In order to mitigate the economic effects of the coronavirus

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
outbreak, national governments and regulators have also implemented, and are expected to continue to 
implement, measures intended to provide debt relief to various sectors of the economy, including but not 
limited to payment deferrals, limits on interest rates charged, and temporary relief from insolvency and 
bankruptcy measures. Many financial institutions, including the Nordea Group, have also offered support 
programmes to their customers in the form of, among others, instalment-free periods for outstanding loans 
of certain customer groups. These measures may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's ability to 
realise obligations owed by customers in a timely manner and could require it to find alternative sources of 
income or funding to address any such impact. Regulators have also issued rules and other guidance to 
financial institutions that aimed to encourage capital conservation, including recommendations by the 
European Central Bank ("ECB"") that significant credit institutions, such as the Nordea Group, refrain from 
dividend payments and certain other distributions. The board of directors of Nordea acknowledged the 
ECB's recommendations, including the most recent recommendation issued on 15 December 2020 that 
banks not consider distributing any cash dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such 
distributions, until 30 September 2021 and, on 18 February 2021 announced that, based on the 
recommendation of, and after a dialogue with, the ECB, it had decided to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.07 
per share to shareholders in accordance with the authorisation by the 2020 AGM. The 2021 AGM of Nordea 
authorised the board of directors to decide on the second instalment of the dividend for 2019 (EUR 0.33 
per share) and the dividend for 2020 (EUR 0.39 per share).  Nordea has subsequently paid out these 
remaining dividends for 2019 and 2020 and has implemented a share buyback of up to EUR 2 billion.  
Any further restrictions on discretionary distributions, or  any future adverse consequences related to the 
coronavirus outbreak not yet known, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to, among 
others, meet its financial targets or access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Nordea 
Group. To the extent the coronavirus pandemic adversely affects the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Nordea Group, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks 
described in this "Risk Factors" section. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). Development of the economic conditions in 
other markets where the Nordea Group currently operates, including through Nordea's minority ownership 
in Luminor, a Baltic bank active in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the Baltic countries, can also affect the 
Nordea Group's performance. In recent years, the economic conditions in the Nordic region have, in 
general, developed more favourably relative to the rest of Europe, benefiting from generally sound public 
finances. However, there have been differences between countries within the region. In 2018, growth 
continued in the Nordic economies, and unemployment levels continued to decrease in each Nordic country. 
In Denmark, the economy grew by 0.9 per cent., supported by high employment levels, while the growth 
rate was adversely affected due to an unusually warm and dry summer leading to a poor harvest. In Finland, 
the economy continued to grow with a rate of 2.3 per cent. driven both by domestic demand and increased 
exports. In Norway, the economy grew by 2.9 per cent. and in Sweden the economy continued to grow with 
a rate of 2.3 per cent. In 2019, the slowing down of the global economy affected the Nordic countries, albeit 
to varying degrees. Finland and Sweden were impacted to a greater degree, particularly in their business 
cycle development, while Norway and Denmark fared better due to their somewhat different corporate 
sector structures. The Norwegian economy had the highest growth rate in the Nordic region in 2019 with 
2.5 per cent., followed by the economy in Denmark that grew with a rate of 2.1 per cent., Finland with a 
rate of 1.5 per cent. and Sweden with a rate of 1.1 per cent.  In 2020, economic activity declined across all 
Nordic countries due to the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The Swedish economy decreased by 2.8 
per cent. in 2020, followed by the Finnish economy that was reduced at a rate of 3.2 per cent., Norway at 
3.4 per cent. and Denmark at 3.7 per cent. 
Adverse economic developments have affected and may continue to affect the Nordea Group's business in 
a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial 
condition of the Nordea Group's customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Nordea Group's credit 
quality and demand for the Nordea Group's financial products and services. As a result, any or all of the 
conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the Nordea Group might not 
be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
Accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea 
Group operates have recently also had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, the ECB and local central 
banks have reduced interest rates to record lows, with interest rates reaching negative levels in many 
countries, including Denmark, Sweden and the euro countries. Any further reductions in interest rates or a 
prolonged period of low interest rates may result in a decrease in the net interest margin of the Nordea 
Group, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See also "—Risks Relating to Market Exposure—The Nordea Group is 
exposed to structural market risk—Structural Interest Rate Risk" below. 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Nordea Group. 
In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions and volatility as a 
result of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, fears related to a 
slowdown of the Chinese economy and uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy changes in the 
United States. In Europe, the continued modest GDP growth and low inflation have raised concerns, as 
evidenced by the quantitative easing programme introduced by the ECB in January 2015 which was 
extended to the end of 2018, and subsequently resumed in September 2019 and expanded in March and 
June 2020, and the uncertainty over the continued weak economic development of certain countries in the 
euro area, in particular Greece and Italy, and their remaining a member in the euro area has continued. The 
market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by the slower economic growth 
and increased debt levels in China, the timing of monetary policy changes in the United States and the 
volatile global oil prices. Geopolitical events, such as continued tensions in the Middle East and the Korean 
Peninsula, the UK's withdrawal from the EU (see also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory 
Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations" below), past changes in certain policy goals of the U.S. 
government and changes in trade policies globally, including the introduction of protectionist initiatives 
such as new or higher tariffs, pandemics and widespread public health crises have also caused, and are 
likely to continue to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the global 
economy. For example, the coronavirus outbreak, which spread globally in the first half of 2020, has 
disrupted various markets and resulted in significant uncertainty about the development of the economies 
affected by the outbreak (see also "—The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the 
economies exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group’s ability to access 
capital and liquidity" above). There can also be no assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity 
conditions in the future as a result of, for example, further deterioration of public finances of certain 
European countries will not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening 
credit spreads. Risks related to the economic development in Europe have also had and, despite the recent 
periods of moderate stabilisation, may continue to have, a negative impact on global economic activity and 
the financial markets. If these conditions continue to persist, or should there be any further turbulence in 
these or other markets, this could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s ability to access 
capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Nordea Group. Further, any of the foregoing factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Credit Portfolio 
Deterioration in counterparties' credit quality may affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Nordea Group's businesses. The Nordea Group makes 
provisions for loan losses in accordance with IFRS. However, the provisions made are based on available 
information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurances that 
the provisions will be sufficient to cover the amount of loan losses as they occur. Adverse changes in the 
credit quality of the Nordea Group's borrowers and counterparties, or a decrease in collateral values, are 
likely to affect the recoverability and value of the Nordea Group's assets and require an increase in the 
Nordea Group's individual provisions and potentially in collective provisions for impaired loans, which in 
turn would adversely affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. In particular, the Nordea Group's 
exposure to corporate customers is subject to adverse changes in credit quality should the economic 
environment in the Nordea Group's markets deteriorate. For example, the Oil, Gas & Offshore segment was 
particularly adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, resulting in increased individual 
provisions compared to 2019. The ability of the Nordea Group's borrowers may also be affected by foreign

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
exchange risk to the extent their loans are denominated in a currency other than the currency they earn their 
main income in. For more information see also "—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions—Negative 
economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can adversely 
affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations" above and "—Risks Relating to the Legal 
and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Changes in the Nordea Group's 
accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how it reports its financial condition 
and results of operations" and "—Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business—The operations of 
the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets are subject to risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser 
degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets" below. Further, actual loan losses vary over the business 
cycle. A significant increase in the size of the Nordea Group's allowance for loan losses and loan losses not 
covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk. 
The Nordea Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate clients. Many of these transactions expose the Nordea Group to the risk that the Nordea Group's 
counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract defaults 
on its obligations prior to maturity when the Nordea Group has an outstanding claim against that 
counterparty. Counterparty credit risk also appears in repurchasing agreements and other securities 
financing contracts. Due to volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets during the past years, 
counterparty credit risk has remained at an elevated level compared to the period preceding the global 
financial and economic crisis. This credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by the 
Nordea Group cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the 
counterparty exposure. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative 
contracts, the Nordea Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk 
of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty after the Nordea Group has 
given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the 
corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the 
transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected 
by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the countries concerned. 
C. 
Risks Relating to Market Exposure 
The Nordea Group is exposed to market price risk. 
The Nordea Group's customer-driven trading operations and its treasury operations (where the Nordea 
Group holds investment and liquidity portfolios for its own account) are the key contributors to market 
price risk in the Nordea Group. The fair value of financial instruments held by the Nordea Group, including 
bonds, equity investments, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, 
commodities and derivatives, are sensitive to volatility of and correlations between various market 
variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent 
volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Nordea Group's bond, derivative and 
structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes, could fall more than estimated, and therefore cause the 
Nordea Group to record write-downs. Future valuations of the assets for which the Nordea Group has 
already recorded or estimated write-downs, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may 
result in significant changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, the value of certain financial 
instruments is recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models incorporating 
assumptions, judgments and estimations that are uncertain and which may change over time or may be 
inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the Nordea Group to recognise further write-downs or realise 
impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, because the Nordea Group's trading and investment income 
depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result 
in a significant decline in the Nordea Group's trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
The Nordea Group is exposed to structural market risk. 
Structural Interest Rate Risk 
Like all banks, the Nordea Group earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and other creditors. The net effect of changes to the Nordea Group's net interest income depends 
on the relative levels of assets and liabilities that are affected by the changes in interest rates. The Nordea 
Group is exposed to structural interest income risk when there is a mismatch between the interest rate 
re-pricing periods, volumes or reference rates of its assets, liabilities and derivatives. This mismatch could, 
in the event of changes in interest rates, have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Structural Foreign Exchange Risk 
The Nordea Group is exposed to currency translation risk primarily as a result of its Norwegian and Swedish 
banking businesses, as it prepares its consolidated financial statements in its functional currency, the euro. 
Because the Nordea Group shows translation differences between the local currency denominated equity 
positions of its fully consolidated subsidiaries, the euro effects arising from currency translation may reduce 
equity. In addition, because some of the Nordea Group's consolidated risk exposure amount ("REA"), 
against which the Nordea Group is required to hold a minimum level of capital, is denominated in local 
currencies, any significant depreciation of the euro against these local currencies would adversely impact 
the Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. The Nordea Group is also subject to foreign exchange risk in 
connection with its non-euro denominated funding arrangements. While the Nordea Group generally 
follows a policy of hedging its foreign exchange risk, including by seeking to match the currency of its 
assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them and by entering into hedging arrangements with 
respect to currency exposures, there can be no assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully 
hedge some or all of this currency risk exposure or that it will in all instances be feasible for the Nordea 
Group to hedge such exposure.  
D. 
Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Requirements 
The Nordea Group's business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced 
or perceived to be inadequate. 
The Nordea Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to EU and Finnish 
legislation. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") has introduced a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks, the principal 
elements of which are set out in its papers released on 16 December 2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 
press release setting out minimum requirements for additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss 
absorbency at the point of non-viability, "Basel III"). Basel III has been implemented in the EU by way of 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (as 
amended), (the "Capital Requirements Directive") and the direct application of the Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "CRR" and, together with the Capital 
Requirements Directive and the CRD Implementing Measures (as such term is defined in the Conditions), 
the "CRD") in each EU Member State. The CRR has applied in all EU Member States from 1 January 2014 
and the Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force in 2014. 
The rules applicable to the capital and liquidity of financial institutions have been amended across the EU 
as part of the banking package (as defined below). The amendments to the CRR entered into force between 
June 2019 and June 2021, while the amendments to the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force 
on 28 December 2020. The Finnish national transposition of the CRD amendments entered into force on 1 
April 2021 (the "Finnish Banking Package"). The Finnish Banking Package includes, among other things, 
the introduction of a binding net stable funding ratio, a binding leverage ratio requirement, treatment of 
non-preferred senior debt in the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") and 
a cumulative treatment of the other systemically important institution buffer (the "O-SII buffer") and the 
systemic risk buffer. The resulting changes may lead to further enhanced requirements in relation to the 
Nordea Group's capital, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated and, as a 
result, adversely affect the Nordea Group's capital position. 
Local regulators may, nevertheless, require higher capital buffers than those required under current or 
proposed future regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
financial services industry and the concerns over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of 
institution-specific capital requirements, over the financial position of an institution. Any such 
requirements, or perception by debt and equity investors, analysts or other market professionals that the 
capital buffers should be higher, or any concern regarding compliance with future capital adequacy 
requirements, could increase the Nordea Group's borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets or 
result in a downgrade in its credit ratings, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, lower internal credit rating of customers, 
substantial market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in the general capital adequacy regulatory 
framework or regulatory treatment of certain positions, such as changes in risk weights assigned to asset 
classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the 
deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or deterioration of the economic environment, among 
other things, could result in an increase in the Nordea Group's REA, which potentially may reduce the 
Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the Nordea Group were to experience a reduction in its capital 
adequacy ratios, and could not raise further capital, it would have to reduce its lending or investments in 
other operations. See also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea 
Group Operates—The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new 
capital adequacy and recovery and resolution framework requirements" below. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Nordea Group's operations. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Nordea Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or 
meet its liquidity commitments only at an increased cost. A substantial portion of the Nordea Group's 
liquidity and funding requirements is met through reliance on customer deposits, as well as ongoing access 
to wholesale funding markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments, such as covered 
bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during 
periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect 
the Nordea Group's liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business 
with the Nordea Group, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business and 
results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its 
credit ratings.  
There can be no assurances that Nordea or its mortgage subsidiaries will be able to maintain their current 
ratings or that the Nordea Group will retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current 
long-term ratings of Nordea or one of its mortgage subsidiaries may increase their funding costs, limit 
access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other 
secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could adversely affect the Nordea 
Group's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
E. 
Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business  
The Nordea Group faces competition in all markets. 
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Nordea Group 
provides and there can be no assurances that the Nordea Group can maintain its competitive position. In 
addition, the financial services market may face significant changes due to the development of digital 
banking and changes in consumer behaviour as well as regulatory developments, such as the 
implementation of the Revised Payment Services Directive 2015/2366/EU that, among others, introduced 
new, more robust security requirements for online transactions, as well as new operators entering the 
market. Even though the Nordea Group is implementing a transformational change agenda involving, 
among other things, significant investments in technology, there can be no assurances that the Nordea 
Group will be able to continue to adjust its operating models and arrangements to respond to new forms of 
competition. If the Nordea Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may 
fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest, fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
Operational risks, including risks in connection with investment advice, may affect the Nordea Group's 
business. 
The Nordea Group's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex 
transactions across different markets in many currencies. The Nordea Group's operations are carried out 
through a number of entities. Operational losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, costs, 
and direct and indirect financial losses and/or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in 
internal processes, information technology ("IT") and other systems (including the implementation of new 
systems and platforms), licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-
contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or 
from customer complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not limited to 
anti-money laundering, economic and financial sanctions, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct 
of business rules, equipment failures, failure to protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and 
collateral, failure of physical and security protection, natural disasters or the failure of external systems, 
including those of the Nordea Group's suppliers or counterparties and failure to fulfil its obligations, 
contractual or otherwise. Although the Nordea Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions 
to mitigate exposures and/or losses, there can be no assurances that such procedures will be effective in 
controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Nordea Group, or that the Nordea Group's reputation 
will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks.  
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Nordea Group provides its customers with 
investment advice, access to internally as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-
party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice from the Nordea 
Group, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external fund managers, the Nordea Group's customers 
may seek compensation from the Nordea Group. Such compensation might be sought even if the Nordea 
Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its customers. 
In addition, providing investment advice is subject to reputational risk, and claims from customers or 
penalties imposed by competent authorities with respect to investment advice provided by the Nordea 
Group could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's reputation, business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Nordea may not be able to realise the savings it expects to generate through the Re-domiciliation. 
As discussed in more detail under "The Nordea Group—Legal Structure—Nordea Group", on 6 September 
2017 the board of directors of Nordea decided to initiate the Re-domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation 
of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, which is participating in the EU's 
banking union. This decision was, in part, based on the expected savings related to resolution fees, deposit 
guarantee fees and other transitional effects due to the Re-domiciliation. The estimates related to the 
expected savings were based on a number of assumptions and judgments relating to, among others, the 
level of resolution and deposit guarantee fees going forward and transitional effects due to the Re-
domiciliation and were prepared based on Nordea's expectation on the development of the commercial, 
regulatory and economic environments. The estimates related to expected savings did not reflect 
unanticipated events that, among others, may result from developments in the regulatory regime, including 
the applicable capital requirements and tax regulations, that the Nordea Group is subject to or potential 
unforeseen costs related to the Re-domiciliation. There can be no assurances that the anticipated cost 
savings related to the Re-domiciliation will materialise, and any failure to fully materialise the anticipated 
cost savings could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Profitability in the Nordea Group's life and pension business depends on regulations and guidelines in 
the countries in which it operates. 
In addition to insurance risk and investment risks related to its life insurance business common to all life 
insurance and pension providers, the Nordea Group's ability to generate profit from its insurance 
subsidiaries generally depends on the level of fees and other income generated by the insurance and pension 
business. The level of fees and other income which the Nordea Group may earn from its life insurance 
subsidiaries differs from country to country, depending on regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant financial services authorities on shareholder fees, IFRS bridging, profit sharing and solvency 
requirements.

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets are subject to risks that do not apply, or 
apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. 
The Nordea Group's operations outside the Nordic markets present various risks that do not apply, or apply 
to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. Some of these markets are typically more volatile 
and less developed economically and politically than markets in Western Europe and North America. The 
Nordea Group faces economic and political risk, including economic volatility, recession, inflationary 
pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as civil unrest, moratorium, 
imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to specific countries, expropriation, nationalisation, 
renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or tax policy. The 
results of the Nordea Group's operations may therefore be negatively impacted by any such occurrence in 
the jurisdictions in which it operates, and have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees. 
The Nordea Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the Nordea Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy 
depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition 
from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from 
businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. New regulatory restrictions, 
such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth 
in CRD, could adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate 
existing employees. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability 
to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business. 
The Nordea Group may not be able to successfully implement its strategy. 
The Nordea Group's strategy is to be a leading Nordic relationship bank. This strategy has three key 
priorities: to drive income growth initiatives, create great customer experiences and optimise operational 
efficiency. To execute this strategy and to further improve profitability, Nordea launched a new business 
plan and introduced new financial targets in October 2019. For more information, see "The Nordea Group—
Strategy". There can be no assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully implement its 
strategy within the expected timeframe or at all, and the expected benefits of the Nordea Group's strategy 
may not materialise, including if the markets in which the Nordea Group operates do not develop as 
expected. Furthermore, the Nordea Group's strategy may have negative consequences in respect of 
attracting and retaining employees (see "—The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior 
management or other key employees" above) or other areas. Any of the above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
F. 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group 
Operates 
The Nordea Group is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the Nordea Group, operate under an extensive 
regulatory regime. The Nordea Group is subject to laws and regulations, administrative actions and policies 
as well as related oversight from the local regulators in each of the jurisdictions in which it has operations. 
These jurisdictions include Finland, where the Nordea Group's parent company Nordea Bank Abp is based, 
Denmark, Norway, Sweden, China, Estonia, Luxembourg, Poland, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the 
United States. The Nordea Group is also under the direct supervision and subject to the regulations of the 
ECB, as a result of the size of its assets (see also "—The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group 
is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary payments if certain capital requirements or loss absorbing 
capacity requirements are not met" below). These laws and regulations, requirements, administrative 
actions and policies are subject to change and may from time to time require significant costs to comply 
with.   
Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, 
but are not limited to, (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general changes in 
government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence customer or investor 
decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordea Group's markets, (iii) changes in capital 
adequacy framework, imposition of onerous compliance obligations, restrictions on business growth or

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
pricing and requirements to operate in a way that prioritises other objectives over shareholder value 
creation, (iv) changes in competition and pricing environments, (v) differentiation amongst financial 
institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees to bank customer deposits and the 
terms attaching to such guarantees, (vi) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes 
in legislation relating to foreign ownership, (vii) further developments in the financial reporting 
environment and (viii) other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic developments producing legal 
uncertainty, which, in each case, may affect demand for the Nordea Group's products and services. See also 
"—The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the 
outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group’s ability to access capital and liquidity" above. 
As a result of global financial and economic crises, a number of regulatory initiatives have been proposed 
and taken to amend or implement rules and regulations, which have had, or could likely have, an impact on 
the business of the Nordea Group. Such initiatives include, but are not limited to, requirements for liquidity, 
capital adequacy and handling of counterparty risks, regulatory tools provided to authorities to allow them 
to intervene in scenarios of distress and the introduction of a common system of financial transactions tax 
in the euro area. One such requirement is the obligation under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU ("BRRD")  for banks, such as Nordea, to contribute to resolution funds, the purpose of which 
are to finance the resolution of failing banks without having to resort to taxpayer money. Nordea contributes 
to the EU-wide Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). See also "— The supervision of the Nordea Group was 
recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism". 
Regulatory developments such as these or any other requirements, restrictions, limitations on the operations 
of financial institutions and costs involved, or unexpected requirements under, or uncertainty with respect 
to, the regulatory framework to be applied to the Nordea Group, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new capital adequacy 
and recovery and resolution framework requirements. 
The BCBS has introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in Basel III. Basel III has been 
implemented in the EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the direct application of the CRR 
in each EU Member State. The CRR sets higher capital and liquidity requirements on banks that are 
required, among other things, to hold more common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The heightened capital 
requirements, the continuing regulatory developments and higher demands on liquidity have resulted, and 
are likely to continue to result, in the Nordea Group, similar to other financial institutions, incurring 
substantial costs in monitoring and complying with these new requirements, which may also adversely 
affect the business environment in the financial sector. Furthermore, the EU has introduced a recovery and 
resolution framework for credit institutions and investment firms, which includes a so-called "bail-in" 
system, as well as a single supervisory mechanism, a single resolution mechanism and a full banking union 
in the euro area. These new requirements, other proposals and supervisory structures may impact existing 
business models. See also "—Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and 
capital position" below. 
Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position. 
Nordea operates under the BRRD that was transposed in Finland on 1 January 2015 through the Finnish 
Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Fi: laki luottolaitosten ja 
sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta (1194/2014)) and the Finnish Act on Financial Stability 
Authority (Fi: laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta (1195/2014)). 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity, the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation provide for the relevant resolution authority to set minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") for each institution, based on, among other criteria, its size, risk 
and business model. The framework for MREL for banks (the "MREL Framework") is conceptually 
similar to the principles for Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") issued by the Financial Stability 
Board ("FSB") and both aim to ensure that banks have sufficient loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity to preserve the continuity of critical functions, ensure financial stability, and minimise the burden 
to taxpayers arising from any failure of the institution.

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
According to the MREL Framework, there is a particular need to ensure that authorities possess the 
necessary legal powers to expose eligible instruments to loss and that they can exercise their powers without 
material risk of successful legal challenge or giving rise to compensation costs under the "no creditor worse 
off than in liquidation" ("NCWOL") principle. Similarly, authorities must be confident that the holders of 
these instruments are able to absorb losses and recapitalise in a time of stress in the financial markets 
without spreading contagion and without necessitating the allocation of loss to liabilities where that would 
cause disruption to critical functions or significant financial instability. Eligible instruments should, 
therefore, not include operational liabilities on which the performance of critical functions depends, and a 
minimum proportion of such eligible liabilities should be subordinated in some way to those operational 
liabilities and certain other specified categories of obligations (a so-called "subordination requirement"). 
Any instruments or liabilities that cannot be written down or converted into equity by the relevant resolution 
authority without giving rise to material risk of NCWOL claims should not be eligible as MREL and may 
give rise to a requirement to issue additional eligible liabilities under the MREL Framework. 
There is a risk that the MREL requirements could require the Nordea Group to issue additional MREL 
eligible liabilities, which, in turn, may increase the Nordea Group's funding costs and have an adverse effect 
on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary 
payments if certain capital requirements or loss absorbing capacity requirements are not met.  
The capital and regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is, and will be, subject imposes certain 
requirements for the Nordea Group to hold sufficient levels of capital, including common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital and additional loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (including MREL eligible 
liabilities). A failure to comply with such requirements, as the same may be amended from time to time, 
may result in restrictions on Nordea's ability to make "discretionary payments" in certain circumstances. If 
the Nordea Group's ability to make "discretionary payments" becomes subject to such restrictions, this 
could have an adverse impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding.  
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement (which is positioned above the relevant capital and MREL requirements) and 
calculated in accordance with the CRD, by reference to certain profits of the institution. Such calculation 
will result in a maximum distributable amount ("MDA") for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling 
is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile 
of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a 
consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary for Nordea 
to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend payments on its shares and payments on its 
additional tier 1 instruments.  
The supervision of the Nordea Group was recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became 
subject to the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution 
Mechanism. 
The licensing of credit institutions and the supervision of the most significant banks and financial groups 
in the euro area were transferred to the ECB as of 4 November 2014 in the context of the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). Furthermore, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation 
governing the resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the euro area, that is, a regulation 
establishing a single resolution mechanism (the "Single Resolution Mechanism") for financial institutions 
(Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, the "SRM Regulation"). The Single Resolution Mechanism establishes 
the European Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") that has resolution powers over the entities that are 
subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the national authorities as the relevant resolution 
authority with respect to such institutions. Following the Re-domiciliation, the Nordea Group has been 
subject to the resolution powers of the SRB as from 1 October 2018. 
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
similar to those of the national resolution authorities under the BRRD. These specific resolution powers 
include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and the bail-in tool 
and, as a pre-resolution tool in respect of capital instruments, the mandatory write-down and conversion 
power. The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the 
SRB. National resolution authorities will remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme 
according to the instructions of the SRB.

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
The SRB has prepared and adopted a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, including the 
Nordea Group. It has also determined, after consulting competent authorities including the ECB, the MREL 
requirements which the Nordea Group is expected to be required to meet at all times. The SRB also has the 
powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Nordea 
Group to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the Nordea Group. These will be 
launched if the SRB assesses that the following conditions are met: (i) the Nordea Group is failing or is 
likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of 
relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the Nordea Group, would prevent its failure within a 
reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of resolution powers by the SRB with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise 
will likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or 
all of their investment in the Notes.  
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, such as the Nordea Group, operate under a 
comprehensive regulatory regime and are subject to extensive regulatory supervision, with recently 
heightened scrutiny by supervisory authorities of the regulatory compliance by such companies. This 
regulatory environment makes the Nordea Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation risks. In the 
ordinary course of its business, the Nordea Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The 
Nordea Group carries out operations through a number of legal entities in a number of jurisdictions and is 
subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money 
laundering, economic and financial sanctions, payments, consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting 
and corporate governance, in such jurisdictions. Regulations and regulatory requirements are also 
continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the Nordea Group. There can be no assurances 
that breaches of regulations by the Nordea Group have not occurred in the past or will not occur in the 
future or that such breaches would not result in significant liability, penalties or other negative financial 
consequences. 
The Nordea Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in 
jurisdictions where it is active. For example, in June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority 
investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S with applicable anti-money laundering 
regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further handling and possible sanctions. The 
Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in anti-money laundering processes and, 
consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing anti-money laundering related matters 
in 2019. The Nordea Group is also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. 
These types of claims, disputes, legal proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can be difficult 
to predict, expose the Nordea Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial losses, disputes, litigation, civil and criminal penalties and other sanctions, loss 
of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well 
as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions 
against the Nordea Group or adverse judgments in litigation to which the Nordea Group is party could result 
in restrictions or limitations on the Nordea Group's operations or result in a material adverse effect on the 
Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to risk of changes in tax legislation, including increases in tax rates. 
The Nordea Group's activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance 
with local legislation and practice. The Nordea Group's business, including intra-group transactions, is 
conducted in accordance with the Nordea Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations 
and instructions from the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, 
court tax practice and tax authority administrative practice may change over time and the changes may have 
a retroactive effect in taxation. Any future legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and 
other jurisdictions where the Nordea Group is active may impair the tax position of the Nordea Group. 
For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD") and Directive (EU) 2017/952 
amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD II") may require Member States to amend their tax

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
legislation or taxation practices and to implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the 
right to deduct interest expense and controlled foreign company rules as well as rules as regards to hybrid 
mismatches. Finland has, for example, enacted a new law on hybrid mismatches and, as of 2022, Finland 
must comply with ATAD II rules on reverse hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to ATAD or ATAD II 
and other possible future amendments could increase the Nordea Group's tax burden. 
The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations. 
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the 
withdrawal agreement expired on 31 December 2020. Although an agreement in principle was reached in 
relation to the EU–UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement") on 
24 December 2020 which provides a broad framework intended to facilitate ongoing discussion and 
amendment of the relationship between the United Kingdom and EU, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement is not comprehensive in all respects. In particular, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement does 
not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of financial services from the United 
Kingdom into the EU and from the EU into the United Kingdom. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, it 
is therefore difficult to anticipate the eventual impact on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
The uncertainty related to the effects of Brexit is also expected to increase market volatility and may have 
an economic impact on the countries in which the Nordea Group operates, particularly in the United 
Kingdom and euro area. It is still too early to judge the impact of Brexit as it is unclear how the trading 
relationships between the United Kingdom and the EU and other significant trading partners will develop.  
The Nordea Group performs certain services into or in the United Kingdom on a cross-border basis in 
reliance on passported permissions granted by other European jurisdictions. The Nordea Group cannot be 
certain that it will be able to continue relying on these cross-border permissions following conclusion of 
the Brexit process, or that it will be able to secure any additional licences or permissions that may be 
required in order to continue its existing business. Furthermore, the Nordea Group transacts with various 
United Kingdom-based counterparties that may, as a result of Brexit, decide to move all or part of their 
business from the United Kingdom to an EU Member State. Any consequent restructuring of the Nordea 
Group's business relationships with such counterparties could entail additional administration and other 
costs. The Nordea Group also has derivative contracts cleared through LCH Limited ("LCH") in London, 
and, despite the publication of a temporary equivalence decision by the European Commission, it is not yet 
certain that Nordea Group entities will be permitted to continue to clear transactions through LCH once this 
temporary decision expires on 30 June 2022.  LCH may lose its status as an approved central counterparty 
("CCP") under Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended (the European Markets Infrastructure 
Regulation or EMIR), which could cause significant market disruption and operational risks for entities 
with derivatives cleared through LCH and other United Kingdom CCPs, including the Nordea Group. For 
example, any consequent migration of legacy transactions to an alternative CCP could be costly and 
operationally challenging and, even if legacy transactions could be maintained at LCH, clearing derivatives 
on multiple CCPs could increase costs for the Nordea Group. 
In addition, any deterioration in market access or trading terms including customs duties, taxes or other 
tariffs that constitute real cost, delay or restrictions to the provision of services and increased administration 
may materially adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in the Nordea Group's accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect 
how it reports its financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board, the EU and other regulatory bodies 
change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Nordea Group's 
financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Nordea 
Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition. In some cases, the Nordea Group 
could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period 
financial statements or adjusting the opening balances. Any such changes may affect the comparability of 
the Nordea Group's financial performance in prior periods, and therefore make it harder for investors to 
evaluate an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A.  
Risks relating to the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
Unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the country of incorporation of the Issuer or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Condition. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
and may in fact decrease below the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
Notes may be mandatorily redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date for a number of reasons, such 
as taxation events, or in the case of Credit-Linked Notes following a Credit Event, or certain early 
redemption events such as the satisfaction of the Autocall Condition in Autocallable Notes or as a result of 
disruption events specified in the relevant Conditions for those Notes or, in the case of Autocallable Notes, 
if the Basket Return on any Observation Date (other than the final Observation Date) is at or above the 
relevant Call Barrier Level. Early redemption may result in Noteholders receiving a lower return on 
investment and in some circumstances may result in a loss of part or all of their investment. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Notes rank junior to preferred deposits in the insolvency hierarchy. 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation establish a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for 
insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. In addition, the new deposit guarantee 
scheme directive, which has been implemented into national law and entered into force in Finland on 1 
January 2015, increased the volume of deposits that are insured (and thus preferred) to include a wide range 
of deposits, including all corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public sector body or financial 
institution) and some temporary high value deposits. Therefore, these preferred deposits will rank ahead of 
all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the holders of Notes, in the insolvency hierarchy. 
However, the non-insured amounts of deposits of large corporations with over EUR 50 million turnover 
rank pari passu with other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer.  
The Notes may not be freely transferred. 
Nordea has not registered, and will not register, the Notes under the Securities Act or any other securities 
laws. Accordingly, the Notes are subject to certain restrictions on resale and other transfer thereof as set 
forth in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale." As a result of these restrictions, Nordea cannot be 
certain of the existence of a secondary market for the Notes or the liquidity of such a market if one develops. 
Consequently, a Holder of Notes and an owner of beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear 
the economic risk of their investment in the Notes for the terms of the Notes, rather than being able to 
realise their investment during the lifetime of the Notes. 
There may be no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is 
to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the prevailing prices for the Reference Asset(s), the market for

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although 
applications may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on its Regulated Market, or for Notes to be admitted to listing and trading by such 
other listing authority, stock exchange, market and/or multilateral trading facility as may be specified in the 
Final Terms, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of 
Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may elect to issue unlisted Notes, in which case there may be not be an active 
trading market for such Notes. While the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, offer to buy-back such Notes 
prior to their maturity date under normal market conditions, the price at which such Notes are bought back 
(if at all) will depend upon a number of factors (including the factors described in this Base Prospectus). In 
case of unstable market conditions, the Issuer may suspend any buy-back of Notes, in which case the 
relevant investor may be unable to exit its investment in the relevant Notes until they are redeemed. 
Noteholders are subject to market volatility. 
Holders of Notes should be aware that the secondary market for the Notes and instruments of this kind may 
be illiquid due to, among other things, the disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets that 
have continued through recent years. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change.  
Consequently, a Holder of Notes and an owner of beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear 
the economic risk of their investment in the Notes for the terms of the Notes, as they cannot be certain of 
being able to realise their investment, or to do so at favourable prices, during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Cancelled or scaled down issue 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel all or part of an offer of Notes prior to the end of the relevant Offer 
Period upon the occurrence of certain circumstances, e.g. where the subscribed amount does not reach 
certain levels or where variables such as participation ratios cannot be determined at a certain level. The 
Issuer also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel an issue upon the occurrence of economic, 
financial or political events which may jeopardise a successful issue of Notes. In such circumstances, the 
investor may not be able to reinvest their funds in an instrument offering comparable returns. 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Notes are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Notes issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A holder's ability to 
receive payment under the Notes is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its payment obligations, which 
in turn is dependent upon the development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of its 
operations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the holders of Notes will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer. 
In such a case, an investor will accordingly risk losing some or all of its investment in the Notes, regardless 
of the performance of any Reference Asset. 
Noteholders' rights and obligations may be amended at meetings of Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
certain defined majorities to make decisions that modify the terms and conditions applicable to a tranche 
of Notes and may affect the Noteholders' rights and obligations under the Notes, and that bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. At the meeting of Noteholders, the Noteholders also have 
authority to elect and give instructions to a representative to act on their behalf. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be changed. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series will be determined by the Issuer at or prior to the time 
of issuance of such Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions 
applicable to each Series will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, subject to being completed 
by the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Series. 
The Issuer has the right to correct manifest errors in the Terms and Conditions without the Noteholders' 
consent and to make any amendment which the Issuer does not consider to be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of Noteholders. The Issuer may also change the listing venue or stock exchange where the Notes 
are admitted to listing and/or trading, or the clearing system or central securities depositary through which 
the Notes are cleared or settled without the consent of Noteholders. Any such amendment will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) which may be via the website of the stock 
exchange where the relevant Notes are listed or the website of the Issuer. 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding under the U.S. Tax Code 
As discussed in more detail under "Taxation — United States Taxation — Possible United States 
Withholding Tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code", U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, require withholding of up to 30 per cent. 
(depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments 
made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent 
upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends.  
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on 
the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the 
applicable regulations to the Notes. 
B. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Notes  
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Notes, including in a manner which may result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value 
of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes. 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide authorities with 
common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability 
and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses. The BRRD was implemented in Finland on 1 January 2015. 
BRRD has been amended in the banking package (as described in "The Nordea Group— Capital Adequacy 
and Regulatory Considerations") that was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and the majority 
of amendments have taken effect from January 2021.  
The Nordea Group is also subject to the SRM Regulation which gives specific powers to the SRB to 
exercise resolution powers similar to those under the BRRD, see "—Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—The supervision of the Nordea Group was 
recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism".

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
The powers granted to the authorities designated by EU Member States to apply the resolution tools and 
exercise the resolution powers set forth in the BRRD ("resolution authorities") include the introduction 
of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" with respect to capital instruments (which could include 
subordinated notes) and a "bail-in power", which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to 
cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain other eligible liabilities (which 
could include the Notes), whether unsubordinated or subordinated, of a failing financial institution and/or 
to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes) into another security, including ordinary 
shares of the surviving group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities 
to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully 
absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other 
resolution action is taken. The BRRD specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, 
reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims 
in an ordinary insolvency.  
The Notes could be subject to the bail-in power. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount 
of the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number 
of factors which may be outside of the Nordea Group's control. The application of the bail-in tool with 
respect to the Notes, may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other securities of Nordea or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the 
bail-in tool. Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the bail-in tool may 
be applied in such a manner as to result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth significantly 
less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to 
debt securities. Moreover, the resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-in tool 
without providing any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may also have 
limited or no rights to challenge any decision of the resolution authority to exercise the bail-in power or to 
have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The bail-in power contains a specific safeguard (NCWOL) with the aim that shareholders and creditors do 
not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings. 
However, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the NCWOL 
safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely 
that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Holders in the resolution and 
there can be no assurances that Holders would recover such compensation promptly. 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides 
resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to 
distressed banks, which may include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying 
with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of 
the bank to a "bridge institution" (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) transferring all or part of the assets of 
the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be 
managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use 
of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion 
powers. 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise will likely 
materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the 
consequences of the implementation of the BRRD.

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the Notes. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Notes in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the 
Notes. The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by English law, Finnish Law, Swedish Law, Norwegian Law or Danish Law (as specified in the 
relevant final terms) except that (i) the registration of VP Notes in the VP which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Danish law; (ii) the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law; (iii) the registration of Finnish Notes 
in Euroclear Finland will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Finnish Law; and (iv) the 
registration of Swedish Notes in the Euroclear Sweden Register which will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Swedish law. There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes or the 
interpretation thereof. Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life 
of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect on the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty 
could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price 
of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, 
including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
The Rome II Regulation (864/2007), which sets out a series of rules to be applied by the courts of EU 
Member States (other than Denmark) for the purposes of determining the governing law of non-contractual 
obligations between parties in most civil and commercial matters does not apply in Norway or Denmark 
and therefore may not apply to Norwegian or Danish investors. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and 
financial condition. 
Extraordinary Events affecting the Notes 
In relation to structured Notes, it should be noted that any change in applicable laws or regulations or 
changes in the application thereof as well as specific events such as a moratorium, currency restriction, 
embargo, blockade or boycott of a central bank, the Finnish government or other sovereign such as the 
United Nations or the European Union, may result in: (i) a substitution of Reference Assets; (ii) a change 
in a method for calculation of certain amounts under the Note; (iii) that certain amounts are calculated at 
an earlier date; (iv) a change in the calculation of yield; and/or (v) amendments to the Conditions. Such 
events may therefore adversely affect the yield and other amounts that are payable to the investors under a 
structured Note, as well as the timing of payments. 
In the event that a change in laws or regulations or decisions by public authorities (or in the application 
thereof), or any other circumstance not directly related to a downgrading of the Issuer's credit ratings, would 
(in the opinion of the Issuer) result in an increase in certain costs related to structured Note or increased 
costs for the Issuer's risk management in relation to structured Note, such event may entitle the Issuer to: 
(i) substitute Reference Assets; (ii) change a method for calculation of certain amounts under the Note; (iii) 
calculate certain amounts at an earlier date; (iv) change the calculation of yield; and/or (v) amend the 
Conditions. 
Risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU. 
As a result of Brexit, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies 
between the United Kingdom and EU Member States, that is, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to 
apply to the United Kingdom (and to English court judgments).  
Further, the United Kingdom is no longer a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from 
the courts of contracting states (currently the EU Member States, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) 
are recognised and enforced in other contracting states.  
In its White Paper from July 2018, the United Kingdom Government stated that it will seek to participate 
in the Lugano Convention on leaving the EU, which would mean English judgments would once again be 
recognised and enforced in Finland (and other contracting states). In the same White Paper, the United

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
Kingdom Government also stated that it will seek a new bilateral agreement with the EU27 concerning 
cooperation in the area of civil justice including arrangements for the continued mutual recognition and 
enforcement of judgments. However, no such agreement has yet been reached and there can be no 
assurances as to the terms of any final agreement. 
A judgment obtained in the courts of England against a Finnish company would be recognised and 
enforceable in Finland in accordance with and subject to the procedural steps and on the material conditions 
imposed by the 2005 Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements (the "Hague Convention"). Based 
on the communication by the European Commission dated 27 August 2020, Finnish courts would likely 
give effect to the Hague Convention as the applicable source of law only in respect of exclusive choice of 
court agreements concluded after 1 January 2021. As regards non-exclusive choice of court agreements and 
exclusive choice of court agreements concluded prior to 1 January 2021, a judgment rendered by an English 
court would not be enforceable nor recognized in Finland by operation of the Hague Convention and, as a 
result, it is possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a United Kingdom court would not be 
recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but would be of 
persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other 
public authorities in Finland). Hence, unless the United Kingdom ratifies the Lugano Convention or an 
agreement is reached between the United Kingdom and the EU27, a judgment entered against the Issuer in 
an English court in respect of the Notes may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law 
without a re-trial on its merits. 
C. 
Risks relating to form and mechanics of the Notes 
Total cost 
Costs are incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of structured Notes due to, among other 
things, production, distribution, licences, exchange listing and risk management. In order to cover these 
costs, the Issuer charges production fees. Such fees and commissions may be factored into the issue price 
of the Notes or may be charged separately. The amount of the commission may vary and is affected by the 
fluctuations in interest rates and the price of the financial instruments included in the product. 
Investors should be aware that market participants have varying possibilities to influence the price of the 
financial instruments underlying a Note. The pricing of structured Notes is normally not made on the basis 
of negotiated terms but rather it is decided by the Issuer. Hence, there may be a conflict of interest between 
the Issuer and the investors, to the extent the Issuer is able to influence pricing and has a possibility to make 
a gain or to avoid a loss in relation to underlying Reference Assets, and the Issuer does not have any 
fiduciary or other obligation to act in the best interests of Noteholders. The transparency relating to the 
pricing of structured Notes may be limited. 
The final coupon rate or other pricing terms applicable in relation to any tranche of Notes may differ from 
the indicative coupon rate or pricing information specified by the Issuer or on its behalf. The indicative 
pricing terms are based upon the market conditions prevailing at the time the relevant information is 
provided to any investor. 
Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Notes, including purchasing 
the Reference Asset(s), components of the Reference Asset(s) and/or debt obligations of a Reference Entity, 
but will not be obliged to do so. Certain of the Issuer's affiliates may also purchase and sell the Reference 
Asset(s) and/or component of the Reference Asset on a regular basis as part of their securities businesses. 
Any of these activities could potentially affect the value or level of the Reference Asset and the debt 
obligations of the Reference Entity and, accordingly, the value of the Notes. In addition, the disruption of 
such hedging arrangements or material increase in cost of such hedging arrangements may lead to an early 
redemption of the Notes in whole (but not in part) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines that there has been a change in any market standard terms or market trading 
conventions which affect any hedging transaction entered into by the Issuer or another member of the 
Nordea Group in order to hedge the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes, the Issuer reserves the right 
(without the consent of Noteholders) to amend the corresponding provisions of the Conditions in order to 
preserve consistency with the relevant hedging transaction.

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may also purchase and sell the Reference Asset(s), components of the 
Reference Assets and/or debt obligations of the Reference Entities on a regular basis as part of their 
securities businesses or lend to Reference Entities as part of their commercial lending operations. Any of 
these activities could potentially affect the value or level of the Reference Asset(s) and the debt obligations 
of such Reference Entities and in turn the value of the Notes. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may from time to time advise the issuers of or obligors in respect of a 
Reference Asset or any component of a Reference Asset and/or any Reference Entity regarding transactions 
to be entered into by them, or engage in transactions involving any Reference Asset and/or Reference Entity 
for their proprietary accounts and for other accounts under their management. Any such transactions may 
have a positive or negative effect on the value of such Reference Asset, the value or level of such Reference 
Asset and/or the value of such Reference Entity's debt obligations generally and therefore on the value of 
the Notes. 
Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Issuer and the interests of 
holders of Notes. 
Alternative cost risks 
The market risks vary depending on the note structure and the term to maturity for different Notes. The 
value of a Note varies with changes in market interest rates. A structured Note often operates as a 
combination of an interest-bearing investment and, for example, an investment in equities. An investor thus 
takes an additional risk when investing in a structured Note if the alternative had been a pure interest-
bearing investment. A structured Note generates no interest or other yield if the market performance is 
unfavourable and it is redeemable only at the principal amount. If the Note is not principal protected, the 
entire invested amount may be lost. The investor in such a structured Note assumes an alternative risk 
corresponding to the interest that the investor would have received had the alternative been, instead, to 
invest the money in pure interest-bearing instruments. If the investor sells such Note prior to the expiry of 
the term to maturity, the investor bears the risk of receiving less than the principal amount of the Note. 
The Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of the Notes such that its holding amounts 
to the minimum Specified Denomination in order to be able to trade its holding of Notes or (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) obtain a Definitive Note (if printed). 
The amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be changed. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme is subject to increase or 
decrease. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of clearing systems, investors will have to rely on the 
relevant clearing system's procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary, or as the case may be a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes. The relevant clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through the relevant clearing system(s). 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary, or as the case may be a

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
common safekeeper for the relevant clearing system(s) or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant 
clearing system(s) to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders 
of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent the 
relevant clearing systems do not pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system(s) to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the 
Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant. 
Investors will have to rely on the VP's, Euronext VPS's, Euroclear Finland's or Euroclear Sweden's 
procedures (as the case may be) for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Investors in VP Notes, VPS Notes, Finnish Notes or Swedish Notes will have to rely on the relevant clearing 
system's or the relevant Issuing Agent's, as the case may be, procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
VP Notes, VPS Notes, Finnish Notes or Swedish Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by the VP, Euronext VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Ownership of VP Notes, VPS Notes, Finnish 
Notes or Swedish Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and 
register maintained by the VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations in respect of the Notes by making payments directly to 
the relevant clearing system. Investors in VP Notes, VPS Notes, Finnish Notes or Swedish Notes will not 
have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent that the VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, do not pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
D. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Notes 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such 
benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing international, national 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from 
the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of the benchmark.

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 
2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The Copenhagen, Norwegian and Stockholm interbank offered rates are also in the process of reform to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, and it is uncertain how long they will continue 
in their current forms or whether they will be replaced with risk free notes or alternative benchmarks.  
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is not SOFR, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further 
described in Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement — Independent Adviser)) and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes shall apply. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer 
fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with 
the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to 
determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is 
presented with a conflict of interest.  
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, the then-current Benchmark will be replaced by a Benchmark 
Replacement (determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. The Issuer will have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to 
elect not to determine) an Benchmark Replacement and, if applicable, a Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in 
interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters in particular when making their investment decision with respect 
to any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices.   
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates are redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
 Fixed Rate Notes are subject to Interest Rate Risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Interest on floating rate Notes may fall below the margin. 
A Holder of floating rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate Notes in 
advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the 
interest rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and accordingly, the Noteholders of floating 
rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. Neither the current 
nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Risks relating to fixed/floating rate Notes. 
Fixed/floating rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the fixed/floating rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time (whether or not the conversion is automatic or is initiated 
by the Issuer) may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Conversely, if the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks relating to variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for notes that do not include those 
features. 
Risks relating to inverse floating rate Notes. 
Inverse floating rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate, such as SOFR. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse floating rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
Risks relating to Range Accrual Notes. 
Range Accrual Notes provide for interest to be paid either (i) on interest payment dates occurring at regular 
intervals throughout the life of the Notes; or (ii) in a single amount at maturity. 
The amount of interest that an investor in the Notes receives is linked to the performance of the Reference 
Asset(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and on how many actual days during the relevant Interest 
Period or Valuation Period the level or value of the Reference Asset(s) remains within a certain range, (the 
upper and lower limit of which is specified in the relevant Final Terms). If the level or value of the 
Reference Asset(s) is below the lower limit or higher than the upper limit on some or all of the days in an 
Interest Period or Valuation Period, the investor may receive low or even zero interest payments, 
respectively, for the relevant Interest Period. Noteholders should note that no interest accrues on days when 
the level or value of the Reference Asset(s) is outside of the range specified. The rate at which interest 
accrues may be a fixed rate, floating rate or other rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest payable 
on the Notes is therefore also linked to the volatility of the level or value of the Reference Asset(s). Range 
Accrual Notes may not be suitable for investors who require regular income payments. 
E. 
Risks relating to particular Reference Assets 
Risks relating to the performance of the Reference Asset(s) 
With structured Notes (for example, equity-linked Notes, currency-linked Notes, credit-linked Notes, fund- 
linked Notes, commodity-linked Notes and other possible structures) the yield, and sometimes also the 
repayment of principal, depends on the performance of one or more Reference Assets, such as equities, 
indices, interest rates, currencies, credit exposures (one or more), fund units, commodities or baskets 
thereof, or combinations or the relationship between assets. If the repayment of part of or an invested 
amount is linked to the performance of Reference Assets, the investor may risk losing the entire invested 
amount. Structured Notes are often designed on the basis of a combination of different types of traditional 
instruments such as equities, fund units or a derivative instrument. These combinations of products may 
have elements of different instruments. The value of a structured Note will be affected by the value of the 
Reference Asset and can fluctuate above or below the issue price of the Notes during the lifetime of the 
Notes. The valuations of the Reference Asset may take place both during the term and on the Redemption 
Date and the performance may be positive or negative for the holder. The Holder's right to yield, and where 
applicable repayment, thus depends on the performance of the Reference Asset and applicable performance 
structure. The value of a structured Note may, in addition to changes in the price of the Reference Asset, 
be determined by the intensity of the price fluctuations of the Reference Asset (commonly referred to as 
volatility), expectations regarding future volatility, market interest rates and expected dividends or other 
distributions on the Reference Asset. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(d) 
the amount of principal payable at redemption may be less than the nominal amount of such Notes 
or even zero; 
(e) 
the Reference Asset may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if the performance of the Notes contains a multiplier greater than one or contains some other 
leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable is 
likely to be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in the value of one or more Reference Asset may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the value of one or more Reference Asset, the greater the effect on yield. 
Further, Noteholders and prospective purchasers of such Notes should ensure that they understand the 
nature of such Notes and the extent of their exposure to risk and that they consider the suitability of such

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. A small movement in 
the value of one or more Reference Asset may result in a significant change in the value of such Notes. 
Noteholders, and prospective purchasers of such Notes, should form their own views of the merits of an 
investment based upon such investigations.  
No ownership rights 
An investment in the Notes is not the same as an investment in the Reference Asset(s) and does not confer 
any legal or beneficial interest in the Reference Asset(s) or any component of the Reference Asset(s) or any 
voting rights, rights to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the Reference Asset(s) or any 
component of the Reference Asset(s) would have. The Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer. No security has been taken in respect of the Reference Asset(s) or any component of the 
Reference Asset(s). In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the Noteholders will have an unsecured claim 
against the Issuer. In such a case, an investor will accordingly risk losing some or all of its investment in 
the Notes. See "Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer". 
Risks associated with Baskets comprising various constituents as Reference Assets 
(a) 
Exposure to performance of basket and its underlying constituents 
Where the Notes reference one or more basket(s) of assets as Reference Assets, the investors in 
such Notes are exposed to the performance of such basket(s). The investors will bear the risk of 
the performance of each of the basket constituents. 
(b) 
A high correlation of basket constituents may have a significant effect on amounts payable 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual 
basket constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents 
originate from the same sector and the same country, a high positive correlation may generally be 
assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation: investors 
should be aware that, though basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past 
performance, it may be that they suffer the same adverse performance following a general 
downturn or other economic or political event. Where the basket constituents are subject to high 
correlation, any move in the performance of the basket constituents will exaggerate the 
performance of the Notes. 
(c) 
The negative performance of a single basket constituent, or a single basket in multiple-basket 
structures, may outweigh a positive performance of one or more other basket constituents or 
baskets 
Investors in Notes must be aware that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more 
basket constituents, or a single basket in multiple-basket structures, the performance of the basket 
or the Notes as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other basket constituents or other 
baskets is negative to a greater extent, subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. 
(d) 
A small basket, an unequally weighted basket or a "best of" or "worst of" basket will generally 
leave the basket more vulnerable to changes in the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, be more affected by changes in the value 
of any particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a greater number 
of basket constituents. 
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents or bases the 
level of the entire basket only on the value of one of the basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, be more affected by changes in the value of any 
such particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal weight 
to each basket constituent. 
(e) 
A change in composition of one or more basket(s) may have an adverse effect on Basket Return 
Where the Notes grant the Issuer or the Calculation Agent the right, in certain circumstances, to 
adjust the composition of the basket, investors should be aware that any replacement basket

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
constituent may perform differently from the anticipated performance of the original basket 
constituent, which may have an adverse effect on the performance of the basket. 
Risk relating to limited information in relation to certain Reference Assets 
In relation to certain Reference Assets, for example, certain hedge funds or indices composed of hedge 
funds, there is limited access to information since, among other things, the official closing price of some of 
these Reference Assets is published less frequently. The composition of certain indices and funds may be 
confidential for strategic reasons. Other factors limiting transparency in relation to such Reference Assets 
may be that the Reference Asset is not subject to continuous trading, that valuation models for determination 
of the value of the Reference Assets are not reported to the investors and those underlying factors which 
affect the value of the Reference Asset are not public. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to assess 
the value of the Reference Assets and therefore the value of an investment in the Notes. 
Currency fluctuations 
Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative rates 
of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of payments between countries, the extent of any governmental 
surplus or deficit and the monetary, fiscal and/or trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant 
currencies. Currency fluctuations may affect the value or level of the Reference Assets in complex ways. 
If such currency fluctuations cause the value or level of the Reference Assets to vary, the value or level of 
the Notes may fall. If the value or level of one or more Reference Asset(s) is denominated in a currency 
that is different from the currency of the Notes, investors in the Notes may also be subject to increased 
foreign exchange risk and may suffer significant losses even if the value of the Reference Asset in its 
currency of denomination is at or above its original level. Previous foreign exchange rates are not 
necessarily indicative of future foreign exchange rates. 
Risks relating to market disruption and extraordinary events 
Market disruption can occur, for example, if the trading in Reference Assets or any interest rate or financing 
component is suspended or an official price for some reason is not listed, for example upon the 
discontinuation of a published rate or index. In conjunction with market disruption, the value of Reference 
Assets or any interest rate or financing components is determined at a different time than initially intended 
and, in certain cases, also by another method than initially intended. Certain Reference Assets such as 
equities, equity baskets or fund units may be affected by extraordinary events such as delisting, 
nationalisation, bankruptcy, liquidation or the equivalent or a share split, new share issue, bonus issue, 
issuance of warrants or convertibles, reverse share split or buyback in respect of such equity or equity basket 
which constitutes a Reference Asset. For all structured Notes, events such as changes in the law or increased 
costs for risk management may arise. If so, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, replace one Reference 
Asset or interest rate or financing component with another Reference Asset or interest rate or financing 
component, or make adjustments to the calculation of the yield or value of the Notes to the extent that the 
Issuer deems necessary in order for the calculation of the yield or value of Notes to, in the Issuer's opinion, 
reflect the manner in which yield or value was previously calculated. It may be that the Issuer believes that 
such adjustments cannot procure a fair result, in which case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and 
determine the Redemption Amount, Additional Amount or the yield.  
Reading of closing values of Reference Assets 
In certain yield structures, the closing price is recorded on a number of occasions in order to calculate an 
average final price. The aim is to minimise the risk of single extreme values greatly affecting the final price. 
Investors should, however, appreciate the fact that the value on such recording occasions will affect the 
average final price, entailing that the final price may be lower or higher than the actual closing price on the 
valuation day. In some Notes however, the value is determined on the basis of a single valuation, hence, 
there is a risk that some extreme values could affect the final price.

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
Risks associated with Equities as Reference Assets 
An investment in equity linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of equities may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
The performance of equities is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and 
distribution policy. 
(b) 
No claim against the issuer of the Reference Assets or recourse to the Reference Assets 
Equity linked Notes do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of equity 
securities (an "Equity Issuer") to which they are linked and Noteholders will not have any right 
of recourse under the Notes to any such company or the equities. The Notes are not in any way 
sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Equity Issuer and such companies have no obligation to 
take into account the consequences of their actions for any Noteholders. Accordingly, the issuer of 
an equity may take any actions in respect of such equity without regard to the interests of the 
investors in the Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes. 
In the case of Notes relating to equities, no issuer of such equities will have participated in 
establishing the terms of the Notes and the Issuer will not make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such issuer of 
equities contained in the relevant Final Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the 
relevant Issue Date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available documents described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect 
the trading price of the equities will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
issuer of equities could affect the trading price of the equities and therefore the trading price of the 
Notes. 
Risks associated with Indices as Reference Assets 
An investment in Index Linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Indices comprise a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets and, as such, the performance of an 
Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or other components that 
comprise such Index, which may include interest rates and price levels on the capital markets, 
currency developments, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such 
as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
(b) 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the Notes do not reflect direct investment in underlying equities 
or other items comprising the Index 
The return payable on Notes that reference Indices may not reflect the return an investor would 
realise if he or she actually owned the relevant items comprising the components of the Index. For 
example, if the components of the Indices are shares, Noteholders will not receive any dividends 
paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the relevant 
Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Even if the 
rules of the relevant underlying Index provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of 
the components are reinvested in the Index and therefore result in raising its level, in some 
circumstances, the dividends or other distributions may not be fully reinvested in such Index. 
Similarly, Noteholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying equities or any other assets 
which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, investors in Notes that 
reference Indices as Reference Assets may receive a lower payment upon settlement or redemption

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
of such Notes than such investor would have received if he or she had invested in the components 
of the Index directly. 
(c) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value 
of the Notes 
The sponsor or administrator of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such 
Index or make other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more 
components. The modification of components of any Index may affect the level of such Index, as 
a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it 
replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the investors in the Notes. 
The sponsor or administrator of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation 
or dissemination of such Index, and may be obliged to do so in certain circumstances pursuant to 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. The sponsor or administrator of an Index will 
have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation to any investor 
in such Notes. The sponsor or administrator of an Index may take any actions in respect of such 
Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Notes, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. See "There are risks that certain benchmarks may 
be administered differently or discontinued in the future —" above. 
(d) 
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices, see "—Risks associated with 
Commodities as Reference Items". 
(e) 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining 
indices portfolios or strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, 
"Proprietary Indices"). These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in 
accordance with rules which describe the methodology for determining the composition and the 
calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the "Rules"). 
In respect of Proprietary Indices to which Notes are linked, the Issuer may face a conflict of interest 
between its obligations as the Issuer of such Notes and its role (or the role of one or more of its 
affiliates) as the composer, promoter, designer or administrator of such indices, as the 
determination of the composition of such indices, any amendment, supplement or modification to 
the Rules, or any modification of certain parameters or the valuation of certain Component 
Securities, may have an impact on the price or value of the Notes. 
The Issuer and any other Index Sponsor may, from time to time, exercise reasonable discretion as 
they deem appropriate in order to ensure the integrity of any Proprietary Index. They may also, in 
certain circumstances, apply discretionary adjustments to ensure and maintain the high quality of 
the index construction and calculation. The Issuer and its affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy 
or completeness of any Proprietary Index, or of the data used to calculate the Index or determine 
the Index components, or the uninterrupted or timely calculation or dissemination of any 
Proprietary Index. Moreover, the Issuer and its affiliates do not guarantee that any Index accurately 
reflects past, present, or future market performance. 
The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may also have banking or other commercial relationships with 
third parties in relation to a Proprietary Index, and may engage in trading in such index (including 
such trading as the Issuer and/or its affiliates deem appropriate in their sole and absolute discretion 
to hedge its market risk on any transactions that may relate to Proprietary Indices), which may 
adversely affect the level of such Index. 
If the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with a particular index 
are disrupted, the Issuer or the relevant affiliate may also decide to terminate calculations in relation 
to such Index sooner than another index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. 
All of the above factors may result in consequences which may be adverse to Noteholders, and 
may have a detrimental impact on the price or value of the Notes. The Issuer does not have any 
duty or obligation to create, operate or maintain Proprietary Indices in a manner that is intended to 
promote the best interests of Noteholders.

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
Risks associated with Inflation Indices as Reference Assets 
The performance structures may determine the interest and/or redemption amounts payable on the Notes 
by reference to the level of an inflation index (an "Inflation Index") or a basket of inflation indices, either 
in the form of Inflation-Linked Notes or through the use of Inflation Indices as Reference Assets. 
Index Delay and Disruption Events affecting Inflation Indices 
Where there is a delay in publication of the level of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
ceases to be published, such Inflation Index is rebased, there is a material change to such Inflation Index or 
there has been a manifest error in the publication of the level of such Inflation Index, the Issuer may 
determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, to make such addition, adjustment or 
amendment to the Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary. 
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of Notes 
relating to Inflation Indices, including: 
• 
general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and/or events; and/or 
• 
fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources (including in 
response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or 
• 
the level of inflation in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. 
In particular, the level of an Inflation Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial 
markets. 
Risks associated with Foreign Exchange Rates as Reference Assets or as part of the Performance 
Structure 
An investment in currency-linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. 
Notes may be denominated in one currency (the "Reference Asset Currency") but payable in another 
currency (the "Specified Currency"). The value of the Notes could therefore be affected by fluctuations in 
the value of the Reference Asset Currency as compared to the Specified Currency (which may be calculated, 
where applicable, on a cross-currency basis). This presents certain risks that the exchange rate (or the 
exchange rates) used to determine the Specified Currency amount of any payments in respect of the Notes 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation or revaluation of the Specified Currency 
as compared to the Reference Asset Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over such 
currencies could cause a decrease in (1) the Specified Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Specified Currency equivalent value of the amount payable in respect of the relevant Redemption Amount 
of the Notes and (3) the Specified Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Therefore, there is a 
possibility that the Specified Currency value of the Notes at the time of any sale or redemption, cancellation 
or exercise, as the case may be, of the Notes may be below the value of the investor's original investment 
in the Notes, depending on the exchange rate at the time of any such sale or redemption, cancellation or 
exercise, as the case may be. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant foreign exchange rate may adversely affect the 
value of the Notes 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the 
investment return on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the 
supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject 
to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences 
between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency 
convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation 
and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, 
imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing 
currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation 
of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a 
specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency.

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
(b) 
Nordea is a major foreign exchange dealer and is subject to conflicts of interest 
Investors should note that certain members of the Nordea Group are regular participants in the 
foreign exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may affect transactions for 
their own account or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in 
currencies and related derivatives, including in the currencies that constitute Reference Assets in 
relation to the Notes. Such transactions may affect the relevant Reference Assets, the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and could be adverse to the interests of Noteholders. No members 
of the Nordea Group has any duty to enter into such transactions in a manner which is favourable 
to Noteholders. 
(c) 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
Currency-linked Notes linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and 
less certainty as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange 
as against other currencies. 
Risks associated with Commodities as Reference Assets 
An investment in commodity-linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of commodities may adversely affect the value of the Notes; 
commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities is speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices are 
affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable, including, for example, changes in supply 
and demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, governmental 
programmes and policies, national and international political, military, terrorist and economic 
events, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programmes, changes in interest and exchange rates 
and changes and suspensions or disruptions of market trading activities in commodities and related 
contracts. Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes, making investments in 
commodities riskier than other investments. 
(b) 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain commodity 
contracts may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges 
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, 
and which are generally traded at a "Spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are 
agreements either to (A) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a 
predetermined price and delivery period (which may be referred to as a delivery month) or to (B) 
make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the underlying commodity. The 
costs of storage and transport of physical commodities may have a significant impact on both spot 
prices and commodity contracts at times of unexpectedly low demand for the underlying physical 
asset. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures 
contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-
the-counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, 
no substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be 
subject to the same provisions as, and the protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated 
specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity 
and price histories of the relevant contracts. 
(c) 
Notes which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different return than Notes 
linked to the relevant physical commodity and will have certain other risks 
The price of a futures contract on a commodity will generally be at a premium or at a discount to 
the spot price of the underlying commodity. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need 
to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g. warehousing, transport and insurance costs) 
and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures 
markets. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant differences in the 
liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Notes which are linked to commodity

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
futures contracts may provide a different return than Notes linked to the relevant physical 
commodity. 
Investments in futures contracts involve certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder 
of a futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain commodity 
exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the 
price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily 
limit, positions in the contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless holders are willing to 
effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or 
no trading. Any such losses in such circumstances could have a negative adverse effect on the 
return of any Notes, the Reference Asset for which is the affected futures contract. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital may be 
applied in whole or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective 
counterparties under the commodity futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, and 
the interest yield will increase the return of the investor making such direct investment. However, 
holders of Notes linked to the price of commodity futures contracts do not participate in such 
interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised investment in commodity futures contracts. 
Rolling of Commodity Indices 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity contracts 
on certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the respective 
commodities included in a commodity index will depend on the particular index, and is generally 
described in the relevant index rules of the index. 
Commodity indices apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an 
ongoing exposure to such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be 
rolled pursuant to the relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the 
commodity contract was liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) 
commodity contract for an equivalent exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described below 
with regard to "rolling" on the value of a Reference Asset of the Notes also apply with regard to 
the index level of a Commodity index. In particular, gains or losses on component commodity 
contracts may increase or decrease the investor's exposure  to the relevant commodity contract over 
time, which may have an adverse effect on the price or value of the index and therefore an 
investment in Notes referencing that index. 
Risks associated with Futures Contracts as Reference Assets 
(a) 
Notes which are linked to futures contracts may provide a different return than Notes linked to the 
relevant underlying asset and will have certain other risks 
The price of a futures contract will generally be at a premium or at a discount to the spot price of 
the underlying asset. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to adjust the spot price 
due to related expenses (e.g. warehousing, transport and insurance costs) and (ii) different methods 
being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In addition, and 
depending on the asset, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the 
futures markets. Accordingly, Notes which are linked to futures contracts may provide a different 
return than Notes directly linked to the relevant asset. 
Futures contracts involve certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder of a futures 
position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain exchanges limit fluctuations 
in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the price of a particular futures 
contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contract 
can neither be taken nor liquidated unless holders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. 
This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it to 
substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various assets occasionally have exceeded the daily 
limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Any such losses in such circumstances 
could have a negative adverse effect on the return of any Notes, the Reference Asset for which is 
the affected futures contract.

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
In the case of a direct investment in futures contracts, the invested capital may be applied in whole 
or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective counterparties under 
the futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase 
the return of the investor making such direct investment. However, holders of Notes linked to the 
price of futures contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully 
collateralised investment in futures contracts. 
(b) 
Additional risks in relation to the "rolling" of futures contracts (including futures contracts which 
are components of an Index) 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date - i.e. a date on which trading of the futures 
contract ceases. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in delivery of the underlying 
asset or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the futures 
contracts means that the contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") 
are sold before they expire and futures contracts that have an expiration date further in the future 
(the "longer-dated futures contracts") are purchased. Investments in futures apply "rolling" of 
the component futures contracts in order to maintain an ongoing exposure to the relevant 
underlying assets. 
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in a number of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through "rolling" 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-
dated futures contract (the contract is said to be in "backwardation"), then "rolling" from 
the former to the latter will result in exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated 
contracts being taken. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given 
movement in the prices of the futures contract will be greater than if one had synthetically 
held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price 
of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract (the contract is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure to 
a smaller number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or 
loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will 
be less than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before 
the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation), such may be 
expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect over time 
Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. 
In such event, rolling is generally expected to have a negative effect on an investment in 
the futures contract. Where a futures contract is in "backwardation", then the price of the 
longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) increase over 
time as it nears expiry. In such event, the investment in the relevant futures contract can 
generally be expected to be positively affected. 
In the case of Notes which are linked to a commodity contract, the referenced commodity contract 
will simply be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions in the commodity 
contracts. Accordingly, the effects of "rolling" described above do not apply directly to the 
Reference Asset and the Notes. Thus, an investor will not participate directly in possible effects of 
"rolling". However, other market participants may act in accordance with the mechanism of 
"rolling" and such behaviour may have an indirect adverse impact on the value of the Reference 
Asset and therefore on the Notes. 
(c) 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the Commodities may lead to an early redemption or 
cancellation 
Commodities are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change in ways that could affect 
the ability of the Issuer or any other member of the Nordea Group engaged in any underlying or 
hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and/or could lead to the early redemption or cancellation of 
the Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
Risks related to Credit-Linked Notes 
Correlation risk 
An investment in credit-linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional fixed 
rate or floating rate debt security. Such risks include exposure to the credit risk of the particular Reference 
Entity or basket of Reference Entities (and, where applicable, one or more specific reference obligations) 
in addition to that of the Issuer. Depending on the manner in which the particular series of credit-linked 
Notes is linked to the credit of a Reference Entity or basket of Reference Entities, a fall in the 
creditworthiness of a particular Reference Entity (or where perceptions worsen regarding the 
creditworthiness of a particular Reference Entity), may greatly reduce the market value of the related Notes 
and any payments of principal or interest then due. If a series of credit-linked Notes is linked to the credit 
risk of a single Reference Entity, then the investors in the Notes will have a concentration risk compared to 
a more broadly weighted basket. If a series of Notes is linked to a basket of Reference Entities, a credit 
deterioration in one reference entity may however be strongly correlated with credit deterioration of other 
reference entities included in the basket, resulting in substantial decreases over a relatively short period of 
time in the market value of the related Notes and any payments of principal or interest then due. In a "Nth 
to Default" or "Nth and Nth + 1" to Default structure, the occurrence of a credit event in relation to particular 
Reference Entities will have a greater than proportionate impact on the market value and payment of 
principal and interest in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Nature of payments of principal and/or interest 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, 
Governmental Intervention or another Credit Event) in relation to a Reference Entity or Reference Entities, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer's obligation to pay interest and/or 
redemption amounts under the Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay other amounts calculated by 
reference to the value of the Reference Asset(s) or the number of Credit Events which have occurred. In 
addition interest bearing credit-linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence 
of such circumstances. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the credit-linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
Credit Event Determination 
Under the terms and conditions of the credit-linked Notes it is the Issuer's responsibility to determine 
whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a particular Reference Entity. The ISDA Credit 
Event Determinations Committee will not necessarily publish a determination in respect of every potential 
Credit Event, and therefore the Issuer may need to consult public information sources or use its own 
observations and judgment in determining whether and when a Credit Event may have occurred. Although 
the Issuer will endeavour to take reasonable care in making any such determination, it may be difficult to 
obtain information to support the occurrence of a Credit Event, and the Issuer has no fiduciary duty to act 
in the interests of Noteholders in making any such determination. The Issuer may also have exposure to the 
debt obligations of one or more Reference Entities, and there may therefore be a conflict of interest between 
the Issuer's role in determining one or more Credit Events and the interests of Noteholders.   
No need for Issuer to suffer loss with respect to any Reference Entity 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of credit-linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need 
not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
No information regarding Reference Entities 
No investigation has been or will be made regarding any of the Reference Entities. Prospective investors in 
credit-linked Notes should obtain and evaluate information regarding the Reference Entities as if they were 
investing directly in the debt obligations of the Reference Entities. In addition, investors should understand 
that the historical performance of any specific debt obligation or the debt obligations of such Reference 
Entities generally is not predictive of future performance. As none of the Reference Entities has participated 
in the preparation of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that all material events or information

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
regarding the Reference Entities have been disclosed at the time the Notes are issued. Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the failure to disclose material events concerning any of the Reference Entities could 
affect the redemption amount payable on the Notes or the general trading price of the Notes, or affect the 
ability of the Issuer to determine whether or not a credit event has occurred in respect of a particular 
Reference Entity. 
Debt obligations may consist of subordinated debt 
Any debt obligations for credit-linked Notes may include subordinated debt obligations. Such subordinated 
debt obligations will rank junior to, and the value of such subordinated debt obligations may be less than 
that of, senior obligations in respect of the same Reference Entity, and the value of such subordinated debt 
obligations may even be zero in circumstances where a Credit Event has occurred. The Issuer is under no 
fiduciary duty to select Reference Assets or deliverable assets of any particular value or that maximise 
value for Noteholders. 
Substitution of a Reference Entity 
As a result of mergers or other events, the Reference Entity or, in the case of more than one Reference 
Entity, the Reference Entities within the basket of Reference Entities may change. This could result in the 
risk that the Reference Entity or the basket of Reference Entities, as the case may be, following such 
changes being, in economic terms, no longer comparable to the relevant Reference Entity or the basket of 
Reference Entities prior to such changes. Any risk which may result from such a change of a Reference 
Entity will be borne by the Noteholders. 
Succession events may also affect the Notes in circumstances where the Succession Date has occurred 
before the Issue Date of the Notes.  
Notes linked to the performance of funds 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the redemption amount or, if applicable, the interest amount is linked to 
the performance of a unit, share or other interest in a fund. Such funds may include mutual funds or any 
other types of fund in any jurisdiction, or any combination of the foregoing. Investments offering direct or 
indirect exposure to the performance of funds are generally considered to be particularly risky and may 
bear similar risks, including but not limited to, market risks to a direct investment in funds. 
Prospective investors should note that payments on redemption or termination of Fund-Linked Notes at 
maturity, expiration, early redemption or early termination may be postponed, in accordance with the 
Conditions, up to a specified long stop date and if the specified long stop date is reached, for the purposes 
of determining the Redemption Amount or any other such redemption amounts, as applicable, the affected 
fund interest units or shares may be deemed to have a zero value. Prospective investors should also be 
aware that if one or more events occurs in relation to the Fund or any fund manager, including insolvency 
of the Fund or fund manager, then the Issuer, may in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether the 
Fund-Linked Notes should be amended or should be redeemed or terminated early. If the Issuer determines 
that the Fund-Linked Notes will continue, this may result in the substitution of the affected interests in the 
fund with other shares or interests with similar characteristics or adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes 
to account for the occurrence of the relevant event. These actions may have an adverse effect on the return 
and risk profile of the relevant Fund-Linked Notes, and consequently, the value of such Fund-Linked Notes 
and if the Fund-Linked Notes are redeemed or terminated early the amount investors receive may be 
considerably less than their original investment and may even be zero. 
The risks associated with investing in Fund-Linked Notes are similar to the risks attached to a direct 
investment in the underlying fund or funds. There are substantial risks in directly or indirectly investing in 
funds including, without limitation, the risks set out below. Prospective investors should note that 
references to funds below can refer both to the funds referenced in any Fund-Linked Notes and also to any 
funds in which any of those funds invests its assets from time to time: 
Investments risks that prospective investors should be aware of include the following: 
1. 
Different types of funds are subject to differing levels of regulatory supervision. 
2. 
Funds may have varying restrictions on leverage. Leverage presents the potential for a higher 
rate of return but also increases the volatility of the fund and increases the risk of a total loss of 
the amount invested.

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
3. 
Funds may have differing investment restrictions and some funds may invest in assets which are 
illiquid or difficult to transfer. This may have an effect on the realisation of such assets and in 
turn, the value and performance of the fund. In addition, a fund's assets or investments may be 
concentrated in a few markets, countries, industries, commodities, sectors of an economy or 
issuers. If so, adverse movements in a particular market, country, industry, commodity, economy 
or industry or in the value of the securities of a particular issuer could have a severely negative 
effect on the value of such a fund. In addition, a fund may use a single advisor or employ a single 
strategy, which could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. 
4. 
Substantial redemptions by holders of interests in a fund within a short period of time could 
require the fund's investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) to liquidate positions more rapidly 
than would otherwise be desirable, which could adversely affect the value of the fund's assets. 
5. 
The performance of a fund will be heavily dependent on the performance of investments selected 
by its advisers or investment managers and the skill and expertise of such fund service providers 
in making successful and profitable investment decisions. Such skill and expertise may be 
concentrated in a number of the adviser's or investment manager's key personnel. Should these 
key personnel leave or become no longer associated with the fund's adviser or investment 
manager, the value or profitability of the fund's investments may be adversely affected as a result. 
F. 
Risks relating to particular performance structures 
Risks related to the complexity of the product 
The yield structure for structured Notes is sometimes complex and may contain mathematical formulae or 
relationships which, for the investor, may be difficult to understand and compare with other investment 
alternatives. The relationship between yield and risk may be difficult to assess. As to the correlation 
between yield and risk it can generally be said that a relatively high yield most often is associated with 
relatively greater levels of risk. One way of increasing the probability of a higher yield is, for example, to 
include leverage effects in the yield structure which results in comparatively small changes in the 
performance of Reference Assets that may have major effects for the value and yield on Notes. Such a 
structure is generally also associated with a higher risk (see —Risks relating to particular Reference Assets). 
The past performance of corresponding investments is only a description of the historical performance of 
the investment and shall not to be regarded as an indication of future yield. Information regarding past 
performance is not available with respect to certain reference objects; for example, with respect to certain 
hedge funds. Investors should carefully consider which yield structure applies to the Notes or Notes in 
which the investor is investing in order to obtain an understanding of how the relevant Notes operate in 
different scenarios and the risks an investment in the Notes entails. 
Risks relating to Notes which are not principal protected 
The Notes may or may not be principal protected, either in whole or in part. If the Note is not principal 
protected there is no guarantee that the return that an investor receives on the Notes upon their redemption 
will be greater than or equal to the Principal Amount (or, if different, the level of principal protection). If 
the Redemption Amount of the Notes is not principal protected, but is to be determined solely by reference 
to the value or level of one or more Reference Assets, any change in the value of the Reference Asset may 
result in a reduction in the Redemption Amount of the Notes. Accordingly, it is possible that the return on 
Notes linked to such Reference Asset(s) may be considerably less than the amount paid by investors for 
such Notes and may be zero. 
Risk relating to premium and participation ratio 
The relationship between the value of a structured Note and the performance of the Reference Assets or 
changes between them is not always linear but, rather, sometimes depends on the yield structure and one 
or several participation ratio(s) which determines the extent to which the performance of the Reference 
Asset is reflected in the value of the Note. The participation ratio is set by the Issuer and determined, among 
other things, by term to maturity, volatility, market interest rates and expected dividends on the Reference 
Asset. In certain structures, the participation ratio may differ depending on whether or not the performance 
of the relevant Reference Assets is positive or negative. Variations in the participation ratio may increase 
or decrease the extent to which a Noteholder is exposed to the performance of the relevant Reference Assets. 
The amount that the investor risks is greater in those structured Notes that are subscribed for/purchased at 
a premium, i.e. when the investor pays more than the nominal amount, due to the risk that these might be 
redeemed only at the nominal amount.

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
Volatility in the value of the Notes 
If, pursuant to the relevant Final Terms, a Note is designed to include variables such as multipliers or 
leverage factors, cap/floor, another combination of these variables or other similar elements, the market 
value of such Notes may be more volatile than the market value of a note without such elements. 
"Best of"/"Worst of" features in respect of Baskets 
Where the return on the Notes is linked to the performance of a Basket and that the "Best of" feature is 
applicable, the value of the Basket will depend on the Reference Asset in the Basket that has shown the 
best performance in comparison to the other components comprising the Basket over a specified period of 
time. Conversely, where the "Worst of" feature is applicable, the value of the Basket will depend on the 
Reference Asset in the Basket that has shown the worst performance in comparison to the other components 
in the Basket over a specified period of time. As the best-performing components, or the worst-performing 
components, of a Basket, as applicable, are not representative of the performance of the Basket as a whole, 
any calculations or determinations of value that involve the "Best of" or "Worst of" feature may produce 
results that are very different to those that take into account the performance of the Basket as a whole. 
Potential investors should examine the manner in which the "Best of" and "Worst of" features affect the 
value of any Basket and examine the context in which the such value affects the determination of any 
payouts. Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that the returns they receive (if any) on 
investment in Notes which have a "Best of" and/or "Worst of" feature may be substantially different from 
the return on investment in Notes without such features. 
Caps and floors 
The formula or other basis for determining the value and/or performance of the Reference Asset in respect 
of a Series of Notes (or of individual Basket components) may provide for a maximum value, or cap, such 
that any value and/or performance of the Reference Asset (or individual Basket components) in excess of 
the applicable cap will not be taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination. Amounts 
payable on the Notes linked to such capped value and/or performance will be limited accordingly. The 
formula or other basis for determining the value and/or performance of the Reference Asset (or Basket 
components) may provide for a minimum value, or floor, such that any value or performance of the 
Reference Asset (or Basket components) below the applicable floor will not be taken into account for the 
purposes of the relevant determination. Any such floor may not however be set at a level that ensures that 
the principal amount of the Notes is fully protected, and an investor may still lose a significant proportion 
of their invested capital. 
Risk of automatic early redemption 
In relation to certain types of Notes, the Notes will be automatically redeemed prior to their maturity if 
certain conditions are met. Notes of this type have an uncertain maturity date. Certain types of Notes may 
also be automatically redeemed early if a specified trigger is breached during a specified period or on a 
specified date or dates. If a Reference Asset or Basket performs poorly, Noteholders may receive little or 
no interest during the term of the Notes and/or receive low or even zero return at maturity, and in some 
circumstances may result in a loss of part or all of their investment. Prospective investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. Because the costs associated with 
structuring the Notes are paid up front as part of the initial issue price, a product which is subject to 
automatic early redemption may result in relatively higher costs to the investor than if the product had not 
redeemed early.   
Risks relating to Delta 1 structures 
In a Delta 1 structure, the investor in the Notes receives the current value of the relevant Reference Assets 
on the redemption date, less any applicable fees and taxes. In order to hedge the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer or another Hedging Party will enter into one or more Hedge Transactions 
in order to generate the sums necessary to pay the redemption amount and any applicable interest payments 
in respect of the Notes. Holders are therefore exposed to the risks that there may be delays or difficulties 
experienced by the Hedging Party in unwinding its Hedge Transactions. The obligation of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes shall never exceed the aggregate Hedge Proceeds which the Hedging 
Party has received (or is deemed to have received) on or prior to the relevant Back Stop Date less any 
applicable fees and taxes. Holders may therefore receive any redemption amounts or interest payments later 
than expected, or may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes if the Issuer reasonably determines

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
that the Hedging Party will not receive all or part of the Hedge Proceeds prior to the relevant Back Stop 
Date.

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Terms and Conditions 
(a) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020, 
pages 67 to 193 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-for-structured-note-programme-18-december-
2020.pdf   
(b) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2019, 
pages 68 to 193 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
343851/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Structured%20Note%20Programme%2018%20Decembe
r%202019.pdf 
(c) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2018, 
pages 101 to 222 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
281704/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Structured%20Note%20Programme%2018%20Decembe
r%202018.pdf  
(d) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2017, 
pages 101 to 221 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-
240221/Base%20prospectus%20for%20Structured%20Note%20Programme%2019%20Decembe
r%202017.pdf 
(e) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2016, 
pages 178 to 296 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-161086/2016-12-19_Base-prospectus-for-Structured-Note-
Programme-19-December-2016_EN.pdf 
(f) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2015, 
pages 174 to 291 (inclusive), the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2016, pages 3 
to 4 (inclusive) and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 3 October 2016, pages 6 to 7 
(inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-97875/2015-12-18_Base-prospectus-for-Structured-Note-
Programme-18-December-2015_EN.pdf, 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/2015-12-
22supplement-3-dated-15-april-2016-to-base-prospectus-structured-note-program-18-dec 
and 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/2016-10-03supp-5-dated-3-october-2016-to-base-prospectus-
structured-note-program-18-dec-2015en 
(g) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2014, 
pages 170 to 278 (inclusive), the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 11 February 2015, pages 
4 to 7 (inclusive) and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2015, pages 4 to 7 
(inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-39038/2014-12-19_Base-prospectus-for-Structured-Note-
Programme-19-December-2014_EN.pdf, 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/2014-02-
11supplement-11-february-to-base-prospectus-for-structured-note-programme-19-dec-2014en

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
and 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/2014-04-24supplement-24-april-to-base-prospectus-for-
structured-note-programme-19-dec-2014en 
(h) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2013, 
pages 154 to 251 (inclusive), and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 14 February 2014, 
pages 3 to 6 (inclusive), available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-39039/2013-12-20_Base-prospectus-for-Structured-Note-
Programme-20-December-2013_EN.pdf 
and 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/2013-02-
14supplement-14-february-to-base-prospectus-for-structured-note-programme-20-december 
(i) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2013, 
pages 147 to 233 (inclusive), available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-39037/2013-04-16_Base-prospectus-for-Structured-Note-
Programme-16-April-2013_EN.pdf  
Copies of the document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
https://www.nordea.com. Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites referred 
to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Any websites referred to herein have not been reviewed or approved by the Central Bank and do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes may be issued as Bearer Notes (as defined below), Registered Notes (as defined below), VP Notes, 
VPS Notes, Finnish Notes, or Swedish Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes in bearer form 
will not be exchangeable for Notes in registered form and Notes in registered form will not be exchangeable 
for Notes in bearer form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
A Note in bearer form is a Note that is payable to the bearer, i.e. it is not registered. Each Tranche of Notes 
in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer 
form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form 
(the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems 
in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. Arrangements for Notes in NGN form have been offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg since 30 June 2006 and debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg since 31 December 2006 are only eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not 
have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation or, in the case of final exchange, presentation and surrender, of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates, as applicable, of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") if 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do 
so.

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are a "Global Note exchangeable to Definitive Notes" in 
circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Note, such notes may only be 
issued in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
Form of Registered Notes 
Notes of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be in the 
form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global 
Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. 
Arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form have been offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg since 30 June 2010 and registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 are only eligible as collateral in 
Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in 
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates if Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) the Global Registered Note will become void and the 
holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.) 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below, the terms and conditions set out under "Specific Terms and Conditions" below (as applicable) 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Form of VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020, as 
amended from time to time) (Lov om kapitalmarkeder), the Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 
2017, as amended from time to time (Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en 
værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish Executive Order"), and the VP Rule Book in force, and as 
amended from time to time (the "VP Rule Book"). No global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect 
thereof. The holder of a VP Note will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such Note 
maintained by VP Securities A/S. Where a nominee in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act is 
so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant VP Note. 
Pursuant to the issuance of VP Notes, the Issuer will certify that Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank 
Abp, Finland is, on the date of issue of a Tranche of VP Notes, entered in the VP as the account holding 
institute (kontoførende institute) for the duly registered owners of the Notes of such Tranche. Title thereto 
will pass on due registration in the Danish Note Register to be maintained by the VP Issuing Agent. Title 
to the VP Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of the VP, perfected in accordance with the 
legislation (including the Danish Capital Markets Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by 
the VP that are in force and effect from time to time. If the Notes of such Tranche cease to be registered in 
the VP, Nordea Bank Abp as account holding institute for the duly registered owners shall supply the VP 
Issuing Agent with all necessary information with regard to such duly registered owners and the VP Issuing 
Agent shall enter such information into the Danish Note Register. The relationship between Nordea Bank 
Abp as the account holding institute and the VP will be governed by the provisions of the Danish Executive 
Order and the VP Rule Book. A VP Note may only be controlled by an account holding institute acting in 
such capacity on behalf of holders for the time being registered with such account holding institute. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VP Notes in the VP will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VP. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VP Notes shall be treated as the holder of 
such VP Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VP Notes. The expressions 
"Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly.

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
Form of VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form settled 
through Euronext VPS. Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of 
Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place 
in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS. The holder of a VPS Note 
will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. The person evidenced 
(including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes shall be treated as the holder of such VPS Notes for 
the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VPS Notes. The expressions "Noteholders" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. 
Form of Finnish Notes 
Each Tranche of Finnish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in 
accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and with the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended. No global or definitive Notes will 
be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Finnish Note will be the person evidenced as such by the 
register for such Note maintained by Euroclear Finland on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee in 
accordance with such legislation is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant 
Finnish Note. 
Title to Finnish Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of Euroclear Finland, perfected in 
accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland that 
are in force and effect from time to time. On the issue of Finnish Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the 
relevant Final Terms to the Finnish Issuing Agent. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Finnish Notes in Euroclear Finland will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
Finnish Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Finland. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the Finnish Notes shall be treated as the holder 
of such Finnish Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such Finnish Notes. The 
expressions "Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed 
accordingly. 
Form of Swedish Notes 
Each Tranche of Swedish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). No global 
or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Swedish Note will be the person 
evidenced as such by the register for such Note maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. 
Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated by 
the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Note. 
Title to the Swedish Notes will pass by way of registration in the Euroclear Sweden Register, perfected in 
accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued 
by Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time. Issuances of Swedish Notes under the 
Programme will be issued with the benefit of the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
Swedish Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Sweden.

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the Swedish Notes shall be treated as the 
holder of such Swedish Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such Swedish Notes. 
The expressions "Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, the Business Day for 
the purposes of payments shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(n) (Optional Early 
Redemption (Put)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must,

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(m) 
(Optional Early Redemption (Call)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or 
Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Sweden or Euroclear 
Finland (the "Clearing Systems") from time to time. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any Clearing 
System must check the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System which are in effect 
at the relevant time. 
General 
The Notes will be cleared and settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of 
VP Notes, the VP or, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS or, in the case of Swedish Notes, Euroclear 
Sweden, or, in the case of Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear SA/NV is owned by Euroclear plc, a company organised under the laws of England and Wales, 
which is owned by market participants using Euroclear services as members. As an ICSD, Euroclear 
provides settlement and related securities services for cross-border transactions involving domestic and 
international bonds, equities, derivatives and investment funds. 
Distributions with respect to interests in Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes or Definitive 
Bearer Notes held through Euroclear will be credited to the Euroclear cash accounts of Euroclear 
Participants to the extent received by Euroclear's depositary, in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and 
Conditions. Euroclear will take any other action permitted to be taken by a holder of any such Temporary 
Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes or Definitive Bearer Notes on behalf of a Euroclear Participant only 
in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and Conditions. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, located at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg was incorporated in 
1970 as a limited company under Luxembourg law. It is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such 
is subject to regulation by the CSSF. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by book entry transfers between their accounts.  
VP 
VP is a Danish limited liability company and is subject to the Danish Capital Markets Act (Lov om 
kapitalmarkeder), as amended from time to time, the Danish Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. VP 
is the central organisation for registering securities in Denmark and is authorised as a central securities 
depository under Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in the VP will take place on a registration-
against-payment basis two Copenhagen business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers 
of interests in a VP Note will take place in accordance with the VP Rules. Secondary market clearance and 
settlement through Euroclear is possible through depositary links established between the VP and 
Euroclear. Transfers of Notes held in the VP through Clearstream, Luxembourg are only possible by using 
an account holding institute linked to the VP. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, 
Denmark. 
Euronext VPS 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) is a Norwegian public limited company authorised to 
register rights to financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments (the "VPS Act"). The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all 
notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the "VPS Securities").

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on 
Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act"), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 
("CSDR") into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow Euronext VPS to 
operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time when Euronext VPS is authorised as a central 
securities depository under the CSD Act/CSDR. 
Euronext VPS settles trades in the Norwegian securities market, and provides services relating to stock 
issues, distribution of dividends and other corporate actions for companies registered in Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of 
the Euronext VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which are held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator or custodian linked to the Euronext 
VPS System. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, P.O. 
1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a Swedish public company which operates under the supervision of the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository under Regulation (EU) 
No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in Euroclear Sweden will take place two 
Stockholm business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Notes in Euroclear Sweden may be 
transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the procedures and 
regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear Sweden. A transfer of Notes which are held in Euroclear 
Sweden through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator 
linked to Euroclear Sweden. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Clearing System, Box 191, SE-
101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland Ltd is a Finnish limited company which operates under the supervision of the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority ("FFSA") and is authorised as a central securities depository and 
clearinghouse under Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in Euroclear Finland will take place two 
Helsinki business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Notes in Euroclear Finland may be 
transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Finland in accordance with the procedures and regulations, 
for the time being, of Euroclear Finland. A transfer of Notes which are held in Euroclear Finland through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euroclear 
Finland. 
The address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
NOTES – OVERVIEW OF KEY FEATURES 
The Issuer has established the Programme for the purpose of issuing Notes on the international capital 
markets with maturities ranging from 30 days up to perpetual maturity. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding from time to time will not exceed €15,000,000,000. 
What is a Note? 
Freely transferable debt instrument 
Notes are freely transferable debt securities, often referred to as bonds. A Note manifests a debt owed by 
the Issuer to the investor and the investor is normally entitled to a cash payment from the Issuer upon 
maturity (and sometimes also interest payments during the term). Therefore, Notes differ from convertible 
debt instruments as investors in such instruments may under certain circumstances receive a physical 
delivery of shares instead of a payment on maturity. Once the Note has been issued and the investor in the 
Note has paid the issue price to the Issuer, the investor is generally entitled to receive payments from the 
Issuer and will not owe any further obligation to make payments to the Issuer. 
Combination of instruments 
The Issuer may issue structured Notes pursuant to the Programme. In terms of structure and economics, a 
structured Note often operates as a combination of different types of more traditional instruments, for 
example, a bond combined with a share, a fund unit or a derivative instrument. The product may be 
composed of and resemble several instruments. However, all structured Notes constitute a claim of the 
investor towards the Issuer pursuant to which the investor, subject to the terms of the Notes, is entitled to 
receive a cash payment from the Issuer. In this context it is important to note that, even though the Note is 
composed of a derivative element, the so called counterparty risk in the derivative instrument remains with 
the Issuer. However the market risk is transferred to the investor. 
Principal protected or not 
The Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may issue "non-principal protected" Notes, meaning 
Notes under which the investor stands the risk of losing all or part of its investment in the event of a negative 
performance in the Reference Asset. A Note where the terms of which are such that the investor is always 
entitled to receive a nominal amount (or a certain minimum amount) are normally referred to as "principal 
protected" Notes. It should be noted however that the investor also risks losing its investment where it 
invests in a principal protected Note, since repayment of the investment is dependent on the Issuer having 
sufficient funds to perform its payment obligations. The principal protection, therefore, only means that the 
investor is entitled to receive repayment of a certain minimum amount on the redemption date irrespective 
of the performance in the relevant Reference Asset of the Note. Further information with respect to different 
types of Reference Assets for structured Notes is provided under the heading "Different types of Notes" 
below. 
Listing 
Notes may be listed for trading on any of the stock exchanges or marketplace specified in this Base 
Prospectus; however, certain Notes may be tailored specifically to suit a particular investor or group of 
investors that seek exposure to a specific risk or market. Such Notes will normally not be intended for 
public trading or frequent transfer, although the Notes will in principle be a freely transferable instrument. 
Status 
Notes issued under the Programme constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu with the Issuer's unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
Terms and Conditions – Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions 
The Programme is one of the Issuer's platforms for borrowings in the debt capital markets and is primarily 
intended to be used for issuance in certain Member States of the European Economic Area. The Programme 
constitutes an efficient platform upon which the Issuer can relatively frequently and quickly raise funding 
in the aforementioned markets. One of the most important features of the Programme is the Terms and

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
Conditions, set out in their entirety in this Base Prospectus, as these apply to all Notes issued pursuant to 
the Programme. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and general in nature and are intended to cover 
a large number of different types of Notes. The Terms and Conditions are therefore relatively extensive and 
complicated. 
Final Terms 
Final Terms are prepared for each series of Notes. A form of Final Terms is set out in this Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms specifies the terms and conditions for each series of Notes and constitute the full terms 
and conditions for the relevant series of Notes when applied together with the Terms and Conditions. Thus, 
the Final Terms must always be read together with the Terms and Conditions in order to obtain a complete 
understanding of the terms and conditions applicable to a tranche of Notes. The Final Terms will specify, 
among other things, the nominal amount, denomination, type of note and method of calculation of yield or 
interest under the specific series of Notes. The Final Terms will also contain the relevant Issue Price, which 
may be an indicative value, or a range of values, pending feedback from the offering process. Where the 
Issue Price is indicative, the Issuer will determine the final Issue Price of the Notes pursuant to Article 17 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in its sole discretion, taking into account investor demand during the 
offering process. The Issue Price will, if applicable, also include expenses to the extent known. If the Issue 
Price is determined after publication of the final terms, the Issue Price will be announced by the Issuer 
through the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. 
Final Terms for Notes which are offered to the public or otherwise admitted to trading on an exchange are 
filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Final Terms that are filed accordingly will be published and made 
available on the Issuer's website (www.nordea.com, www.nordea.no, www.nordea.dk, www.nordea.fi or 
www.nordea.se). 
Different types of Notes 
As described above, a Note represents a right to demand and receive a certain performance from the Issuer, 
in the form of a cash payment. A Note is usually interest bearing or carries another form of yield. Notes 
where the redemption amount or the yield is linked to and determined on the basis of a Reference Asset are 
often referred to as structured Notes (see further below). The interest or other yield under a structured Note 
is often variable and not guaranteed and, where also the redemption amount is linked to the Reference 
Asset, the investor may under certain structured Notes bear the risk of losing a significant part of the 
investment (or the entire investment) in certain cases of negative performance in the Reference Asset. 
This section contains a presentation of the main types of Notes that the Issuer intends to issue pursuant to 
the Programme and the most common types of Reference Assets. The main types of Notes and their interest 
and repayment features, are presented immediately below. 
Reference Assets and Baskets 
The Redemption Amount and/or interest payments in relation to the Notes may be determined by reference 
to the performance of one or more Reference Assets. Reference Assets may include shares, indices, 
commodities, futures contracts, interest rates, exchange rates, fund units and/or the credit standing of one 
or more Reference Entities. A group of reference assets is referred to as a Basket.  
In a mixed portfolio Note, the yield and/or redemption amount is linked to the performance of one or more 
Baskets of Reference Assets which may contain different types of asset. The assets in a Basket may be 
assigned different weights and will thereby influence the yield and/or redemption amount according to their 
respective weight. Different asset types can form part of the same Basket and there may be several Baskets 
with different types of assets that are compared against each other. 
Coupon and zero coupon Notes 
Coupon or interest-bearing Notes pay interest and/or yield on a continuing basis during the term of the Note 
or, alternatively, on the conditions specified for the Note. 
Zero coupon Notes are non interest bearing. These Notes are normally issued at a discount, i.e. the Issuer 
receives an amount on the issue date which is lower than the nominal amount of the Note and pays the 
nominal amount on the redemption date or, alternatively, the Issuer receives the nominal amount for the 
Note on issue and pays the nominal amount plus an enhanced amount on the redemption date.

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
Notes may be issued as coupon notes or as zero coupon Notes or as a combination of both. Structured Notes 
under which the redemption amount is linked to the performance of various types of Reference Assets may 
or may not provide for payment of interest or other yield on a continuing basis. 
Amortising Notes 
The Issuer may issue amortising Notes, being Notes where the principal amount is repaid in instalments. 
Interest bearing Notes 
Interest-bearing Notes typically accrue a fixed, floating or variable interest. A floating rate of interest is 
often composed of a variable interest base rate such as STIBOR, EURIBOR or such other relevant rate as 
may be specified in the Final Terms, plus or minus a fixed interest margin; instruments with floating interest 
rates are frequently referred to as floating rate notes, whereas under Notes with fixed interest, the rate of 
interest is fixed. Under a Note with inverse floating interest, there may be a fixed rate of interest less a rate 
of interest based on a reference rate such as STIBOR, EURIBOR or such other relevant rate as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. The interest may be adjustable and adjusted after each interest period. There 
are also Notes where the interest structure is changed during the term to maturity. For example, a fixed rate 
may be paid initially but the interest may subsequently change to a floating rate; or the interest may, for 
example, be increased after a certain period of time, referred to as interest step-up. 
Structured Notes may be interest and/or inflation based in the sense that they are structured with a yield 
based on one or more rates of interest and/or Inflation Indices. The structure of such Notes may include 
multipliers, caps/floors, swaptions and/or combinations thereof. The structured yield can depend on 
whether one or more specified interest rates or Inflation Indices move within certain predetermined ranges. 
The structured yield can also depend on the yield in previous periods and the structured Notes can contain 
interest or inflation based triggers that can alter the structure of the yield or force early redemption. 
Interest Deferral 
If Interest Deferral is specified as applicable to the Notes then all payments of interest that would otherwise 
fall due in accordance with the interest structure(s) applicable to the Notes, shall be deferred until the earlier 
of the Redemption Date or the Early Redemption Date on which the Notes are redeemed in full. 
Inflation-linked Notes or Notes with Inflation Indices as Reference Assets 
Inflation linked Notes are Notes with or without an inflation-linked rate of interest and with an inflation-
linked redemption amount. The rate of interest may be fixed or floating. If Notes are not interest-bearing, 
an inflation-linked redemption amount is paid only upon maturity. Notes may also be issued which have 
one or more Inflation Indices as a Reference Asset. The calculation of inflation is based on a consumer 
price index or other similar measure of the relative prices of assets, goods and/or services over time. Such 
index may be comprised of statistics that do not necessarily reflect the actual inflation exposure of the 
individual investor. The interest amount and the principal amount payable in relation to the Notes will be 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Equity-linked Notes 
Under an equity-linked Note, the yield and/or redemption amount depend on the performance of one or 
more equities (including units in exchange-traded funds), equity indices or baskets of equities, and/or equity 
indices or equity markets. The risk exposure under an equity-linked Note may be directed at certain markets 
or certain industries. There may be Notes where the underlying index or equity/equities relate to companies 
with a certain credit rating, as well as Notes where the Reference Assets are shares in venture capital 
companies. 
An equity-linked Note may (but does not always) provide for a minimum predetermined yield, normally in 
the form of interest, in addition to the equity-linked yield. The Issuer may structure an equity-linked Note 
so that the yield increases or decreases depending on the movements in the relevant equity instrument or 
index during the term. 
Equity-linked Notes may have a variable degree of exposure to the Reference Asset. The Notes may be 
issued at a premium which is lost, or the right to repayment of an invested amount may be lost in whole or 
in part, if the Reference Asset performs disadvantageously for the investor or in relation to a relevant 
comparison figure (and vice versa if the performance of the Reference Asset is positive). Alternatively,

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
there may be a more limited link to the value of the Reference Asset, and thus a lower exposure to the 
relevant equity. For example, there are Notes which pay a predetermined minimum yield despite that the 
Reference Asset performs negatively. However, such Notes generally provide a more limited yield in a 
scenario where the Reference Asset performs well, as compared to Notes without minimum yield. 
Reverse Convertible Notes 
In a reverse convertible Note, the Reference Asset is normally composed of a share index or a basket of 
shares indices, or exchange-tracked fund units. Repayment of the principal amount will depend on the 
performance of the underlying Reference Assets, and the Redemption Amount may be less than the 
principal amount of the Notes if the performance of the Reference Assets falls below a pre-determined 
barrier level. A reverse convertible Note may include a fixed yield element. 
Credit-linked Notes 
Credit-linked Notes are notes where the right to receive interest and/or the redemption amount is linked to 
certain reference credits or credit indices. The interest and/or redemption amount depend on whether a so-
called "credit event" occurs during the term of the Note (as further described below). The reference credits 
may be credits or baskets of credits related to specified companies or sovereigns such as governments, 
municipalities county councils (each a so-called reference entity) or credit indices. The reference credits 
may consist of existing, future, conditional or unconditional payment obligations under debt instruments, 
for example, loan- or credit agreements, bonds or commercial paper (irrespective of term to maturity), 
financing commitments, payment obligations in respect of deposits, letters of credit, guarantee or surety 
commitments or other undertakings in respect of the payment obligations of a third party. These payment 
obligations may include both subordinated and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant reference entity. 
Generally speaking, subordinated obligations will carry a higher degree of credit risk than unsubordinated 
obligations of the same reference entity. 
The interest and/or the redemption amount under a credit-linked Note may thus depend on the credit risk 
associated with one or more reference entities, i.e. the companies or other entities which are obliged to 
perform under the relevant reference credits. Credit-linked Notes are often issued and priced on the basis 
of the credit ratings of the reference credits or reference entities. The rate of interest on the Notes is higher 
the lower the credit rating of the reference credits/entities. The higher interest on the Notes is intended to 
compensate for the higher risk associated with a low rating of the reference credits/entities, i.e. an increased 
anticipated likelihood that a credit event will occur. A credit event normally consists of payment default, 
bankruptcy or other insolvency related proceeding or other event that would typically affect the likelihood 
of a creditor to receive repayment in full pursuant to the terms and conditions of the reference credit. A 
credit event may result in an investor losing the right to receive interest and/or the redemption amount (in 
full or in part) on the Notes. Some credit-linked Notes are structured so that the interest and/or redemption 
amount is determined only on the basis of the first credit event, while other structures may take one or 
several credit events into account and gradually reduce the yield/redemption amount. The relevant reference 
credits as well as the reference entities may (if applicable) be clearly stated in the relevant Final Terms of 
each series of credit-linked Notes. 
Credit-linked Notes may be issued in several tranches, all of which relate to the same reference 
credits/entities. The tranches would then generally have different ranking and risk so that credit events are 
allocated towards the tranches in their order of seniority (i.e. the lowest ranking would bear the first losses 
etc). 
Fund-linked Notes 
Under a fund-linked Note, the yield and/or the redemption amount depends on the performance of one or 
more funds, including hedge funds, so-called fund of funds (a fund of funds is a fund which invests in one 
or more funds), fund indices or baskets of funds. The funds may be domestic or foreign and managed by 
well-known or less well known fund managers. Some of the funds are so called UCITS funds whereas other 
funds have not been approved by (and thus not under supervision of) any relevant supervisory authority. 
The funds may be organised as mutual funds or in corporate form. Examples of funds that are often 
organised in corporate form are the private equity funds, hedge funds and/or fund of funds. Not all funds 
are subject to investor protection rules similar to those that apply to UCITS. Funds and fund of funds have 
different types of investment strategies and different risk levels and a fund index may relate to a number of 
different funds. The investment scope and strategy of the individual funds and other material information 
will be clearly stated in the relevant Final Terms. Further, it is important to note that the fund rules of many

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
funds or funds of funds provide various restrictions with respect to redemption of fund units, for example, 
it may be possible to redeem units only on a limited number of times during a year or in a minimum or 
maximum amount and there may be circumstances under which redemption is closed entirely. Further it is 
important to note that in certain funds or funds of funds the liquidity might be limited or non existent. Such 
liquidity restrictions are generally mirrored in the fund-linked Notes and are therefore relevant to the 
investor in the Notes as they may result in delayed (or cancelled) redemption of the Notes. 
Commodity-linked Notes 
In a commodity-linked Note, the yield or redemption amount depends on the value of one or more 
commodities, a commodities index or a basket of commodities and/or commodities indices, or a relevant 
comparison figure for the Reference Asset. Commodities that may be used as Reference Assets include, 
but are not limited to, electricity, oil, gold, emission rights, aluminium, copper and zinc. 
Currency-linked Notes 
In a currency-linked Note, the yield or redemption amount depends on the value of one or more currencies 
or baskets thereof, or a relevant comparison figure for the underlying currency and/or rates of exchange of 
one or more currencies in relation to each other. The value of one or more currencies or relevant exchange 
rates may be determined by reference to spot or forward rates and may be generated from official sources 
such as published benchmarks, but also by reference to private trades on the currency market or on the basis 
of quotes from a number of independent banks. 
Index-linked Notes 
In an index-linked Note, the yield and/or redemption amount depends on the performance of one or more 
indices or baskets of indices. The risk exposure under an index-linked Note may be directed at certain 
markets, industries or certain types of assets. Examples of indices which may be relevant include property 
indices, commodities indices, equity indices, inflation indices and indices for other types of assets. 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining indices 
portfolios or strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, "Proprietary Indices"). 
These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the 
methodology for determining the composition and the calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the 
"Rules"). 
The complete set of Rules of any such index and information on the performance of the index will be freely 
accessible on the Issuer's or on the Index Sponsor's website. The governing rules (including methodology 
of the Index for the selection and the re-balancing of the components of the Index, a description of market 
disruption events and any applicable adjustment rules) will be based on predetermined and objective 
criteria. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following indices are provided by legal entities acting in 
association with, or on behalf of, the Issuer and its affiliates: 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information 
about the Index 
NQNDMOT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Momentum TR 
Index 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDVOT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Volatility TR 
Index 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information 
about the Index 
NQNDDIT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend TR 
Index 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend 
Momentum Swe 
TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDVT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend 
Volatility Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Momentum 
Volatility Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEUROP 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Momentum 
Volatility 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEUROT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Momentum 
Volatility 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEURON 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Momentum 
Volatility 
Eurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUROP 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend 
Momentum Beta 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUROT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend 
Momentum Beta 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEURON 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Dividend 
Momentum Beta 
Eurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information 
about the Index 
NQNDMFEEUROP 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUROT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEURON 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone NR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
 
Nasdaq and Nordea have jointly designed the selection criteria and rebalancing rules for the Indices listed 
above. Nasdaq is responsible for the methodology, calculation, dissemination and administration of the 
Indices. 
Green Notes 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes whether directly or indirectly, 
for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purports to promote climate-
friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Assets") and any such Tranche of Notes being referred 
to as the "Green Notes" and the amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Green Notes 
being referred to as the "Green Notes Proceeds").  
 
Prospective investors in any Green Notes should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms 
regarding such use of Green Notes Proceeds, seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other 
professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Green Notes before deciding to invest and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is 
given by the Issuer or any other person that the use of such Green Notes Proceeds for any Green Assets 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
 
Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or any other person that the Green Assets will 
meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or any similar labels (including under 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.   
 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular 
with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes. Any such opinion or certification 
is only current as of the date on which it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that 
underlie such opinion or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective investors in any Green 
Notes must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
 
If any such Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that 
such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading or 
display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance 
is given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading or display 
will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading or display will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply Green Notes Proceeds for Green Assets in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that (i) the relevant Green 
Asset and the use of such Green Notes Proceeds will be, or will be capable of being, implemented in, or 
substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly any such 
Green Notes Proceeds will be wholly or partially used for such Green Assets or (ii) such Green Assets will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
 
Any such event or failure to apply Green Notes Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms, or any failure to provide or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment or 
to obtain any third party opinion, certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such opinion, certification 
or label), or any Green Assets ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Green Notes, 
or the fact that the maturity of an Green Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Green Notes, 
will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Notes, (ii) give rise to any other claim 
or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Green Notes) of a holder of such 
Green Notes against the Issuer or the Dealers or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such 
Green Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green Notes.  
 
Any such event or failure to apply Green Notes Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms as aforesaid and/or withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or 
certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such 
opinion or certification was given, or any such third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is 
not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, with respect to any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Notes and also potentially the value of any other Green 
Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) there is no direct or contractual link between Green Notes and the Green 
Assets (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, the  
Green Notes shall depend on the performance of the relevant Green Assets or the performance of the Issuer 
in respect of any such environmental or similar targets, (ii) Green Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool 
and to write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is 
not a Green Note (see the section entitled "Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, including in a manner which may result in holders of the 
Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than 
the Notes") and (iii) Green Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully available to cover any and all losses 
arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in the same way as the Issuer's other instruments not classified 
as Green Notes) regardless of their “green” or other similar label.

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
The performance structure – a description 
The performance structures described below determine the manner in which the performance of the relevant 
Reference Assets (as described for each type of Note described above) affects the yield and/or the 
redemption amount under the Notes. The performance structures set forth below may be applied to several 
of the aforementioned types of Notes. Structured Notes may, in many cases, correspond in terms of risk 
and functionality to combinations of several types of traditional instruments, for example, a bond combined 
with a share, a fund unit and/or a derivative instrument. The value of a structured Note will be affected by 
the value of the Reference Asset. The value of the Reference Asset is sometimes determined at a number 
of occasions during the term of the Notes and sometime only at maturity. The performance may be positive 
or negative for the investor. Thus, the investor's right to yield and, where applicable, payment of the 
redemption amount is a function of the performance of the Reference Asset and the applicable performance 
structure. Investors will be notified of the relevant performance as well as yield and redemption amount in 
accordance with (and to the extent required by) the Terms and Conditions and Final Terms of the relevant 
Notes. 
The performance structures described below represent a selection of the most common structures. The 
structures may be combined, varied and used in their entirety or only in part. 
The Redemption Amount of the Notes may be a combination of a fixed amount (the "Base Redemption 
Amount") and one or more additional amounts (an "Additional Amount") determined in accordance with 
one or more of the performance structures specified below. 
The Additional Amount may be added to, or subtracted from, the Base Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount payable at maturity, and may be negative. As a result, a 
Noteholder may in certain circumstances receive less than the Principal Amount of the Notes upon their 
final redemption. The Final Terms will specify which of the performance structures is applicable to each 
Series of Notes. 
The Additional Amount may alternatively be payable on a different date to the Redemption Date, the date 
on which the Additional Amount is payable being the "Alternative Additional Amount Payment Date" 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Base Redemption Amount will 
be payable on the Redemption Date. 
"Basket Long" and "Basket Short" structures 
The basic method for calculation of performance under a structured Note compares the change between the 
initial price and the Final Price of one or more Reference Assets (a group of Reference Assets being referred 
to as a "Basket"). In order to mitigate the impact of temporary value fluctuations in the Reference Asset, 
the performance of the Reference Asset may be determined on the basis of an average value during the term 
of the Notes (i.e. there are several valuation points during the term of the Notes). In some Notes however, 
the value is determined on the basis of a single valuation. In a "Basket Long" structure, the positive 
performance of the Reference Assets within the Basket will have a positive effect on the return on the 
Notes, whereas in a "Basket Short" structure, the positive performance of the Reference Assets will have 
a negative effect on the return on the Notes. 
The performance of an individual Reference Asset, or the Basket as a whole, may also be subject to a floor, 
which acts as a minimum level of performance, or a cap, which acts as a maximum level of performance. 
The Basket Long and Basket Short structures are building blocks which form part of many other 
performance structures. 
"Barrier" structures 
This structure provides for a fixed return on the Basket which replaces the actual final return if the Basket 
Return reaches and/or exceeds a price cap (a "Barrier Outperformance" structure) or is less than a price 
floor (a "Barrier Underperformance" structure). The structure may also be linked to one or more best or 
worst performing Reference Assets, rather than the performance of the Basket as a whole.

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
Autocallable structures 
The return on the Notes depends on (i) the Basket Return, (ii) different barrier levels and (iii) the Coupon 
(if any), as defined below. 
If the Basket Return on any Observation Date is at or above a specified call barrier level, then the Notes 
will be called for early redemption on the Early Redemption Date immediately following that Observation 
Date and the whole Principal Amount of the Notes will be repaid. A pre-determined Coupon may also be 
payable, either on the relevant early redemption date or such other dates(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Basket Return is below the Risk Barrier Level on any Risk Barrier Observation Date, the relevant 
Redemption Amount will be equal to the sum of the Base Redemption Amount of the Notes and an 
Additional Amount equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Participation Ratio and 
the lower of the Basket Return on the Valuation Date, and a pre-determined maximum Basket Return (if 
applicable); and 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Risk Barrier Level on the Risk Barrier Observation Date(s), the 
relevant Redemption Amount will be equal to the sum of the Base Redemption Amount of the Notes and 
an Additional Amount which will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the 
Participation Ratio 2 and the higher of a pre-determined minimum Basket Return or the Basket Return (if 
applicable) on the Valuation Date. 
Different fixing methods and different weighting methods (e.g. worst of, best of, momentum etc.) may be 
used for the purposes of determining the Basket Return on any Observation Date. 
If the Basket Return is above the Coupon Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Notes may also pay 
Interest (known as the "Coupon"). The Coupon may be structured in one of the following ways: 
If the Coupon type is "Flat", the Coupon will be the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the 
relevant Coupon Rate. 
If the Coupon type is "Memory", the Coupon will depend on the number of Coupons already paid in the 
lifetime of the Notes. The Coupon will be the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by a predefined 
Coupon Rate and multiplied by the number of preceding Interest Payment Dates, (up to and including the 
current Interest Payment Date), for which a Coupon has not been paid. 
If the Coupon type is "Plus Flat", the Coupon will be the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the 
higher of the Basket Return and the Coupon Rate. 
If the Coupon type is "Plus Memory", the Coupon will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes 
multiplied by the higher of: a) the Coupon Rate multiplied by the number of preceding Interest Payment 
Dates, (up to and including the current Interest Payment Date), for which a Coupon has not been paid; and 
(b) the Basket Return. 
If the "Best of/Worst of Modifier" (as set out below) is applied to the Autocallable Structure, the Additional 
Amount (and any early redemption amount) will be determined by reference to the Final Price of the Nth 
best or worst performing Reference Asset rather than the Basket as a whole. The value of N will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Autocallable Rate structure 
If the value of an underlying Reference Rate either out-performs or under-performs a pre-determined risk 
barrier level, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Autocall Condition"), the Notes will be subject 
to early redemption. If the Autocall Condition is not satisfied prior to the final Valuation Date, the Notes 
will be redeemed on the Redemption Date. 
"Replacement Basket" structures 
In a Replacement Basket structure, the return generated by certain Reference Assets is replaced with a pre-
determined figure. The performance of each Reference Asset is measured separately at the end of the Notes' 
term, and the performances are ranked based on the relative percentage return of each Reference Asset. The

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
returns relating to a certain number of the best ranked Reference Assets are replaced by pre-determined 
percentage value for the purposes of determining the overall Basket Return. 
"Locally Capped Basket" structures 
In a Locally Capped basket structure, the return generated by each Reference Asset is subject to a pre-
determined cap on the Reference Asset Return.  
"Rainbow Basket" structures 
For the Rainbow Basket, the weightings of each Reference Asset will be set at maturity in a pre-determined 
manner. All Reference Asset Returns are measured separately at the maturity and ranked based on the 
relative performance. The weightings for each Reference Asset are then set based on this order in the 
manner specified in the Final Terms. Depending on the relationship between the relative ranking of each 
Reference Asset and the applicable weighting within the Basket, the Rainbow Basket structure may increase 
or decrease the relative contribution that either the best or worst performing Reference Assets will make to 
the overall Redemption Amount. 
"Booster" structures 
Booster structures can have a positive or negative return, based on the performance of the underlying 
Reference Asset(s). The return will be added to, or subtracted from, the Principal Amount of the Notes for 
the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount payable at maturity. As a result, a Noteholder may in 
certain circumstances receive less than the Principal Amount of the Notes upon their final redemption. 
Booster structures may also have different participation ratios depending on whether or not the performance 
of the Reference Assets is positive or negative, thereby increasing or decreasing the Noteholders' exposure 
to the performance of the relevant Reference Assets. 
"Twin Win" structure 
The Additional Amount is calculated in a manner similar to the Basket Long structure – if the performance 
of the Basket is positive the Additional Amount will also be positive. Additionally, if the performance of 
the Basket is negative but above a predetermined barrier level, then the Additional Amount will also be 
positive. If the performance of the Basket is negative but below the relevant barrier level, then the 
Additional Amount will also be negative and the Redemption Amount will be less than the Principal 
Amount of the Notes. 
Risk Barrier structures 
Risk barrier structures deliver a positive or negative return depending on the performance of the Basket as 
compared to both: (i) the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date and (ii) a pre-determined barrier 
level on certain other days during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Bonus Booster structures 
The product is similar to the basic Booster structure described above, except that at maturity a pre-
determined bonus payout may apply if the Basket Return is never below the relevant barrier level on the 
relevant Valuation Date(s). 
Cliquet structure 
The payout in the Cliquet structure is dependent on the accumulated sum of the relative (percentage) 
changes in the underlying Basket for a number of pre-determined Valuation Periods during the lifetime of 
the Notes. The Cliquet structure also has some specific features that can be used: 
• 
The relative changes in the underlying Basket can also be locally capped and/or floored for each 
individual Valuation Period. 
• 
The accumulated sum of the relative changes can also be subject to a global cap or floor. 
The product may also have a lock-in feature. This means that if the cumulative return on any Valuation 
Date has reached a predefined Lock-in Level, the final payment will be at least that Lock-in Level. There 
can be many different Lock-in Levels, and there can be no assurance that any given Lock-in Level will be 
reached during the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
Reverse Cliquet structure 
A Reverse Cliquet structure, rather than accumulating returns, pays out a sum at maturity equivalent to a 
set percentage rate minus the accumulated sum of the relative changes in the underlying Basket for a number 
of pre-determined Valuation Periods during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Replacement Cliquet structure 
Similarly to a standard Cliquet structure, the return generated in a Replacement Cliquet structure is equal 
to the cumulative sum of the Basket's periodic performances. However, whereas a standard Cliquet structure 
often has local caps and floors for the periodic performance, the Replacement Cliquet structure instead 
replaces the returns of a certain number of the best performing Valuation Periods with a predefined value. 
Reverse Replacement Cliquet structure 
The Reverse Replacement Cliquet structure is a variation of the basic Replacement Cliquet Structure, but 
it replaces the returns of a certain number of the best performing Valuation Periods with a predefined value. 
Rainbow Replacement Cliquet structure 
The Rainbow Replacement Cliquet structure describes a Note where the weight of each Reference Asset is 
determined after the performance of each Reference Asset is known, following the principle that the best 
performing underlying is given the highest weight, and so forth. The performance of each individual 
Reference Asset is calculated on the same basis as the basic Cliquet structure, and represents the 
accumulated sum of the relative changes in the underlying Reference Asset for each Valuation Period 
during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Reverse Convertible structure 
Reverse convertibles are structured Notes offering interest payments which are not dependent on the 
performance of the underlying Basket. At maturity the proportion of the Principal Amount which is paid 
back will depend on the performance of the underlying Basket. 
If the aggregate underlying performance of the Reference Assets within the Basket is positive then the 
Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes. 
If the aggregate underlying performance of the Reference Assets within the Basket is below a set threshold, 
then the Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes, less an amount calculated 
by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and the relevant Basket Return. 
Reverse Convertible Risk Barrier structure 
The structure is similar to the basic Reverse Convertible structure, except that the possible negative payout 
is determined by reference to a pre-determined barrier level on certain days during the lifetime of the Notes. 
If on any applicable Valuation Date the aggregate underlying performance of the Reference Assets within 
the Basket is below a certain pre-determined barrier level and is below the specified strike level on the final 
Valuation Date, the Principal Amount of the Notes will not be paid back in full. Instead, the Redemption 
Amount will be dependent on the performance of the Basket and will be equal to the Principal Amount of 
the Notes less an amount calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation 
Ratio and the relevant Basket Return. 
"Best of/Worst of" Reverse Convertible structure 
The structure is the same as the basic Reverse Convertible Risk Barrier structure, except that the possible 
reduced Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the worst performing Reference Asset. The 
performance of each Reference Asset is measured separately, and the payout on the Notes is based on the 
performance of the Nth best performing Reference Asset. 
Worst of Digital Memory Coupon structure 
The Worst of Digital Memory Coupon structure is a memory coupon structure with a payout that is 
conditional on the performance of the Reference Assets exceeding certain pre-determined barrier levels on 
a number of consecutive Valuation Dates.

--- Page 76 ---
- 74 - 
Worst of Call Option structure 
The Worst of Call Option structure gives the Noteholder an exposure to the worst performing Reference 
Asset in the Basket. The additional amount payable to the Noteholder will be the greater of zero, and the 
performance of the worst performing Reference Asset. 
Outperformance Option structure 
The Outperformance Option structure offers the investor the possibility of a ranked return on a Basket of 
underlying Reference Assets. Whereas the Additional Amount payable in relation to a normal Basket 
structure is dependent on the absolute performance of the relevant Basket, the pay out of an Outperformance 
Option structure is dependent on the relative performance of two Baskets ("Basket A" and "Basket B"), 
not on the absolute performance of either Basket. The outperformance option may compare the performance 
of two long baskets, two short baskets, or the performance of one long basket and one short basket. 
Credit-Linked Notes 
A credit-linked note ("CLN") is a Note where the Redemption Amount and, if relevant, Interest Payments 
depend on the occurrence of Credit Events in selected obligations of one or more Reference Entities. A 
Credit Event is a corporate event which typically is due to a credit deterioration of a Reference Entity, e.g. 
bankruptcy, failure to pay or restructuring of its debt (e.g. a lowering of future coupon payments or an 
extension of maturity). In addition, the interest and redemption payments depend on the ability of the 
Reference Entity/ies to make payments of principal or interest on its outstanding debt obligations. 
In case of a Credit Event affecting a Reference Entity, the Redemption Amount and, if relevant, any Interest 
Payments, may be reduced. The reduction of the nominal amount may be calculated using market recovery 
values or a predetermined fixed recovery value. If a fixed recovery value is used, the fixed recovery value 
may be zero. 
The interest in relation to a CLN is typically paid over time, but may also be paid at maturity. The interest 
may or may not depend on the occurrence of Credit Events. 
A distinction can be drawn between three principal types of CLN structures: 
(a) 
Non-tranched CLN, 
(b) 
Tranched CLN, and 
(c) 
Nth-to-Default / Nth and Nth+1-to-Default CLN. 
For the tranched and non-tranched CLN, the Redemption Amount and, if relevant, Interest Payments, are 
based on the weighted losses in the same or different portfolios of Reference Entities as a result of the 
occurrence of one or more Credit Events. 
For the Nth to default and Nth and Nth+1 to default CLNs, the Redemption Amount and, if relevant, Interest 
Payments, are based on the number and possibly order of Credit Events in the same reference portfolio. 
For tranched CLNs, the occurrence of a Credit Event may have no impact or a more than proportional 
impact on the future redemption value and, if relevant, coupon payments depending on the specific 
structure. 
For non-tranched CLNs, the reduction of the nominal amount due to Credit Events will affect the future 
redemption and, if relevant, coupon payments. Non-tranched CLN's may also be callable or puttable (i.e. 
redeemed at a single pre-specified point in time before scheduled maturity) at the discretion of the Issuer 
or the investor. In addition, Non-tranched CLN's may involve one or more additional payments. 
For Nth-to-Default CLNs, the occurrence of the first N-1 Credit Events will have no impact on the future 
redemption value and, if relevant, coupon payments. However, the impact of the Nth Credit Event will have 
a more than proportional impact on the future redemption value and, if relevant, coupon payments. 
Similarly, for Nth & Nth+1 to Default CLN's, the impact of the Nth and Nth+1 Credit Event will have a 
more than proportional impact on the future redemption value and, if relevant, coupon payments.

--- Page 77 ---
- 75 - 
Option CLN structure 
The purpose of the structure is to provide exposure to the development of credit risk (i.e. the risk of Credit 
Events occurring) in a specific market, such as European or US investment grade entities, or high yield 
borrowers. The exposure is provided through the issuance of Notes which are linked to index CDS spreads. 
Index CDS spreads represent the cost of buying protection against the occurrence of Credit Events affecting 
the entities comprising the relevant index. Index CDS spreads may be viewed as proxies for the 
development of credit risk in specific markets as a whole, as they generally represent diversified portfolios 
of some of the most freely traded individual credit exposures in the relevant market. Index based credit 
default swaps are among the most widely traded credit derivatives, and are used by financial institutions 
and asset managers to manage the credit risk inherent in their investment portfolios. 
Using a single option payout, the Issuer may offer structures whereby the investor will benefit from a 
directional movement in credit spreads, e.g. either if credit spreads increase above a specified level or 
decrease below a specified level over the lifetime of the CLN. 
By combining two option payouts, the Issuer may offer structures where the investor would benefit both if 
credit spreads increase above a specified level and decrease below a specified level. The Issuer may also 
offer structures where the investor would benefit from a directional move in credit spreads, but where the 
potential benefit is limited. e.g. where the investor would benefit if credit spreads decrease down to a certain 
level, but where a further decrease below that level will not generate any incremental return. 
By combining three or four option payouts, the Issuer may offer additional structures. 
Mark to Market CDS structure 
The structure provides exposure to the mark-to-market (i.e. termination) value of one or more credit default 
swaps referencing the Reference Entities, or index of Reference Entities, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Digital Long and Short structures 
In a Digital Long structure, the Additional Amount will equal the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by a pre-determined Coupon level if the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date exceeds a pre-
determined strike level. If the Basket Return does not exceed the strike level the Additional Amount is zero. 
In a Digital Short structure the position is reversed, and the Additional Amount is zero if the Basket Return 
on the final Valuation Date is at or above the applicable strike level. 
Digital structures may also be combined with a best of/worst of feature, which means that the valuation 
points and Additional Amount will be determined by reference to the best or worst performing Reference 
Asset rather than the Basket as a whole. 
Series of Digitals 
The Series of Digitals pays a redemption amount that is proportionate to the number of Reference Assets 
within the Basket whose performance exceeds a pre-specified barrier level. Where a Reference Asset's 
performance does not exceed the relevant barrier level, it does not contribute to the return an investor 
receives on the Notes. 
"Delta 1" structure 
Under a "Delta 1" structure the investor in the Notes receives the current value of the Reference Asset on 
the redemption date, less any applicable fees and taxes. In this type of structure the investor is fully exposed 
to the performance of the underlying Reference Asset and the Note is not capital protected. 
Volatility Target structure 
The deemed exposure to the underlying Reference Asset(s) (the "Exposure") is determined by comparing: 
(i) 
the short term historical volatility of the underlying Reference Asset(s); and 
(ii) 
a target volatility (the "Target Volatility"),

--- Page 78 ---
- 76 - 
subject to a pre-determined cap or floor. 
When the short-term historical volatility of the underlying Reference Asset(s) increases, the deemed 
exposure to the underlying Reference Asset(s) decreases, and when the short-term historical volatility of 
the underlying Basket decreases, the deemed exposure to the underlying Reference Asset(s) increases. 
If the short-term historical volatility is greater than the Target Volatility, then the Exposure of the Notes to 
the underlying Reference Asset(s) will be less than 100%. If the short-term historical volatility is equal to 
the Target Volatility, then the Exposure of the Notes to the underlying Reference Asset(s) will be 100%. If 
the short-term historical volatility is less than the Target volatility, then the Exposure of the Notes to the 
underlying Reference Asset(s) will be greater than 100% (subject to any maximum or minimum levels as 
discussed above). 
On each Rebalancing Date, the terms and conditions will provide for the determination of a target level of 
Exposure (the "Target Exposure") in respect of the subsequent Rebalancing Period. The Hedging Party 
will then endeavour to establish Hedge Transactions which replicate a physical Exposure to the Reference 
Assets which is as near as possible to the Target Exposure. There may however be variations in the actual 
level of Exposure which the Hedging Party is able to generate, and the time at which the Exposure in 
relation to the Notes can be adjusted, as a result of the time lag between determination of the Target 
Exposure and the establishment of the relevant Hedge Transactions, and the terms and conditions applicable 
to the redemption, subscription and sale of the relevant Reference Assets by the Hedging Party. There will 
be no change in the actual Exposure in respect of the Notes until the relevant Hedge Transactions have been 
established by the Hedging Party. As a result of these factors, the actual Exposure in respect of the relevant 
Rebalancing Period may differ from the Target Exposure for such Rebalancing Period. 
In and Out Options 
The "In" and "Out" option structures are barrier options, which generate an Additional Amount depending 
on whether or not the Basket Return is above or below a predetermined barrier level specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Barrier Level"). The "Up and In" option structures will generate an Additional Amount linked 
to the performance of the relevant Basket if the Basket Return is at or above the relevant Barrier Level on 
any Valuation Date. In a "Down and In" option structure, an Additional Amount will be generated if the 
Basket Return is at or below the relevant Barrier Level on any Valuation Date. The Additional Amount 
may be positive or negative depending on whether or not the Option type is a "bought" option or a "sold" 
option respectively. 
The "Up and Out" option structures generate an Additional Amount linked to the performance of the 
relevant Basket if the Basket return is at or below the relevant Barrier Level on all Valuation Dates. In a 
"Down and Out" option structure an Additional Amount will be generated if the Basket Return is at or 
above the relevant Barrier Level on all Valuation Dates. The Additional Amount may be positive or 
negative depending on whether or not the Option type is a "bought" option or a "sold" option respectively. 
Each of the "In" and "Out" option structures may be based on either an underlying "Basket Long" or 
"Basket Short" structure. The "In" and "Out" option structures may also pay a fixed rate of return know as 
a 'coupon' or a 'rebate' in the event that they do not generate an Additional Amount linked to the performance 
of the relevant Basket. In a "bought" option structure the coupon or rebate will be payable to the 
Noteholder, whereas in a "sold" option structure the coupon or rebate will be payable by the Noteholder 
and may therefore result in a negative Additional Amount (which may be deducted from the Base 
Redemption Amount). 
Booster Risk Barrier 2 
The Booster Risk Barrier 2 structure is a combination of an "at the money" call option, and an "out of the 
money" put option. The strike price for the call option is set at the prevailing price of the Reference Asset 
or Basket as at the issue date of the relevant Notes. If the value of the Reference Assets or Basket exceeds 
a pre-determined barrier level, the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal 
Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return (calculated on the Basket Long 
basis described above). The strike price for the put option is set below the prevailing price of the Reference 
Asset or Basket at the issue date of the relevant Notes, and so if the value of the Reference Asset or Basket 
depreciates below the specified barrier level, the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the 
Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket Return (calculated on the Basket 
Short basis described above).

--- Page 79 ---
- 77 - 
Steepner 
The Steepner measures the relative performance of two underlying rates. If the difference between the first 
rate and the second rate is at or above the upper Barrier Level, the Notes will generate a positive return. If 
the difference between the first rate and the second rate is below the lower Barrier Level, the overall return 
on the Notes will be reduced in proportion to the downside performance. The product may have either one 
Barrier Level (in which case the upper and the lower Barrier Level will be the same) or two Barrier Levels; 
products with two Barrier Levels will repay the principal amount of the Notes if the difference between the 
two underlying rates falls between the respective Barrier Levels. 
FX Components 
The Base Redemption Amount, the Additional Amount, the Redemption Amount or the Reference Asset 
Return determined in accordance with one of the performance structures specified above may also be 
multiplied by an applicable FX factor for the purposes of determining the total amount payable to holders, 
which reflects the variations in an underlying exchange rate during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Best of/Worst of Modifier 
Performance structures may be modified so that the valuations, observations, Redemption Amount and 
Additional Amount are all determined by reference to the Nth best (or worst) performing Reference Asset, 
where N shall be a pre-specified value given in the Final Terms. 
Lookback Initial Price Modifier 
If the Lookback Initial Price is applicable to the Notes, the Additional Amount in relation to the Notes will 
be calculated by reference to either the highest or the lowest initial price during the relevant observation 
period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Lookback Final Price Modifier 
If the Lookback Final Price is applicable to the Notes, the Additional Amount in relation to the Notes will 
be calculated by reference to either the highest or the lowest Final Price during the relevant observation 
period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Lock-in Modifier 
If the Lock-in Modifier is applicable to the Notes, the Basket Return shall be replaced by the Lock-in Basket 
Return for the purposes of calculating the Additional Amount in accordance with one or more of the 
foregoing performance structure(s). The "Lock-in Basket Return" will be the highest Basket Return on 
any Valuation Date. 
Lock-in Basket Floor 
If the Lock-in Basket Floor is applicable to the Notes, then if the Basket Return exceeds the relevant barrier 
level on any Valuation Date, the Basket Return will be replaced with the higher of the Basket Return and a 
pre-determined minimum Basket Return for the purposes of determining the Additional Amount in 
accordance with the relevant performance structure. 
Plateau Booster 
If the Plateau Booster is applicable to the Notes, then (a) if the Basket Return is below the pre-determined 
Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the 
principal amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date 
(which may result in a redemption amount of less than the principal amount of the Notes), (b) if the Basket 
Return is at or above the pre-determined Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date and the Call Performance 
is below the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero, and (c) 
if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date and the Call Performance 
is greater than or equal to the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will 
(i) if the Call Performance is less than the pre-determined OTM Strike be equal to the Principal Amount of 
the Notes multiplied by the pre-determined Gearing and lower of the Call Performance and the pre-
determined Cap or (ii) if the Call Performance is greater than or equal to the OTM Strike be equal to the

--- Page 80 ---
- 78 - 
amount calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and the Call 
Performance. 
Combination of Structures 
The Issuer may combine the performance structures relating to the Notes, by applying different or combined 
performance structures to different Reference Assets within the Basket or to different sub-Baskets, or by 
applying different performance structures depending on whether or not the Basket Return has exceeded 
certain pre-determined barrier levels within the overall lifetime of the Notes. 
Other factors which may affect the redemption amount or yield under a Note 
The different types of Notes and the performance structures described above may be combined with one or 
several of the variables described below. These variables may affect the investor's risk and the yield and/or 
the redemption amount under the Notes. 
Absolute figures or percentage changes 
The reference figures which may form part of the performance structures described above for determining 
performance may be an absolute figure or be expressed as a percentage. 
Early redemption 
In a Note with an early redemption feature, the Issuer is entitled to redeem the Note before the stated 
maturity date if the price of a Reference Asset or Basket during the term of the Notes reaches a certain 
predetermined level (referred to as a call option) or for other reasons. In certain cases, a predetermined early 
redemption amount may be specified. The Notes will be redeemed automatically on the relevant date(s) 
provided in the Conditions without the contractual requirement for the holders to submit an exercise notice. 
There are also structures which allow the investors to demand redemption of the Note prior to maturity, for 
example in order to lock in and realise a positive performance in the Reference Asset (referred to as a put 
option). The existence of a call or put option will be clearly stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Participation ratio 
The structure of the Notes may contain one or several participation ratios which is used to determine the 
exposure to the respective Reference Asset, i.e. the proportion of the change in value which accrues to the 
investor in each individual Note. The Participation Ratio is set by the Issuer and is determined by, among 
other things, the term, volatility, market interest rate and expected return on the Reference Asset. The 
Participation Ratio may also vary depending on the performance of the underlying Reference Asset(s). 
Premium or discount 
Notes may be issued at a premium or discount, which means that the investor pays on issue an amount that 
is higher or lower than the principal amount of the Notes. Zero coupon Notes are frequently issued at a 
discount. Structured Notes may be issued at a premium and the premium can be considered as the cost that 
the investor pays for being entitled to receive a comparatively larger part of a positive performance of the 
Reference Asset. The difference between the paid amount and the Notes' principal amount (the premium) 
is never covered by any minimum redemption feature of the Notes. 
Multipliers and leverage effects 
In certain structured Notes a multiplier is included against which the performance of the Reference Asset 
is multiplied, thereby significantly increasing the portion of the change in value which may be credited to 
the investor in a Note. A high multiplier often entails that the Note is issued at a higher premium. The 
multiplier will result in a more rapid loss of invested capital in the event of a negative performance of the 
Reference Asset. Notes with a multiplier always provide a floor so that a negative performance in the 
Reference Asset does not result in the value of the Notes becoming negative. 
Leveraged structures offer a higher exposure to the Reference Asset than the amount that the invested 
capital would otherwise allow. The leverage is often created by the application of a participation ratio or 
gearing factor which gives a greater than 100 per cent. exposure to the underlying Reference Assets. The 
leverage can sometimes vary over time according to a predefined mechanism. Such mechanism may also 
serve the purpose of keeping the leverage and/or the exposure to the Reference Assets within certain limits.

--- Page 81 ---
- 79 - 
Currency factors 
If the currency of the Reference Asset differs from the currency of the Notes, investors may be exposed to 
a currency risk relating to the exchange rate between the currency of the Notes and the currency of the 
Reference Asset. 
Alternatively, if "FX Components" are specified as being applicable to one or more performance 
structures, the Redemption Amount, the Additional Amount, the Basket Return or the Reference Asset 
Return may be adjusted by multiplying them by a factor which reflects the variation in one or more foreign 
exchange rates during the relevant time periods being measured or observed. 
"Rebalancing" 
Rebalancing is a continuous adjustment of the relationship between the exposure under a risk asset and 
invested principal. 
Averaging of Valuations 
When determining the starting value (initial price) and/or closing value (final price) of each Reference 
Asset, they can be calculated as an average of underlying closing values on pre-determined dates specified 
in the Final Terms ("Valuation Date Averaging"). Values for the underlying observations can be taken 
periodically (e.g. monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually). The Basket return payout is then 
calculated based on the performance of each Reference Asset over the life of the Note, taking the relevant 
weightings of each Reference Asset within the Basket into account. 
Strike Level 
The Strike Level (as specified in the Final Terms) may be set in such a way that the initial value assigned 
to one or more Reference Assets within the Basket for the purposes of measuring the relative performance 
of that Reference Asset, does not equal the initial spot market price of the relevant Reference Asset(s), 
creating Notes that may be "in" or "out" of the money on their issue date. For example, where the return 
on a Reference Asset is calculated by dividing the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset by its 
Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level, a Strike Level in excess of 100% will result in the investor 
receiving a proportionate return that is less than the relative performance of the Reference Asset. A Note 
which is out of the money on its issue date will result in the Noteholder potentially receiving a lower return 
than a direct investment in the relevant Reference Asset. Conversely a Note which is in the money on its 
issue date will result in a higher potential return than a direct investment in the relevant Reference Asset. 
An overall strike level (the "Basket Strike Level") may also be applied to the Basket as a whole. 
TOM Cumulative Strategy 
The TOM Cumulative Strategy replicates an investment in particular Reference Assets that is only made 
for a limited time period in each calendar month. At other times the Notes replicate an investment in a time 
deposit or other fixed income investment. 
Running PnL Strategy 
The Issuer may (but is not obliged) to provide secondary market prices for the Notes on a regular basis 
under normal market conditions. If the Running PnL strategy is applicable, then the secondary market prices 
quoted by the Issuer in relation to the Notes may be increased by a running fee, which will be determined 
by the Issuer in its sole discretion from time to time. 
Maximum and Minimum Redemption Amounts 
If a Maximum Redemption Amount is applicable, the Redemption Amount will be the lesser of: (i) the 
amount calculated on the basis of one or more of the performance structures outlined above, and (ii) a pre-
determined Maximum Redemption Amount as specified in the Final Terms. 
If a Minimum Redemption Amount is applicable, the Redemption Amount will be the greater of (i) the 
amount calculated in accordance with one of the performance structures outlined above and (ii) a pre-
determined Minimum Redemption Amount as specified in the Final Terms. 
If both a Maximum and a Minimum Redemption Amount are applicable, the Redemption Amount will be 
the greater of: (i) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (ii) the lower of (x) the amount calculated on the

--- Page 82 ---
- 80 - 
basis of one or more of the performance structures specified above and (y) the Maximum Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 83 ---
- 81 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be applicable to each Series of Notes. 
PART 1: – GENERAL CONDITIONS 
The Notes are issued in accordance with a fiscal agency agreement, (as amended and/or restated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") dated 17 December 2021 and made between 
Nordea Bank Abp, (the "Issuer") Citibank N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank N.A., London Branch in its capacity as 
such), Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to 
Citibank Europe Plc in its capacity as such), certain financial institutions named therein in their capacity as 
paying agents (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or 
additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement), Nordea Bank Abp 
in its capacity as issuing agent for VP Notes (as defined below) (the "VP Issuing Agent"), Nordea Bank 
Abp in its capacity as Norwegian paying agent for VPS Notes (the "VPS Paying Agent"), Nordea Bank 
Abp in its capacity as Swedish issuing agent for Swedish Notes (the "Swedish Issuing Agent") and Nordea 
Bank Abp in its capacity as Finnish issuing agent for Finnish Notes (the "Finnish Issuing Agent"). The 
Notes (other than the VP Notes, the VPS Notes, the Swedish Notes and the Finnish Notes) have the benefit 
of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 17 December 2021 (as amended and/or restated 
and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. Copies of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified office of each of 
the Paying Agents and the Registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations 
under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"), and 
each Tranche will be the subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") a copy of which, in the case of a 
Series in relation to which application has been made for admission to listing on the Official List of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on its regulated 
market, will be filed with Euronext Dublin and will be available for inspection at the specified office of 
each of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar on or before the date of issue of the Notes of 
such Series. 
Notes may be settled through the Danish Securities Centre, VP Securities A/S ("VP Notes" and the "VP", 
respectively), the Norwegian Central Securities Depository which will be Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS 
Notes" and "Euronext VPS", respectively), the Swedish Central Securities Depository which will be the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositary and Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB ("Swedish Notes" 
and "Euroclear Sweden", or through the Finnish Central Securities Depository which will be Euroclear 
Finland Ltd ("Finnish Notes" and "Euroclear Finland"). 
The VP Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the VP. VP 
Notes registered in the VP are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability 
under Danish law. 
The VPS Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes registered in Euronext VPS are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on 
free negotiability under Norwegian law. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Swedish Notes will be Euroclear Sweden (the "Swedish 
Registrar") in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). 
The Swedish Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euroclear 
Sweden. Swedish Notes registered in Euroclear Sweden are negotiable instruments and not subject to any 
restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Finnish Notes will be Euroclear Finland (the "Finnish Registrar") 
in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Fin. Laki 
arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fin. Laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended.

--- Page 84 ---
- 82 - 
The Finnish Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euroclear 
Finland. Finnish Notes registered in Euroclear Finland are negotiable instruments and not subject to any 
restrictions on free negotiability under Finnish law. 
References in these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") to Notes are to Notes of the relevant Series 
and any references to Coupons and Receipts, both as defined below, are to Coupons and Receipts relating 
to Notes of the relevant Series. 
1. 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply. 
"2006 ISDA 
Definitions" 
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"2021 ISDA 
Definitions" 
means the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series.  
"Additional 
Amount(s)" 
means the additional amount (or additional amounts) to be added 
to, or subtracted from, the Base Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount in accordance with 
the relevant Conditions. 
"Additional Financial 
Centre(s)" 
means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Adjusted Calculation 
Amount" 
means (in respect of Notes that bear credit-linked interest), the 
Calculation Amount as adjusted in accordance with the provisions 
of one of Conditions 5(h) (Non-Tranched CLN Interest) to (k) (Nth 
and Nth+1 to Default CLN Interest) inclusive or, in the case of all 
other Notes, the Original Calculation Amount. 
"Adjustment Spread" 
means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as 
a result of the replacement of the relevant Interest Base Rate with 
the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Interest Base Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a successor Rate for which no such 
recommendation has been made, or option provided, or in 
the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate the spread 
formula or methodology which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate as a result of the 
replacement of the Interest Base Rate with the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 85 ---
- 83 - 
"Affected Reference 
Asset" 
a Reference Asset (or part thereof) that is affected by one or more 
of Market Disruption, Disruption, Calculation Adjustment, 
Corrections, Extraordinary Events, Change in Law, Increased Costs 
of Hedging or Hedging Disruption. If the Reference Asset is 
constituted by a basket of underlying assets, Market Disruption, 
Market 
Disruption 
Commodity, 
Disruption, 
Calculation 
Adjustment, Corrections, Extraordinary Events, Change in Law, 
Increased Costs of Hedging or Hedging Disruption shall be deemed 
to have occurred only for such underlying asset or assets which are 
affected. 
"Aggregate Portfolio 
Exposure" 
means the sum of the Portfolio Exposures in respect of each Basket. 
"Autocall Condition" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(u) (Autocallable Rate). 
"Autocallable Notes" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Best of/Worst of 
Modifier). 
"Averaging Dates" 
the dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"Back Stop Date" 
means (i) in the case of Credit-Linked Notes, the date which is 365 
calendar days following the relevant Scheduled Redemption Date 
or Early Redemption Date (as applicable), following the issue by 
the Issuer of a Deferred Redemption Notice, and (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" 
means each barrier level specified in the Final Terms. 
"Base CPI"  
the value of the relevant Inflation Rate as determined at the 
Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date(s). 
"Base Currency" 
the currency in which the Reference Asset is denominated. 
"Base Redemption 
Amount" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket(s)" 
means the basket(s) of Reference Assets or Reference Entities 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Basket Participation" 
means the proportionate share of the Basket represented by each 
Reference Asset, determined as follows: 
 
If "Fixed Basket Participation" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Basket Participation will be the fixed percentage 
specified in the Final Terms in relation to the relevant Reference 
Asset; 
 
If "Rainbow Basket Participation" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Basket Participation will be determined by 
reference to the relative Reference Asset Return. Each Reference 
Asset will be assigned a ranking based on the Reference Asset 
Return as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the relevant 
performance structure specified in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at 
Maturity), and the Basket Participation of each Reference Asset will 
correspond to the Basket Participation shown against the relative 
ranking in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
If "Replacement Cliquet Basket Participation" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation will be 
determined by reference to the relative Replacement Cliquet 
Performance of the relevant Reference Asset. Each Reference Asset

--- Page 86 ---
- 84 - 
will be assigned a ranking based on the Replacement Cliquet 
Performance of the relevant Reference Asset as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(a)(xxiii) ("Rainbow 
Replacement Cliquet" structure), and the Basket Participation of 
each Reference Asset will correspond to the Basket Participation 
shown against the relative ranking in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
If "Momentum Basket Participation" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Basket Participation of each Reference 
Asset will initially be the value specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the Basket Participation will be rebalanced on 
each applicable Rebalancing Date by reference to the relative 
Rebalancing Performance of each Reference Asset. Each Reference 
Asset will be assigned a ranking based on the Rebalancing 
Performance of the relevant Reference Asset during the period from 
(and including) the immediately preceding Rebalancing Date to 
(and including) the current Rebalancing Date, and the Basket 
Participation of each Reference Asset for the Rebalancing Period 
commencing on the current Rebalancing Date will correspond to 
the Basket Participation shown against the relevant ranking in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
If "Accumulating Rainbow Basket Participation" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation will be 
determined by reference to the relative Reference Asset Return. 
Each Reference Asset will be assigned a ranking on the Issue Date, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and thereafter the Basket 
Participation will be recalculated on each Valuation Date based on 
the Reference Asset Return as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with the relevant performance structure specified in 
Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), and the Basket 
Participation of each Reference Asset for the next following 
Valuation Period will be reset and correspond to the Basket 
Participation shown against the relative ranking in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Basket Participation 
(Interest)" 
means the Basket Participation of each Reference Entity (Interest), 
determined as follows: 
 
If "Fixed Basket Participation (Interest)" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation (Interest) 
will be the fixed percentage specified in the Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Reference Entity (Interest); 
 
If "Rainbow Basket Participation (Interest)" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation (Interest) 
will be determined by reference to the relative Reference Entity 
Return. Each Reference Entity (Interest) will be assigned a ranking 
based on the Reference Asset Return as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with the relevant performance structure specified in 
Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), and the Basket 
Participation (Interest) of each Reference Entity (Interest) will 
correspond to the Basket Participation (Interest) shown against the 
relative ranking in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
If "Replacement Cliquet Basket Participation (Interest)" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation 
(Interest) will be determined by reference to the relative 
Replacement Cliquet Performance of the relevant Reference Entity 
(Interest). Each Reference Entity (Interest) will be assigned a 
ranking based on the Replacement Cliquet Performance of the 
relevant Reference Entity (Interest) as determined by the Issuer in

--- Page 87 ---
- 85 - 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(xxiii) ("Rainbow Replacement 
Cliquet" structure), and the Basket Participation (Interest) of each 
Reference Entity (Interest) will correspond to the Basket 
Participation (Interest) shown against the relative ranking in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
 
If "Momentum Basket Participation (Interest)" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket Participation 
(Interest) of each Reference Entity (Interest) will initially be the 
value specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the Basket 
Participation (Interest) will be rebalanced on each applicable 
Rebalancing Date by reference to the relative Rebalancing 
Performance of each Reference Entity (Interest). Each Reference 
Entity (Interest) will be assigned a ranking based on the 
Rebalancing Performance of the relevant Reference Entity 
(Interest) during the period from (and including) the immediately 
preceding Rebalancing Date to (and including) the current 
Rebalancing Date, and the Basket Participation (Interest) of each 
Reference Entity (Interest) for the Rebalancing Period commencing 
on the current Rebalancing Date will correspond to the Basket 
Participation (Interest) shown against the relevant ranking in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
If "Accumulating Rainbow Basket Participation (Interest)" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Basket Participation 
(Interest) will be determined by reference to the relative Reference 
Asset Return (Interest). Each Reference Entity (Interest) will be 
assigned a ranking on the Issue Date, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and thereafter the Basket Participation (Interest) will 
be recalculated on each Interest Determination Date based on the 
Reference Asset Return (Interest) as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with the relevant performance structure specified in 
Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), and the Basket 
Participation (Interest) of each Reference Entity (Interest) for the 
next following Interest Period will be reset and correspond to the 
Basket Participation (Interest) shown against the relative ranking in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Basket Return" 
will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or 
the "Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket 
Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Strike Level" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Benchmark Event" 
has the meaning given in Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
"Business Day" 
(a) 
means in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; and 
 
(b) 
means in relation to any sum payable in a currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.  
"Business Day 
Convention" 
means the convention applicable for the purposes of adjusting a 
relevant day where the day would otherwise occur on a day which 
is not a Business Day. The adjustment may be made in accordance

--- Page 88 ---
- 86 - 
with any of the conventions listed below, and the applicable 
convention in respect of each Series of Notes will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
 
Following Business Day: 
 
where an Interest Payment Date or another relevant date occurs on 
a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be deferred to the 
immediately following Business Day; 
 
Modified Following Business Day: 
 
where an Interest Payment Date or another relevant date occurs on 
a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be deferred to the 
immediately following Business Day unless that day would fall in 
the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
or another relevant date shall occur on the immediately preceding 
Business Day; 
 
Preceding Business Day: 
 
where an Interest Payment Date occurs on a day which is not a 
Business Day, it shall instead occur on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
"Calculation 
Adjustment" 
as specified in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain Structured 
Notes to these Conditions. 
"Calculation Agent" 
the agent for the Issuer specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" 
has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Call Barrier Level" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Call Performance" 
means the average of the Basket Return on each Valuation Date. 
"Cap" 
means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Cap Strike" 
means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike 1" 
means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike 2" 
means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike Lower" 
means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike Upper" 
means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" 
as specified in Condition 9 (Change in Law). 
"CDOR" 
the Interest Rate which, (1) at or about 11.00 am Toronto Time on 
the relevant day is published on the relevant Screen Page for the 
relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen as replaces the aforementioned system or screen) or, in the 
absence of such quotation, the Interest Rate which (2) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
rates for deposits in CAD for the relevant period on the Toronto 
interbank market as quoted by the Reference Banks or, where only 
one or no such quotation is given – (b) the Issuer's determination of 
the Interest Rate offered by Canadian commercial banks for loans 
in CAD for the relevant period on the Toronto interbank market. 
"CIBOR" 
the Interest Rate which, (1) at or about 11.00 am Central European 
Time on the relevant day is published on the relevant Screen Page

--- Page 89 ---
- 87 - 
for the relevant period (or through such other system or on such 
other screen as replaces the aforementioned system or screen) or, in 
the absence of such quotation, the Interest Rate which (2) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
rates for deposits in DKK for the relevant period on the Copenhagen 
interbank market as quoted by the Reference Banks or, where only 
one or no such quotation is given – (b) the Issuer's determination of 
the Interest Rate offered by Danish commercial banks for loans in 
DKK for the relevant period on the Copenhagen interbank market. 
"Clearing System" 
means one or more of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, 
Euroclear Finland, Euroclear Sweden, VP and Euronext VPS, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Closing Price" 
the value of the relevant Reference Asset at the Valuation Time on 
the applicable Rebalancing Date(s), Valuation Date(s), Observation 
Date(s), Risk Barrier Observation Date(s) or Initial Valuation 
Date(s), as determined by the Issuer by reference to the price source 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Component Security" 
means, in relation to an Index, each component security of the 
Index. 
"Correction" 
any corrections to the official closing price for a Reference Asset in 
accordance with Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to these Conditions. 
"Coupon" 
the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Coupon 2" 
the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Coupon Barrier 
Level" 
each coupon barrier level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" 
each coupon rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Credit Event" 
means any of the events named as such in Part 3: Additional 
Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes to these Conditions and 
specified as applicable to the relevant Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Credit Event Ranked 
Weight" 
means the weighting assigned to the relevant Credit Event, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Currency Business 
Day" 
means (i) if "WM/Reuters" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the dates on which WM/Reuters (or any successor thereto), through 
its currency market data services, publishes spot rates for the 
relevant currency pair, and (ii) if "Other" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, any day in which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for the 
relevant currency. In respect of any transaction where the Notes 
and/or Reference Asset(s) are denominated in Euro, each TARGET 
Settlement Day shall be a Currency Business Day. 
"Currency Business 
Day Convention" 
means the convention applicable for the purposes of adjusting a 
relevant day where the day would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Currency Business Day. The adjustment may be made in 
accordance with any of the conventions listed under "Business Day 
Convention" as if references therein to a "Business Day" were 
references to a Currency Business Day. Unless otherwise specified

--- Page 90 ---
- 88 - 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Currency Business Day Convention 
will be the same as the Business Day Convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Regular Period during which it falls, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one 
Regular Period, the sum of: 
 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
years, 366; 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 91 ---
- 89 - 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:

--- Page 92 ---
- 90 - 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the date fixed for redemption or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in 
the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day 
of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from but 
excluding the Interest Commencement Date to and 
including the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from but excluding one Interest Payment 
Date to and including the next Interest Payment Date; 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from but excluding a 
Regular Date falling in any year to and including the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls; and 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period 
other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from but excluding a Regular Date falling in any year to 
and excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest

--- Page 93 ---
- 91 - 
Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period. 
"Denomination" 
the denomination of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Designated Maturity" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption 
Amount" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption 
Date" 
the Interest Payment Date(s) or other such date(s) as specified in the 
Final Terms on which the Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with the Conditions. 
"EURIBOR" 
the Interest Rate which (1) at 11:00 am Central European Time on 
the relevant day is published on the relevant Screen Page for the 
relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen as replaces the aforementioned system or screen) or, in the 
absence of such quotation the Interest Rate which (2) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
rates quoted by European Reference Banks to leading commercial 
banks in Europe for deposits in Euro for the relevant period or, 
where only one or no such quotation is given, (b) the Issuing Agent's 
(where applicable, Calculation Agent's) or Issuer's assessment of 
the Interest Rate offered by leading commercial banks in Europe for 
loans in Euro in respect of the relevant period on the European 
interbank market. 
"Euroclear Finland" 
Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
"Euroclear Sweden" 
Euroclear Sweden AB. 
"European Reference 
Banks" 
four major commercial banks which, at the time in question, quote 
EURIBOR and are appointed by an Issuing Agent (or, where 
applicable, the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer. 
"Exchange Business 
Day" 
means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Relevant 
Exchange and each Options or Futures Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading sessions and (in the case of an Index), on 
which the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index. 
"Extraordinary 
Events" 
as specified in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain Structured 
Notes to these Conditions. 
"Final CPI" 
the value of the relevant Inflation Rate as determined at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date(s). 
"Final Currency 
Value" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final FX Rate" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms means the FX Rate, 
or the average value of the FX Rate at the FX Valuation Time, on 
the applicable FX Valuation Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final FX Rate 
(Interest)" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms means the FX Rate 
(Interest), or the average value of the FX Rate (Interest) at the FX 
Valuation Time (Interest), on the applicable FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Lookback 
Observation Period"  
means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Price" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, means the Closing 
Price (or, if Valuation Date Averaging is specified in the Final

--- Page 94 ---
- 92 - 
Terms, the average of the Closing Prices), for the relevant 
Reference Asset, on the Valuation Date(s) (or on the Averaging 
Dates applicable to the relevant Valuation Date(s)), Observation 
Date(s), Risk Barrier Observation Date(s) or Interest Determination 
Date(s), specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Interest 
Amount" 
means the amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Price" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Notes" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a) (Interest — Fixed 
Rate). 
"Fixed Recovery 
Value" 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Notes" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) (Interest – FRNs 
(Floating Rate Notes)). 
"Floor Strike" 
means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike 1" 
means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike 2" 
means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike Lower" 
means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike Upper" 
means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FRN Participation 
Ratio" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Event" 
has the meaning specified in Part 4: Additional Conditions for 
Fund-Linked Notes to these Conditions. 
"Fund-Linked Notes" 
means Notes in respect of which the Reference Asset(s) consist(s) 
of units or shares in a fund (or funds), as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"FX Factor" 
means, if "FX Factor-Long" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the value obtained by dividing the Final FX Rate by the 
Initial FX Rate or, if "FX Factor-Short" is specified in the Final 
Terms, the value obtained by dividing the Initial FX Rate by the 
Final FX Rate. 
"FX Factor (Interest)" 
means, if "FX Factor (Interest) Long" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the value obtained by dividing the Final FX Rate 
(Interest) by the Initial FX Rate (Interest) or, if "FX Factor 
(Interest) Short" is specified in the Final Terms, the value obtained 
by dividing the Initial FX Rate (Interest) by the Final FX Rate 
(Interest). 
"FX Rate" 
means the currency exchange rate (which may be calculated on the 
basis of a combination of rates) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as displayed on the price source(s) specified in such Final 
Terms. 
"FX Rate (Interest)" 
means the currency exchange rate (which may be calculated on the 
basis of a combination of rates) specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 95 ---
- 93 - 
Terms, as displayed on the price source(s) specified in such Final 
Terms. 
"FX Valuation Date(s)"  the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, as adjusted in accordance 
with the Currency Business Day Convention. 
"FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest)" 
the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, as adjusted in accordance 
with the Currency Business Day Convention. 
"FX Valuation Time" 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FX Valuation Time 
(Interest)" 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing"  
means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Hedge Proceeds" 
means the amount(s) received by the Issuer or other applicable 
Hedging Party as a result of unwinding any hedge position entered 
into by the Issuer or relevant Hedging Party in order to hedge any 
obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
"Hedge Transaction" 
means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the 
Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in 
respect of the Notes or any hypothetical transaction or trading 
position relating to the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in 
whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole discretion. 
"Hedging Disruption" 
as specified in Condition 11 (Hedging Disruption). 
"Hedging Party" 
means the Issuer, any other entity within the Nordea Group (as 
selected by the Issuer from time to time in its sole discretion), or a 
hypothetical investor located in Denmark, Finland or Sweden, that 
will be deemed to hold the Reference Assets. 
"Holder" 
a person or entity identified as the holder of one or more Notes in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
"Increased Costs" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 10 (Increased Costs of 
Hedging). 
"Independent Adviser" 
means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with 
relevant experience in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Index Sponsor 
means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index and 
(b) customarily announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the relevant Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Inflation-Linked 
Interest" 
the amount of interest determined in accordance with Condition 
5(e) (Interest-Inflation Linked). 
"Inflation-Linked 
Interest Notes" 
Notes that bear Inflation-Linked Interest. 
"Inflation Rate"  
the inflation rate specified as the Reference Asset (Interest) in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
- 94 - 
"Initial Basket Level" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial FX Rate" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms means the FX Rate, 
or the average value of the FX Rate, at the FX Valuation Time, on 
the applicable Initial FX Valuation Date(s) as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Initial FX Rate 
(Interest)" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms means the FX Rate 
(Interest), or the average value of the FX Rate (Interest), at the FX 
Valuation Time (Interest), on the applicable Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) (Interest), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s)" 
the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, as adjusted in accordance 
with the Currency Business Day Convention. 
"Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) (Interest)" 
the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, as adjusted in accordance 
with the Currency Business Day Convention. 
"Initial Lookback 
Observation Period" 
means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Initial Price" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, means the Closing 
Price (or, if Initial Valuation Date Averaging is specified in the 
Final Terms, the average of the Closing Prices), of the relevant 
Reference Asset on the Initial Valuation Date(s) (or on the 
Averaging Dates applicable to the relevant Initial Valuation 
Date(s)), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Valuation 
Date" 
the date or date(s) specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in 
accordance with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention) and, if 
Initial Valuation Date Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in these Conditions to the Initial 
Valuation Date shall, where the context so admits, also include 
reference to any related Averaging Dates. 
"Instalment Amount" 
means, in relation to an Instalment Note, the amount of each 
instalment as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the Final Terms. To the extent that an Instalment 
Amount requires determination, such amount may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Instalment Date" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Base Rate" 
SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, €STR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, 
CDOR, the Nordea Own Funds Rate or any other rate, as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest 
Commencement Date" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest 
Determination Date" 
the day which occurs two Business Days prior to the first day in 
each Interest Period, or such other date(s) as may be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Interest Margin" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment 
Date(s)" 
the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" 
(i) with respect to the first Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date; and (ii) with respect to subsequent 
Interest Periods, the period commencing on (and including) an

--- Page 97 ---
- 95 - 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, the period 
beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (and including) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
period on (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ending on 
(and including) the next Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant 
Interest Period. 
"Interest Rate" 
as specified in the Final Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or as 
specified in Condition 5(d) (Interest – FRNs (Floating Rate Notes)) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
"ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement" 
means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the First Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
 
"ISDA Definitions"  
means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(i) unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions; or  
(ii) if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Issue Date" 
as specified in the Final Terms or if such day is not a Business Day, 
as determined in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
"Issuing Agent" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
"Lock-in Level" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lookback Factor" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Market Disruption" 
as specified in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain Structured 
Notes to these Conditions. 
"Market Recovery 
Value" 
means the final price for deliverable obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity or Reference Entity (Interest), as applicable, as 
determined in accordance with any applicable auction process or 
other valuation methodology administered or endorsed by or on 
behalf of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
or any successor organisation, or in the absence of such a price, the 
value determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Maximum Basket 
Return" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest 
Rate" 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Maximum 
Performance" 
in respect of each Reference Asset, the percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Maximum 
Redemption Amount" 
as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
- 96 - 
"Memory Relevant 
Coupon" 
any coupon specified as a Memory Relevant Coupon in the Final 
Terms. 
"Minimum Basket 
Return" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Minimum Interest 
Rate" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Minimum 
Redemption Amount" 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum 
Redemption 
Percentage"  
means the minimum redemption amount expressed as a percentage 
of the Principal Amount of the Notes. 
"N" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"New York Banking 
Day" 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open for business in New York City. 
"NIBOR" 
the Interest Rate which, (1) at or about 12.00 pm Oslo Time on the 
relevant day is published on the relevant Screen Page for the 
relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen as replaces the aforementioned system or screen) or, in the 
absence of such quotation, the Interest Rate which (2) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
rates for deposits in NOK for the relevant period on the Oslo 
interbank market as quoted by the Reference Banks or, where only 
one or no such quotation is given (b) the Issuer's determination of 
the Interest Rate offered by Norwegian commercial banks for loans 
in NOK for the relevant period on the Oslo interbank market.  
"Nordea Group" 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries, licensed to carry on financing 
business in their respective country of domicile. 
"Nordea Own Funds 
Rate" 
means the cost to the Nordea Group of obtaining funding in the 
Specified Currency for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest 
Period, as determined by the Issuer on each relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
"Notes" 
debt instruments which form part of a Series issued by the Issuer 
under this Programme, with the terms and conditions specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and these Conditions. 
"NTOM Period" 
means the period from and including the Issue Date to (but 
excluding the initial TOM Calculation Start Date, and thereafter 
each period from (but excluding) a TOM Calculation End Date to 
(and including) the next following TOM Calculation Start Date. 
"Number of Business 
Days" 
means the Number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Number of Exchange 
Business Days" 
means the number of Exchange Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Final Terms do not specify the relevant number, 
three (3) Exchange Business Days. 
"Observation Date" 
the dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"Observation End 
Date" 
the dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention).

--- Page 99 ---
- 97 - 
"Observation Start 
Date" 
the dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"Options or Futures 
Exchange" 
means each exchange or quotation system specified in the Final 
Terms or, if "All Exchanges" is specified in the Final Terms, each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Issuer) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to the relevant Reference Asset(s). 
"Original Calculation 
Amount" 
the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"OTM Strike" 
means the product of the Cap and the Gearing.  
"Participation Ratio" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Participation Ratio 2" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Participation Ratio 3" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Portfolio Exposure" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Price Reference 
Source" 
means the 'source for past and future performance data' specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
"Principal Amount" 
the nominal amount of the Notes. 
"Principal Financial 
Centre" 
means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of 
such Member State of the European Communities as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either 
Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Programme Amount" 
€15,000,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in other currencies. 
"Rate Adjustment 
Notes" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b) (Interest – Rate 
Adjustment). 
"Rate Option"  
means the provisions for determining the relevant interest rate, as 
specified in Section 7.1 (Rate Options) of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or Section 6.5 (Certain Definitions Relating to Floating 
Amounts) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Rebalancing Date(s)" 
the date(s) specified in the Final Terms (subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"Rebalancing 
Performance" 
is calculated by dividing the Closing Price of the relevant Reference 
Asset or Reference Asset (Interest) on the relevant Rebalancing 
Date by the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset or 
Reference Asset (Interest) on the immediately preceding 
Rebalancing Date or (in the case of the initial Rebalancing Date), 
the Start Date. 
"Record Date" 
the Business Day on which the entitlement of Holders to receive 
payment under these Conditions, is determined, as specified in 
Condition 8 (Payments).

--- Page 100 ---
- 98 - 
"Redemption Amount" 
the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption 
and Purchase). 
"Redemption Date" 
as specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Business Day, 
as determined in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
"Reference Asset(s)" 
as specified in the Final Terms – Reference Assets may include 
equities, shares (including private equity)/depository receipts, 
indices, interest rates, currencies, fund units, futures contracts, 
commodities, credit risks or baskets thereof, combinations or 
relationships between assets, the change in price or performance of 
which affects the size of the Redemption Amount and shall (unless 
the context otherwise requires) include Reference Entities and/or 
Reference Rates. 
"Reference Banks" 
four major commercial banks which, at the relevant time, quote the 
relevant Interest Base Rate and are appointed by the Issuing Agent 
(or, where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or Issuer. 
"Reference Entity" 
as specified in the Final Terms (and including any Replacement 
Reference Entity, as determined in accordance with the 
Conditions). 
"Reference Entity 
(Interest)" 
as specified in the Final Terms (and including any Replacement 
Reference Entity (Interest), as determined in accordance with the 
Conditions). 
"Reference Rate"  
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Yield" 
the yield specified in the Final Terms for calculation of the 
Redemption Amount in relation to certain Zero Coupon Notes 
where the Issuer or, where applicable, a Holder, is entitled to require 
early redemption of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions. 
"Registrar Banking 
Day" 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open for business in place of the Registrar's specified 
office. 
"Relevant Date" 
means on Alternative Additional Amount Payment Date, an 
Averaging Date, Early Redemption Date, Initial FX Valuation Date, 
FX Valuation Date, Initial FX Valuation Date (Interest), FX 
Valuation Date (Interest), Initial Observation Date, Observation 
Date, Observation Start Date Risk Barrier Observation Date, 
Rebalancing Date, Start Date, Initial Valuation Date, Valuation 
Date, TOM Valuation Date, Twin-Win Valuation Date, Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable), or such other relevant date as 
the Issuer may (in its sole discretion) determine for the purposes of 
any valuation, calculation, determination or observation pursuant to 
these Conditions. 
"Relevant Exchange" 
the stock exchange(s) on which the underlying Reference Asset(s) 
is/are listed and/or quoted and/or traded, as specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the principal exchange or quotation 
system for trading in the relevant Reference Asset (or, the case of a 
Reference Asset which is an index, each security which comprises 
such index), as determined by the Issuer, or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the relevant Reference Asset 
(or component of such Reference Asset) has temporarily located, 
provided that the Issuer has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Reference Asset (or component of such

--- Page 101 ---
- 99 - 
Reference Asset) or such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" 
means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated at the 
relevant time. 
"Relevant Nominating 
Body" 
means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working 
group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
"Relevant Value" 
means an FX Rate, FX Rate (Interest), Initial FX Rate, Initial FX 
Rate (Interest), Reference Rate, Closing Price, Initial Price and/or 
Final Price (as applicable) or such other relevant value as the Issuer 
may (in its sole discretion) determine for the purposes of any 
valuation, calculation, determination or observation pursuant to 
these Conditions. 
"Replacement Factor" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Replacement 
Reference Asset" 
means an alternative Reference Asset, as selected by the Issuer in a 
commercially fair and reasonable manner. 
"Risk Barrier Event" 
means (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions) that the 
Basket Return is below the applicable Risk Barrier Level. 
"Risk Barrier Level" 
each risk barrier level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Risk Barrier 
Observation Date(s)" 
the dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance 
with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention) and, if Risk Barrier 
Observation Date Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in these Conditions to a Risk 
Barrier Observation Date shall, where the context so admits, include 
reference to any related Averaging Dates. 
"Scheduled Closing 
Time" 
means, in respect of a Relevant Exchange or an Options or Futures 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Relevant Exchange or Options or Futures 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session 
hours.  
"Scheduled 
Redemption Date" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading 
Day" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms and irrespective of 
whether a Market Disruption, Disruption Currency, or Fund Event 
has occurred, (a) with respect to each Reference Asset which is an 
equity depository receipts, equities index or any other type of 
Reference Asset which is traded on a stock exchange or market 
place, a day on which (i) trading is intended to take place in a 
Reference Asset (or, in the case of an index, any security which 
comprises such index) on a Relevant Exchange and on an Options 
or Futures Exchange and/or (ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is

--- Page 102 ---
- 100 - 
scheduled to publish the level of the Index; (b) with respect to 
Reference Assets which comprise a currency or a currency index or 
any other type of Reference Asset for which the price is published, 
a day on which the price for such Reference Asset or currency 
included in a Reference Asset is published or is intended to be 
published on the price source specified in the Final Terms; (c) with 
respect to a Reference Asset which is a fund or a fund index, a day 
on which it is intended that the value of the Reference Asset or units 
in the Reference Asset shall be published in accordance with the 
governing rules or methodology of such fund or fund index and (d) 
with respect to any other Reference Asset, such day as is specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention" 
means the applicable convention for the purposes of adjusting a 
relevant day where the day occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day. Adjustment may take place in accordance with any of 
the following conventions: 
 
Following Scheduled Trading Day: 
 
where a relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, it shall be deferred until the Following Scheduled 
Trading Day; 
 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day: 
 
where a relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, it shall be deferred to the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day in the same calendar month unless that day 
would fall in the next calendar month, in which case the relevant 
day shall occur on the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day; 
 
Preceding Scheduled Trading Day: 
 
where a relevant day or another relevant day occurs on a day which 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it shall instead occur on the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Screen Page" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" 
SEK, EUR, DKK, NOK or such other currency as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Specified 
Denomination" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" 
the Interest Rate which, (1) at or about 11.00 am Central European 
Time on the relevant day is published on the relevant Screen Page 
for the relevant period (or through such other system or on such 
other screen as replaces the aforementioned system or screen) or, in 
the absence of such quotation, the Interest Rate which (2) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the arithmetic mean of the 
rates for deposits in SEK for the relevant period on the Stockholm 
interbank market as quoted by the Reference Banks or, where only 
one or no such quotation is given – (b) the Issuer's determination of 
the Interest Rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for loans in 
SEK for the relevant period on the Stockholm interbank market. 
"Strike Level" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Lower" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
- 101 - 
"Strike Upper" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Successor Rate" 
means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's 
agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
relevant Interest Base Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or 
not such relevant Interest Base Rate has ceased to be available) 
which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2" 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared 
platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007, or any 
successor thereto. 
"TARGET Settlement 
Day" 
means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
"Target Redemption 
Amount" 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
"TOM Calculation 
Start Date" 
the date specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance with 
the Scheduled Trading Day Convention) and, if TOM Calculation 
Start Date Averaging is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, references in these Conditions to the TOM Calculation Start 
Date shall, where the context so admits, also include reference to 
any related Averaging Dates. 
"TOM Calculation End 
Date" 
the date specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance with 
the Scheduled Trading Day Convention) and, if TOM Calculation 
End Date Averaging is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, references in these Conditions to the TOM End Start Date 
shall, where the context so admits, also include reference to any 
related Averaging Dates. 
"TOM Participation 
Ratio" 
the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TOM Commencement 
Date" 
the date specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance with 
the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"TOM End Date" 
the date specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in accordance with 
the Scheduled Trading Day Convention). 
"TOM Period" 
means, in respect of each calendar month in the period commencing 
on the TOM Commencement Date and ending on the TOM End 
Date, the period from (and including) the TOM Calculation Start 
Date to (and including) the TOM Calculation End Date, provided 
that if the first day of the TOM Period (as the result of any 
applicable business day convention or adjustment provision(s)) falls 
on such TOM Calculation End Date, the last day of the TOM Period 
shall instead be the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following 
such TOM Calculation Start Date. 
"TOM Valuation Date"  means each TOM Calculation Start Date and TOM Calculation End 
Date (as applicable).  
"Tranche Attachment 
Point" 
the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Tranche Attachment 
Range" 
means the result obtained by subtracting the Tranche Attachment 
Point from the Tranche Detachment Point.

--- Page 104 ---
- 102 - 
"Tranche Detachment 
Point" 
the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Twin-Win Valuation 
Date(s)" 
the Valuation Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date(s)" 
the date or dates specified in the Final Terms (as adjusted in 
accordance with the Scheduled Trading Day Convention) and, if 
Valuation Date Averaging is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, references in these Conditions to a Valuation Date 
shall, where the context so admits, include reference to any related 
Averaging Dates. 
"Valuation Period"  
means the period from (but excluding) each Valuation Date 
(including the Initial Valuation Date), to and including the 
immediately following Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, with respect to each 
Reference Asset which is not an Index, the time at which its official 
closing price is determined or the value thereof is otherwise 
determined as specified in the Final Terms and in relation to a 
Reference Asset which is an Index: (i) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption has occurred: (a) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the Relevant Exchange in respect of such Component Security 
(which may be a single Relevant Exchange in respect of each 
Component Security), and (b) in respect of any options contracts or 
future contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the relevant 
Options or Futures Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, 
the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated 
and published by the Index Sponsor. 
"Weighted Asset 
Return" 
means, unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, the product 
of the Reference Asset Return and the Basket Participation in 
respect of each relevant Reference Asset. 
"Zero Coupon Notes" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
 
2. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes, other than VP Notes, VPS Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, are issued in bearer 
form or registered form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and are serially numbered. 
The VP Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the Danish Capital Markets Act (Lov om kapitalmarkeder), as amended from time to time, the 
Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended from time to time 
(Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish 
Executive Order"), and part 3 of the VP Rule Book dated 11 October 2021, as amended from time 
to time (the "VP Rule Book"). 
The VPS Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the Norwegian Act on Central Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement 2019 (in 
Norwegian: lov om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv. 2019 15. mars nr. 6) (the "CSD 
Act"). 
The Swedish Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended, and the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Sweden.

--- Page 105 ---
- 103 - 
Finnish Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended, as well as the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will be represented upon issue by either a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global 
Note") in either case in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled 
to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
The Temporary Global Note and/or the Permanent Global Notes will be deposited with, and held 
by, a common depositary or common safekeeper for and on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or any other clearing 
system to which Notes or any interest therein may from time to time be credited. Payments of 
principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be 
prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below provided that 
interest bearing Definitive Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto 
at the time of initial delivery Coupons and one Talon for further Coupons (a "Talon", together with 
the Coupons in such case and where the context so permits, the "Coupons") entitling the holder 
thereof to further Coupons and a further Talon. 
Bearer Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment Notes") 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect 
of the instalments of principal. 
(c) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Notes issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
(d) 
Form of VP Notes 
A Tranche or a Series of Notes (as the case may be), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms 
may be cleared and settled through the VP in accordance with Danish laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VP for the time being (the "VP Rules"). 
The VP Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save to 
the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Danish laws, regulations and VP Rules. No 
physical Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the VP Notes and the provisions in these 
Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such physical VP Notes or 
certificates shall not apply to the VP Notes. The Issuer will certify that Nordea Danmark, Filial af 
Nordea Bank Abp, Finland is, on the date of issue of a Tranche or a Series of VP Notes (as the case 
may be), entered in the VP as the account holding institute (kontoførende institut) for the duly 
registered owners of the Notes of such Tranche or Series (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Form of VPS Notes 
The VPS Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save to 
the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euronext VPS for the time being (the "VPS Rules"). No 
physical VPS Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the VPS Notes and the provisions in 
these Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such physical Notes or 
certificates shall not apply to the VPS Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
- 104 - 
(f) 
Form of Swedish Notes 
The Swedish Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save 
to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden for the time being (the "Euroclear 
Sweden Rules"). No physical Swedish Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the Swedish 
Notes and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of 
such physical Swedish Notes or certificates shall not apply to the Swedish Notes. 
(g) 
Form of Finnish Notes 
The Finnish Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save 
to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Finnish laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the "Euroclear 
Finland Rules"). No physical Finnish Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the Finnish 
Notes and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of 
such physical Finnish Notes or certificates shall not apply to the Finnish Notes. 
(h) 
Denomination of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will be in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Notes of 
one denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
(i) 
Denomination of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be in the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, integral multiples thereof. 
(j) 
Denomination of VP Notes 
VP Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. VP Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for VP Notes of any other denomination. 
(k) 
Denomination of VPS Notes 
VPS Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. VPS Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for VPS Notes of any other denomination. 
(l) 
Denomination of Swedish Notes 
Swedish Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. Swedish Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Swedish Notes of any other denomination. 
(m) 
Denomination of Finnish Notes 
Finnish Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. Finnish Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Finnish Notes of any other denomination. 
(n) 
Currency of Notes 
Notes may be denominated in any currency subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context may require, be 
deemed to include Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes, Definitive Notes or, as the 
case may be, Registered Notes. 
The Issuer may in certain circumstances consolidate the Notes with one or more further Tranches 
of Notes of the same Series, as described in Condition 18 (Further Issues) below.

--- Page 107 ---
- 105 - 
3. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the 
"Noteholders" or "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Receipts or Coupons signify the bearers of such 
Bearer Notes or such Receipts or Coupons. 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. References herein to the "Noteholders" or "Holders" of 
Registered Notes signify the persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. 
Title to the VP Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the "Danish Note Register") 
maintained by the VP Issuing Agent in accordance with the VP Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled 
to obtain information from VP in accordance with the VP Rules. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VP Note shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to VP Notes only, "Note Holder" 
or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a VP Note is registered in 
the Danish Note Register and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee and 
registered as a holder of the VP Notes. If the Notes of such Tranche cease to be registered in the 
VP, Nordea Bank Abp, as account holding institute for the duly registered owners shall supply the 
VP Issuing Agent with all necessary information with regard to such duly registered owners and 
the VP Issuing Agent shall enter such information into the Danish Note Register. 
Title to the VPS Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the "VPS Register") in accordance 
with the Norwegian VPS Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from Euronext 
VPS in accordance with the VPS Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VPS Note shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
In these Conditions in relation to VPS Notes only, "Note Holder" or "Holder" means, as the 
context requires, the person in whose name a VPS Note is registered in the VPS Register and shall 
also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (forvalter) and registered as a holder 
of the VPS Notes. 
Title to the Swedish Notes shall pass by registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden (the "Euroclear Sweden Register"). Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Swedish 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to Swedish Notes only, 
"Note Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a Swedish 
Note is registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register and shall also include any person duly 
authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as a holder of the Swedish Notes. 
Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Notes. 
Title to the Finnish Notes shall pass by registration in the book-entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Finland. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Finnish Note shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
References herein to the "Note Holders" or "Holders" of Finnish Notes means, as the context 
requires, the person in whose name the Finnish Notes are registered in Euroclear Finland's register. 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or 
regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any 
writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder.

--- Page 108 ---
- 106 - 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes 
Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is equal to, or is a 
permitted integral multiple in excess of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new 
Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to 
the transferor. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes will, upon the 
effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available for 
delivery at the specified office of the Registrar. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by 
the Registrar during the period of fifteen London Banking Days, ending on the due date for any 
payment on the relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the 
Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of 
such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges 
which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
VP Notes 
One or more VP Notes may be transferred in accordance with VP Rules. Each new VP Note to be 
issued shall be available for delivery within two business days of receipt of the request and the 
surrender of the VP Notes for exchange. Delivery of the new VP Note(s) shall be made to the same 
VP account on which the original VP Notes were registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of 
Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) in relation to VP Notes 
only, "business day" has the meaning ascribed to such term by the then applicable rules and 
procedures of the VP. 
Exchange and transfer of VP Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call 
or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the VP Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the VP Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VP Note to be registered during any closed period pursuant 
to the then applicable VP Rules. 
All transfers of VP Notes are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such VP Notes and are 
subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of the VP. The VP's rules and 
regulations may be downloaded from its website: http://www.vp.dk. 
VPS Notes 
One or more VPS Notes may be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules. In the case of an 
exercise of option resulting in VPS Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate VPS 
Notes registered with the VPS Register shall be issued in respect of those VPS Notes of that holding 
having the same terms. Such VPS Notes shall only be issued against surrender of the existing VPS 
Notes in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
Each new VPS Note to be issued pursuant to the above, shall be available for delivery within five 
business days of receipt of the request and the surrender of the VPS Notes for exchange. Delivery 
of the new VPS Note (s) shall be made to the same Euronext VPS account on which the original 
VPS Notes were registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS 
Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) in relation to VPS Notes only, "business day" means a 
day, other than a Saturday or Sunday on which Euronext VPS is open for business.

--- Page 109 ---
- 107 - 
Exchange and transfer of VPS Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the VPS Paying Agent, but 
upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or 
the giving of such indemnity as the VPS Paying Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VPS Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable VPS Rules. 
Swedish Notes 
One or more Swedish Notes may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Swedish Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Swedish 
Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
All transfers of Swedish Notes are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Swedish Notes 
and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden. The 
Euroclear Sweden Rules may be downloaded from its website: http://www.euroclear.com. 
Finnish Notes 
One or more Finnish Notes may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Finnish Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Finnish 
Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Finnish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Finnish Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules. 
All transfers of Finnish Notes are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Finnish Notes and 
are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Finland. Euroclear 
Finland's rules and regulations may be downloaded from its website: http://www.euroclear.com. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes of each Series constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
5. 
Interest 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount on each Interest Payment Date, (the "Interest 
Amount") shall be calculated in accordance with one of the following alternatives as further 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, the Interest 
Amount will be an amount per Calculation Amount and (subject to Condition 8(9) (Interest 
Deferral)) will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(a) 
Interest – Fixed Rate 
If the Notes are specified as "Fixed Rate" Notes, the Notes shall bear interest at the Interest Rate 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Redemption Date 
provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, such Swedish Notes shall bear interest from, but 
excluding their Interest Commencement Date to and including the Redemption Date. Interest 
accrued during each Interest Period will be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Dates. 
If a Fixed Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Interest Amount and, if

--- Page 110 ---
- 108 - 
the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Interest 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
In respect of any period for which a Fixed Interest Amount is not specified, the Interest Amount in 
respect of each Note shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the Adjusted Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Original Calculation Amount. For the purposes of this Condition 5 (Interest), a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Business Day Convention stated in Condition 
8(7)(c) (Payment – General Provisions) below shall apply to Fixed Rate Notes. 
(b) 
Interest – Rate Adjustment 
If the Notes are specified as "Rate Adjustment" Notes, the provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest) 
that are to be followed for calculation of the Interest payable on the Notes may be adjusted 
periodically, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest – Combination 
If "Combination of Interest Bases" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Notes may also 
bear interest in accordance with more than one of the interest alternatives set out in this Condition 
5 (Interest): (i) if "Single Basket Addition" is specified in the Final Terms the same underlying 
Basket shall be used for the calculation of each alternative Interest Amount, and the Interest 
Amounts so determined shall be aggregated for the purposes of determining the total amount 
payable to holders on the relevant Interest Payment Date, (ii) if "Multiple Basket Addition" is 
specified in the Final Terms a different underlying Basket shall be used for the calculation of each 
separate Interest Amount (as specified in the Final Terms), and the Interest Amounts shall be 
aggregated for the purposes of determining the total amount payable to the holders on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or (iii) if "Alternative Calculation" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
applicable Condition for the calculation of interest will differ depending on whether or not the 
Basket Return on a particular Interest Determination Date has exceeded certain pre-specified 
Interest Barrier levels, as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Basket Return will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
 
(i) 
Interest – FRNs (Floating Rate Notes) (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
If the Notes are specified as "Floating Rate" Notes and the Interest Base Rate is not 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Notes shall bear interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the Redemption Date provided that in the case 
of Swedish Notes, such Swedish Notes shall bear interest from, but excluding their Interest 
Commencement Date to and including the Redemption Date. The Interest Rate applicable 
to each Interest Period shall be determined by the Issuing Agent (or, where applicable, the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer on the relevant Interest Determination Date as the sum 
of: 
(a) 
the Interest Base Rate multiplied by the FRN Participation Ratio; and 
(b) 
the Interest Margin for the relevant period. 
If a Maximum Interest Rate or a Minimum Interest Rate (or both) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Rate shall in no circumstances be higher than the 
Maximum Interest Rate or lower than the Minimum Interest Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 111 ---
- 109 - 
Interest for each Interest Period is paid in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment Date and 
is calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the Adjusted Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figures by a fraction equal to the specified Denomination 
of such Note divided by the Original Calculation Amount. For the purposes of this 
Condition 5 (Interest), a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If there is a long or short first or last Interest Period in respect of any Notes (an "Irregular 
Interest Period"), which is either longer or shorter than the Designated Maturity for the 
Interest Base Rate specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may either specify an 
Alternative Designated Maturity for such Irregular Interest Period in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if "linear interpolation" is specified in the Final Terms, determine the Interest 
Base Rate by way of linear interpolation of the rates displayed for 'Alternative Maturity 1' 
and 'Alternative Maturity 2' in each case as specified in the Final Terms, and as shown on 
the applicable Screen Page. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Business Day Convention stated in 
Condition 8(7)(c) (Payment – General Provisions) below shall apply to Floating Rate 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(A) 
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the sum 
of: (i) Compounded Daily SONIA multiplied by the FRN Participation Ratio plus 
(ii) the Interest Margin for the relevant period, all as determined by the Issuing 
Agent (or, where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(ii)(A): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 112 ---
- 110 - 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding.

--- Page 113 ---
- 111 - 
If, subject to Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser), 
in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be:  
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or  
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
In the event that the Interest Base Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Interest Base Rate shall, subject to Condition 5(bbb) 
(Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser), be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified above, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the 
Interest Rate on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(B) 
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject 
to Condition 5(ccc)(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC), the sum of: (i) the 
relevant Benchmark multiplied by the FRN Participation Ratio plus (ii) the 
Interest Margin for the relevant period, all as determined by the Issuing Agent (or, 
where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(ii)(B):

--- Page 114 ---
- 112 - 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 5(d)(ii)(B). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For 
this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the Interest Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, will be multiplied by the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5(ccc) below will 
apply.  
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 115 ---
- 113 - 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5(ccc) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) below, if 
the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial

--- Page 116 ---
- 114 - 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Interest Rate on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is €STR, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the sum 
of: (i) Compounded Daily €STR multiplied by the FRN Participation Ratio plus 
(ii) the Interest Margin for the relevant period, all as determined by the Issuing 
Agent (or, where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(ii)(C): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, 
or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or

--- Page 117 ---
- 115 - 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement  - Independent Adviser), if, 
where any Interest Rate is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 5(d)(ii)(C) above, 
in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable 
€STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not 
made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of 
such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first 
preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, the Issuing Agent (or, 
where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or the Issuer. 
Subject to Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement  - Independent Adviser), if 
the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(d)(ii)(C), the Interest Rate shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Interest Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Interest Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Interest 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in

--- Page 118 ---
- 116 - 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Interest 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(D) 
Where the Interest Base Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is the SONIA 
Compounded Index or the SOFRA Compounded Index , the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 5(bbb) 
(Benchmark Replacement – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(ccc) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC), the sum of: (i) the relevant Benchmark 
multiplied by the FRN Participation Ratio plus (ii) the Interest Margin for the 
relevant period, all as determined by the Issuing Agent (or, where applicable, the 
Calculation Agent) or the Issuer on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(ii)(D):  
"Benchmark" means the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place;  
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day  falling the Relevant Number of Index Days  prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (or in the first Interest Period, the Issue Date); 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index 
and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in 
each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" shall be, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index;

--- Page 119 ---
- 117 - 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
In the event that the Interest Base Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, subject to Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement 
– Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(ccc) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC), 
as applicable, the Interest Rate shall be determined for that Interest Period as if 
Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
(as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms and where the 
Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number 
specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, 
the Relevant Screen Page will be selected by the Issuer. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Interest Rate on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(e) 
Interest – Inflation Linked 
If the "Inflation-Linked Interest Note" provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Notes shall bear Inflation-Linked Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the Redemption Date provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, such Swedish 
Notes shall bear interest from, but excluding their Interest Commencement Date to and including 
the Redemption Date. The Interest Rate may be fixed or floating and the amount of interest for 
each Interest Period shall be calculated in the manner stated in Condition 5(a) (Interest – Fixed 
Rate) or Condition 5(d) (Interest – FRNs (Floating Rate Notes) respectively and multiplied by a 
figure corresponding to the ratio calculated by dividing the Final CPI by the Base CPI. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Business Day Convention specified in Condition 
8(7)(c) (Payments – General Provisions) below shall apply to Inflation-Linked Interest Notes. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Notes are specified as "Zero Coupon Notes", the Notes shall not bear interest. Zero coupon 
Notes may be issued at a discount and redeemed at their Principal Amount. Alternatively, zero 
coupon Notes may be issued at their Principal Amount and redeemed at a higher Redemption 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms and which, in any such case, shall be paid on the 
Redemption Date. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Business Day Convention specified in Condition 
8(7)(c) (Payments – General Provisions) below shall apply to zero coupon Notes. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, Notes shall not be Zero Coupon Notes and on 
redemption of the Notes, any payment of Redemption Amount over or below the Principal Amount 
shall be considered as interest or yield.

--- Page 120 ---
- 118 - 
(g) 
Coupon Bearing Notes 
If the Notes are specified as "Coupon Bearing Notes": (x) if a Coupon Event occurs on any 
Valuation Date, then the Notes will pay interest (the "Coupon") on the immediately succeeding 
Interest Payment Date, or (y) if "Automatic Coupon Payment" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Notes will pay interest (the "Coupon") on each Interest Payment Date. In either case, 
the amount of any such Coupon payment will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
If "Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon payment will be equal to 
the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the relevant Coupon Rate; 
(ii) 
If "Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms the Coupon payment will be equal 
to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the relevant Coupon Rate and 
multiplied by the number of preceding Interest Payment Dates (up to and including the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date) for which 
any Memory Relevant Coupon has not been paid; 
(iii) 
If "Plus Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms the Coupon payment will be equal 
to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the higher of: (a) the relevant Coupon 
Rate and (b) the Basket Return; and 
(iv) 
If "Plus Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms the Coupon payment will be 
equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes, multiplied by the higher of: (a) the relevant 
Coupon Rate multiplied by the number of preceding Interest Payment Dates (up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date) 
for which a Coupon has not been paid and (b) the Basket Return; and 
(v) 
If "First Coupon Multiplier" is specified in the Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
the Variable Coupon payment on the first Interest Payment Date on 
which a Variable Coupon may be payable (depending on the 
performance of the Underlying Assets) (a "Variable Coupon Payment 
Date") or  
(B) 
if no Variable Coupon is paid on the first Variable Coupon Payment Date, 
and Memory Coupon is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable to 
the relevant Coupon payment, the portion of the Memory Coupon 
attributable to such first Variable Coupon Payment Date, 
shall be multiplied by the value specified in the Final Terms. 
The type of coupon payable (being one of (i) to (v) above) and the Coupon Rate may vary 
depending on whether a particular Coupon Barrier Level is met and/or the date on which the 
relevant Interest Payment Date falls, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A "Coupon Event" will occur if the Basket Return exceeds one or more specified Coupon Barrier 
Level(s) and/or equals one or more specified Coupon Barrier Level(s) and/or is below one or more 
specified Coupon Barrier Level(s), in each case for the relevant Valuation Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The "Basket Return" will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
if "Basket Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the "Basket Return" will be calculated 
in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket 
Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket 
Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if "Best of/Worst of Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the "Basket Return" will be 
the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset shall be the Reference Asset with the Nth highest 
Reference Asset Return where for the purposes of this Condition 5(g) (Coupon Bearing Notes),

--- Page 121 ---
- 119 - 
"N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms under the heading "Coupon Bearing Note 
Provisions". 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms. 
If no Coupon Event has occurred on any given Valuation Date, no interest will be payable on the 
immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
(h) 
Non-Tranched CLN Interest 
If the Notes are specified as bearing "Non-Tranched CLN Interest", the Interest Rate may be 
fixed or floating and the amount of interest for each Interest Period shall be calculated in the manner 
specified in one of the other provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest), save that the Calculation 
Amount which is used to determine the Interest Amount payable in accordance with such other 
Condition (the "Adjusted Calculation Amount") shall be adjusted as follows: 
(i) 
if "Determination Date Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) as at the Observation Date falling the Number of Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date provided however that, in the case of any Interest 
Payment Date which falls after the final Observation Date, the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) shall be determined as at the final Observation Date, or 
(ii) 
if "Weighted Average Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the weighted average of the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on each calendar day from and including the preceding 
Observation Date to (but excluding) the Observation Date on or immediately preceding 
the relevant Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion 
provided however that, in the case of any Interest Period which commences on or after 
the final Observation Date, the weighted average of the Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest) 
for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period shall be equal to the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on the final Observation Date, as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest)" shall be the difference between 1 and the Adjusted 
Portfolio Loss (Interest). 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Loss (Interest)" will mean the sum of the Default Weighting for each 
Reference Entity (Interest) within the Basket. 
The "Default Weighting" shall be either: 
(i) 
If "Credit Event Ranked Basket Participation (Interest)" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, calculated by multiplying the Basket Participation (Interest) by 
the Default Value in respect of each Reference Entity (Interest) as follows: 
(A) 
for the Reference Entities (Interest) which have been subject to a Credit Event, 
the relevant Credit Event Ranked Weight is used as the Basket Participation 
(Interest); or 
(B) 
for the remaining Reference Entities (Interest) which have not been subject to a 
Credit Event, the relevant Reference Entities shall be listed in alphabetical order 
and the remaining Credit Event Ranked Weights will be assigned in numerical 
order for the purposes of determining the Basket Participation (Interest), 
following the principle that the first Reference Entity (Interest) in alphabetical 
order shall be assigned the first available Credit Event Ranked Weight in 
numerical order and so forth. 
(ii) 
If "Credit Event Ranked Basket Participation (Interest)" is specified as not applicable, 
calculated by multiplying the Basket Participation (Interest) by the Default Value in 
respect of each Reference Entity (Interest).

--- Page 122 ---
- 120 - 
The "Default Value" in respect of each Reference Entity (Interest) will be the difference between 
100% and the Recovery Value. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3; Additional 
Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that Reference Entity (Interest) 
since the Observation Start Date or, if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a Fixed 
Recovery Value (as specified in the Final Terms) or a Market Recovery Value, in each case 
specified as a percentage. 
(i) 
Tranched CLN Interest 
If the Notes are specified as bearing "Tranched CLN Interest", the Interest Rate may be fixed or 
floating and the amount of interest for each Interest Period shall be calculated in the manner 
specified in one of the other provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest), save that the Calculation 
Amount which is used to determine the Interest Amount payable in accordance with such other 
Condition (the "Adjusted Calculation Amount") shall be adjusted as follows: 
(i) 
if "Determination Date Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) as at the Observation Date falling the Number of Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date provided however that, in the case of any Interest 
Payment Date which falls after the final Observation Date, the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) shall be determined as at the final Observation Date, or 
(ii) 
if "Weighted Average Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the weighted average of the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on each calendar day from and including the preceding 
Observation Date to (but excluding) the Observation Date on or immediately preceding 
the relevant Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion 
provided however that, in the case of any Interest Period which commences on or after 
the final Observation Date, the weighted average of the Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest) 
for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period shall be equal to the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on the final Observation Date, as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest)" shall be the result obtained by subtracting the 
Adjusted Tranche Loss (Interest) from 1. 
The "Adjusted Tranche Loss (Interest)" will be the result obtained by dividing the lower of a) 
the Tranche Attachment Range and b) the Tranche Loss (Interest), by the Tranche Attachment 
Range. 
The "Tranche Loss (Interest)" will be the higher of: 
(i) 
zero and 
(ii) 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the higher of (x) zero and (y) the result obtained by subtracting the Tranche 
Attachment Point from the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss (Interest) for each 
Reference Entity (Interest) within the relevant Basket; and 
(b) 
the Coupon Risk Factor. 
"Weighted Asset Loss (Interest)" means the product of the Basket Participation (Interest) and the 
Reference Entity Loss (Interest) for the relevant Reference Entity (Interest). 
The "Reference Entity Loss (Interest)" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value in respect of the relevant Reference Entity (Interest) from 1. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3; Additional 
Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that Reference Entity (Interest) 
since the Observation Start Date or, if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a Fixed

--- Page 123 ---
- 121 - 
Recovery Value (as specified in the Final Terms) or a Market Recovery Value, in each case 
specified as a percentage. 
The "Coupon Risk Factor" will mean the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the sum of the Weighted Asset 
Recovery (Interest) for those Reference Entities (Interest) for which a Credit Event has occurred 
since the Observation Start Date, less the result obtained by subtracting the Tranche Detachment 
Point from 1. 
The "Weighted Asset Recovery (Interest)" means the product of the Basket Participation 
(Interest) and the Recovery Value for the relevant Reference Entity (Interest). 
(j) 
Nth to Default CLN Interest 
If the Notes are specified as bearing "Nth to Default CLN Interest", the Interest Rate may be 
fixed or floating and the amount of interest for each Interest Period shall be calculated in the manner 
specified in one of the other provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest), save that the Calculation 
Amount which is used to determine the Interest Amount payable in accordance with such other 
Condition (the "Adjusted Calculation Amount") shall be adjusted as follows: 
(i) 
if "Determination Date Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) as at the Observation Date falling the Number of Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date provided however that, in the case of any Interest 
Payment Date which falls after the final Observation Date, the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) shall be determined as at the final Observation Date, or 
(ii) 
if "Weighted Average Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the weighted average of the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on each calendar day from and including the preceding 
Observation Date to (but excluding) the Observation Date on or preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion provided 
however that, in the case of any Interest Period which commences on or after the final 
Observation Date, the weighted average of the Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest) for 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period shall be equal to the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on the final Observation Date, as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest)" shall be the result obtained by subtracting the 
Adjusted Portfolio Loss (Interest) from 1. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Loss (Interest)" will mean a) if the number of Credit Events that have 
occurred in relation to any Reference Entity (Interest) within the Basket during the period 
commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending on the Observation Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date, is greater than or equal to N, 1; or b) if the number 
of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference Entity (Interest) within the Basket 
during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending on the Observation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date, is less than N, zero. 
"N" shall be the figure specified in the Final Terms under the heading "CLN Interest Provisions". 
(k) 
Nth and Nth+1 to Default CLN Interest 
If the Notes are specified as bearing "Nth and Nth+1 to Default CLN Interest", the Interest Rate 
may be fixed or floating and the amount of interest for each Interest Period shall be calculated in 
the manner specified in one of the other provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest), save that the 
Calculation Amount which is used to determine the Interest Amount payable in accordance with 
such other Condition (the "Adjusted Calculation Amount") shall be adjusted as follows: 
(i) 
if "Determination Date Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) as at the Observation Date falling the Number of Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date provided however that, in the case of any Interest

--- Page 124 ---
- 122 - 
Payment Date which falls after the final Observation Date, the Adjusted Portfolio Return 
(Interest) shall be determined as at the final Observation Date, or 
(ii) 
if "Weighted Average Exposure" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the Final Terms shall be multiplied by the weighted average of the Adjusted 
Portfolio Return (Interest) on each calendar day from and including the preceding Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the Observation Date on or preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion provided however that, 
in the case of any Interest Period which commences on or after the final Observation Date, 
the weighted average of the Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest) for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period shall be equal to the Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest) 
on the final Observation Date, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Return (Interest)" shall be the result obtained by subtracting the 
Adjusted Portfolio Loss (Interest) from 1. 
The "Adjusted Portfolio Loss (Interest)" will mean: 
(i) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference Entity 
(Interest) within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date 
and ending on the Observation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date is greater than N, the sum of the Basket Participation of the Nth Reference Entity 
(Interest) to default and the Nth plus 1 (i.e. the immediately succeeding) Reference Entity 
(Interest) to default within the Basket; or 
(ii) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference Entity 
(Interest) within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date 
and ending on the Observation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date is equal to N, an amount equal to the Basket Participation of the Nth Reference Entity 
(Interest) in respect of which a Credit Event occurs; or 
(iii) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference Entity 
(Interest) within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date 
and ending on the Observation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, is less than N, zero. 
"N" shall be the figure specified in the Final Terms under the heading "CLN Interest Provisions". 
(l) 
Capped Floor Float 
If this Condition 5(l) (Capped Floor Float) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by: 
(a) 
the lower of the Cap Strike and the Adjusted Reference Rate Return; and 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" will be the higher of: 
(a) 
the Gearing multiplied by the sum of the Reference Rate and the applicable Spread; and 
(b) 
the Floor Strike. 
The "Spread" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(m) 
Cap Floor 
If this Condition 5(m) (Cap Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the sum of Cap Amount 1, Cap 
Amount 2, Floor Amount 1 and Floor Amount 2.

--- Page 125 ---
- 123 - 
The "Cap Amount 1" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
the Cap Value 1; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Cap) 1; 
(c) 
the Cap Return 1; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Cap Value 1" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Cap) 1" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cap Return 1" will be the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike 1 
from the Reference Rate; and (y) zero. 
The "Cap Amount 2" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
the Cap Value 2; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Cap) 2; 
(c) 
the Cap Return 2; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Cap Value 2" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Cap) 2" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cap Return 2" will be the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike 2 
from the Reference Rate; and (y) zero. 
The "Floor Amount 1" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Floor Value 1; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Floor) 1; 
(c) 
the Floor Return 1; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Floor Value 1" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Floor) 1" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Floor Return 1" will be the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Reference 
Rate from the Floor Strike 1 and (y) zero. 
The "Floor Amount 2" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Floor Value 2; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Floor) 2; 
(c) 
the Floor Return 2; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Floor Value 2" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 126 ---
- 124 - 
The "Leverage (Floor) 2" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Floor Return 2" will be the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Reference 
Rate from the Floor Strike 2 and (y) zero. 
(n) 
Cap Floor Spread 
If this Condition 5(n) (Cap Floor Spread) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the sum of Cap Spread 
Amount 1, Cap Spread Amount 2, Floor Spread Amount 1 and Floor Spread Amount 2. 
The "Cap Spread Amount 1" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Cap Value 1; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Cap) 1; 
(c) 
the Cap Return 1; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Cap Value 1" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Cap) 1" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cap Return 1" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower 1 from the Cap Strike Upper 1; 
and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower 1 from the 
Reference Rate; and (y) zero. 
The "Cap Spread Amount 2" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Cap Value 2; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Cap) 2; 
(c) 
the Cap Return 2; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Cap Value 2" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Cap) 2" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cap Return 2" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower 2 from the Cap Strike Upper 2; 
and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower 2 from the 
Reference Rate; and (y) zero. 
The "Floor Spread Amount 1" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Floor Value 1; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Floor) 1; 
(c) 
the Floor Return 1; and

--- Page 127 ---
- 125 - 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Floor Value 1" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Floor) 1" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Floor Return 1" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Floor Strike Lower 1 from the Floor Strike Upper 1; 
and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Reference Rate from the Floor 
Strike Upper 1 and (y) zero. 
The "Floor Spread Amount 2" will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
The Floor Value 2; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Floor) 2; 
(c) 
the Floor Return 2; and 
(d) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Floor Value 2" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Floor) 2" will be the value(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Floor Return 2" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Floor Strike Lower 2 from the Floor Strike Upper 2; 
and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Reference Rate from the Floor 
Strike Upper 2 and (y) zero. 
(o) 
Range Accrual 
If this Condition 5(o) (Range Accrual) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by: 
(a) 
X 
(b) 
the Relevant Proportion; and 
(c) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
"X" shall be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms 
The "Relevant Proportion" shall be calculated by dividing the number of days during the relevant 
Interest Period on which the Reference Rate, Reference Asset or Basket is lower than or equal to 
Strike Upper and greater than or equal to the Strike Lower, by the total number of days during the 
applicable Interest Period. 
(p) 
Range Accrual In/Out 
If this Condition 5(p) (Range Accrual In/Out) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by: 
(a) 
the Adjusted Range Performance; and

--- Page 128 ---
- 126 - 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Adjusted Range Performance" will be the higher of the Floor Strike and the Range 
Performance. 
The "Range Performance" will be calculated by subtracting the Range Failure Value from the 
Range Success Value, and dividing the result by the total number of days during the applicable 
Interest Period. 
The "Range Success Value" will be the product of X and the number of days during the relevant 
Interest Period where the Reference Rate is lower than Strike Upper and greater than the Strike 
Lower. 
The "Range Failure Value" will be the product of Y and the number of days during the relevant 
Interest Period where the Reference Rate is greater than Strike Upper or lower than the Strike 
Lower. 
"X" and "Y" will be the values specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(q) 
Knockout Range Accrual 
If this Condition 5(q) (Knockout Range Accrual) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
X 
(b) 
the Relevant Proportion; and 
(c) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
"X" shall be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Relevant Proportion" shall mean, in relation to each applicable Interest Period: 
(a) 
if no Knock Out Event has occurred in previous Interest Periods or in the current Interest 
Period, the Relevant Proportion shall be 1 (one) 
(b) 
if a Knock Out Event occurs for the first time in the current Interest Period, the Relevant 
Proportion shall be calculated by dividing the number of Observation Dates in the current 
Interest Period occurring prior to the Knock Out Event by the total number of Observation 
Dates in the applicable Interest Period 
(c) 
if a Knock Out Event has occurred in a previous Interest Period, the Relevant Proportion 
shall be 0 (zero) 
The "Knock Out Event" is defined as any Observation Date where the Reference Rate is greater 
than Strike Upper or lower than Strike Lower. 
(r) 
Binary Cap/Floor 
If this Condition 5(r) (Binary Cap/Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
then: 
If the Reference Rate is greater than or equal to the Cap Strike, the Interest Amount for the 
applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
X; and 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 129 ---
- 127 - 
If the Reference Rate is less than the Cap Strike, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest 
Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
Z; and 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
If the Reference Rate is less than or equal to the Floor Strike, the Interest Amount will be equal to 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
Y; and 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
If the Reference Rate is greater than the Floor Strike, the Interest Amount will be equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by: 
(a) 
W; and 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
"W", "X", "Y" and "Z" will be the values specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(s) 
Binary Zero Coupon 
If this Condition 5(s) (Binary Zero Coupon) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount will only be payable on the Redemption Date, and will be equal to: 
(a) 
the product of the Calculation Amount and the Periodic Return, less 
(b) 
the Calculation Amount. 
The "Periodic Return" will be the product of the Reference Rate Return. 
The "Reference Rate Return" for each applicable Reference Rate will be the sum of: 
(a) 
1; and 
(b) 
the Rate Value multiplied by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Rate Value" will be X if the Reference Rate is greater than K, or Y if the Reference Rate is 
less than or equal to K. 
"K", "X" and "Y" will be the values specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(t) 
Inverse Floater 
If this Condition 5(t) (Inverse Floater) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Reference Rate Return and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Reference Rate Return" will be the sum of Y and the lower of 
(a) 
Z and 
(b) 
the higher of: (x) zero; and (y) k multiplied by the result of subtracting the Reference Rate 
from X. 
"k", "X", "Y" and "Z" will be the values specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(u) 
Autocallable Rate 
If this Condition 5(u) (Autocallable Rate) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then if the Autocall Condition is satisfied on any applicable Valuation Date during the relevant

--- Page 130 ---
- 128 - 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplied by X, multiplied by N, and multiplied by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
If the Autocall Condition is not satisfied on any applicable Valuation Date during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be zero. 
"N" means the number of Interest Periods that have passed up to and including the Interest Period 
during which the Autocall Condition is satisfied, or such other value as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"X" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Autocall Condition" means that the Reference Rate exceeds one or more specified Coupon 
Barrier Level(s) and/or equals the Coupon Barrier Level one or more specified Coupon Barrier 
Level(s) and/or is below one or more specified Coupon Barrier Level(s), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(v) 
Digital Long 
If this Condition 5(v) (Digital Long) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if 
the Basket Return on any Interest Determination Date is equal to or greater than the Basket Strike 
Level, the Interest Amount will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
The Basket Return will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Basket Return is not equal to or greater than the Basket Strike Level on any Interest 
Determination Date, the Interest Amount will be zero. 
(w) 
Digital Short 
If this Condition 5(w) (Digital Short) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if 
the Basket Return on any Interest Determination Date is equal to or below the Basket Strike Level, 
the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by 
the Coupon. 
If the Basket Return is above the Basket Strike Level on any Interest Determination Date, the 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be zero. 
The Basket Return will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms. 
(x) 
Best of/Worst of Digital Long 
If this Condition 5(x) (Best of/Worst of Digital Long) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then if the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on any 
Interest Determination Date is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the Interest Amount for 
the relevant Interest Period will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset is below the Barrier 
Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will 
be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset will be the Reference Asset with the Nth highest 
Reference Asset Return, as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms, where 
"N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
(y) 
Best of/Worst of Digital Short 
If this Condition 5(y) (Best of/Worst of Digital Short) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then:

--- Page 131 ---
- 129 - 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on any Interest 
Determination Date is equal to or below the Barrier Level, the Interest Amount for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset is above the Barrier 
Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will 
be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset will be the Reference Asset with the Nth highest 
Reference Asset Return, as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms, where 
"N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
(z) 
Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 2 
If this Condition 5(z) (Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 2) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be calculated by 
multiplying the Calculation Amount by the higher of: (i) the Coupon Level less the Paid Coupon 
and (ii) zero. 
The "Coupon Level" means, on any Interest Determination Date, the product of N, the Coupon 
Barrier Level and the Coupon. 
"N" will be the number of the relevant Valuation Date where the first Valuation Date has the value 
N=1, the second Valuation Date has the Value N=2, and so forth. 
The "Coupon" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
The "Coupon Barrier Level" will be 1 if the Reference Asset Return (as determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), 
as specified in the Final Terms) for every Reference Asset within the Basket is greater than, or 
equal to, the Barrier Level on each Interest Determination Date, otherwise it will be zero. 
The "Paid Coupon" means the sum of all coupons which have been paid up to (but excluding) the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
(aa) 
Digital Podium Long 
If this Condition 5(aa) (Digital Podium Long) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then: 
If the Reference Asset Return for each Reference Asset on any Interest Determination Date is equal 
to or greater than the relevant Barrier Level, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period 
will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return for each of the N best performing Reference Assets equal to or 
greater than the relevant Barrier Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount for 
the relevant Interest Period will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon 2. 
The "N best performing" Reference Assets will be the pre-specified number of Reference Assets 
with the highest Reference Asset Return, as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) 
("Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms, where "N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Reference Asset Return for each of the N best performing Reference Assets is not equal to 
or greater than the relevant Barrier Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount 
for the relevant Interest Period will be zero.

--- Page 132 ---
- 130 - 
(bb) 
Digital Podium Short 
If this Condition 5(bb) (Digital Podium Short) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then: 
If the Reference Asset Return for each Reference Asset on any Interest Determination Date is equal 
to or below the relevant Barrier Level, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return for each of the N worst performing Reference Assets is equal to or 
below the relevant Barrier Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount for the 
relevant Interest Period will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Coupon 2. 
The "N worst performing" Reference Assets will be the pre-specified number of Reference Assets 
with the lowest Reference Asset Return, as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) 
"Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms, where "N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Reference Asset Return for each of the N worst performing Reference Assets is not equal to 
or below the relevant Barrier Level on any Interest Determination Date, the Interest Amount for 
the relevant Interest Period will be zero. 
(cc) 
Series of Digitals 
If this Condition 5(cc) (Series of Digitals) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the Adjusted Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
The "Adjusted Calculation Amount" will be the Calculation Amount multiplied by the fraction 
of which the numerator is the number of Reference Assets with a Closing Price which is equal to 
or above the relevant Barrier Level on each Observation Date during the relevant Interest Period, 
and the denominator is the number of Reference Assets within the Basket. 
(dd) 
Cash Settled Swaption Straddle 
If this Condition 5(dd) (Cash Settled Swaption Straddle) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be the sum of the Cash 
Settled Payer Swaption and the Cash Settled Receiver Swaption. 
The "Cash Settled Payer Swaption" means an amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by: 
(a) 
the Gearing Payer; 
(b) 
the higher of zero and the result obtained by subtracting the Payer Strike from the 
Reference Rate on the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(c) 
the Payer Annuity (Cash). 
The "Gearing Payer" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Payer Strike" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Payer Annuity (Cash)" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1 based on the 
same payment dates and conventions as the fixed rate leg in the underlying swap of the swaption 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date using the Reference Rate as 
discount rate. 
The "Cash Settled Receiver Swaption" means an amount equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by: 
(a) 
the Gearing Receiver;

--- Page 133 ---
- 131 - 
(b) 
the higher of zero and the result obtained by subtracting the Reference Rate at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date from the Receiver Strike; and 
(c) 
the Receiver Annuity (Cash). 
The "Gearing Receiver" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Receiver Strike" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Receiver Annuity (Cash)" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1 based on the 
same payment dates and conventions as the fixed rate leg in the underlying swap of the swaption 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date using the Reference Rate as 
discount rate. 
(ee) 
Power Cap/Floor 
If this Condition 5(ee) (Power Cap/Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by: 
(a) 
the Interest Rate; 
(b) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" is the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the Power Return. 
The "Power Return" means the higher of: i) zero and ii) the Adjusted Reference Rate, in either 
case raised to the power of the Power Factor. 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" means the product of the Gearing and the result obtained 
by subtracting the Strike Level from the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
The "Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Power Factor" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ff) 
Compounding Floater 
If this Condition 5(ff) (Compounding Floater) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be paid on the Redemption Date 
and will be equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Compounded Interest Rate. 
The "Compounded Interest Rate" is the periodically compounded Interest Rate, taking the 
applicable day count fraction into account. 
The "Interest Rate" is the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the Adjusted Reference Rate 
Return. 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" means the higher of: 
(i) 
the Floor Value; and 
(ii) 
the Gearing multiplied by the sum of the Reference Rate on the applicable Valuation 
Date(s) and the Spread. 
The "Floor Value" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 134 ---
- 132 - 
(gg) 
Lock-In 1 
If this Condition 5(gg) (Lock-In 1) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" means: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate has fulfilled the Lock in Condition at the Valuation Time on any 
Valuation Date, then the Interest Rate will be equal to the Fixed Rate; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate has not fulfilled the Lock in Condition at the Valuation Time on any 
Valuation Date, the Interest Rate will be the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the 
Adjusted Reference Rate Return. 
The "Lock in Condition" is fulfilled if the Reference Rate is either greater than the Strike Upper 
or lower than the Strike Lower. 
The "Fixed Rate" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" means the higher of: 
(i) 
the Floor Value; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date and 
the Spread, less the Strike Level. 
The "Floor Value" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(hh) 
Lock-In 2 
If this Condition 5(hh) (Lock-In 2) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" means: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate has not fulfilled the Lock in Condition at the Valuation Time on any 
Valuation Date, then the Interest Rate will be equal to the Fixed Rate; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate has fulfilled the Lock in Condition at the Valuation Time on any 
Valuation Date, the Interest Rate will be the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the 
Adjusted Reference Rate Return. 
The "Lock in Condition" is fulfilled if the Reference Rate is either greater than the Strike Upper 
or lower than the Strike Lower. 
The "Fixed Rate" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" means the higher of: 
(i) 
the Floor Value; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on any Valuation Date and the Spread, 
less the Strike Level. 
The "Floor Value" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 135 ---
- 133 - 
(ii) 
Snowball 
If this Condition 5(ii) (Snowball) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be equal to the sum of the Coupon Return for each applicable Valuation 
Period. 
The "Coupon Return" will be: 
(i) 
on the Initial Valuation Date, the Coupon; 
(ii) 
on each subsequent Valuation Date, the Adjusted Coupon. 
The "Adjusted Coupon" will be the higher of: 
(i) 
zero; and 
(ii) 
the sum of: 
(a) 
Coupon Return on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
the product of (X) the result obtained by subtracting the Reference Rate at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date from the Strike Level, and (Y) K. 
"K" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(jj) 
Accumulator 
If this Condition 5(jj) (Accumulator) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be equal to the Coupon Return for each applicable Valuation Period. 
The "Coupon Return" will be: 
(i) 
on the Initial Valuation Date, the Initial Coupon; 
(ii) 
on each subsequent Valuation Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
the Coupon Return on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
the Adjusted Coupon 
The "Adjusted Coupon" will be the Gearing multiplied by the higher of: 
(i) 
the Floor Value; and 
(ii) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Level from the Reference Rate at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date. 
"Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floor Value" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(kk) 
Binary Accumulator 
If this Condition 5(kk) (Binary Accumulator) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be equal to the Coupon Return for each applicable Valuation Period.

--- Page 136 ---
- 134 - 
The "Coupon Return" will be: 
(i) 
on the Initial Valuation Date, the Initial Coupon; 
(ii) 
on each subsequent Valuation Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
the Coupon Return on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
the Adjusted Coupon. 
The "Adjusted Coupon" will be the higher of: 
(i) 
the Floor Value; and 
(ii) 
the Coupon Rate. 
"Floor Value" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to X and greater than or equal to Y, the Coupon; or 
(b) 
otherwise, zero. 
(ll) 
Contingent Cap/Floor 
If this Condition 5(ll) (Contingent Cap/Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate 2 at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to Strike 2 the higher of: 
(i) 
zero; and 
(ii) 
the Gearing multiplied by the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Level from 
the Reference Rate on the applicable Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate 2 on the applicable Valuation Date is less than Strike 2, zero. 
"Reference Rate 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(mm) 
Dual Digital Cap 
If this Condition 5(mm) (Dual Digital Cap) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the Strike Level and the Reference Rate 2 at the Valuation Time on the 
applicable Valuation Date is greater than or equal to Strike 2, the Coupon; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is lower than 
the Strike Level and/or the Reference Rate 2 at the Valuation Time on the applicable 
Valuation Date is lower than Strike 2, zero.

--- Page 137 ---
- 135 - 
"Reference Rate 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(nn) 
Dual Digital Floor 
If this Condition 5(nn) (Dual Digital Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to the Strike Level and the Reference Rate 2 at the Valuation Time on the 
applicable Valuation Date is less than or equal to Strike 2, the Coupon; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date is greater 
than the Strike Level and/or the Reference Rate 2 at the Valuation Time on the applicable 
Valuation Date is greater than Strike 2, zero. 
"Reference Rate 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike 2" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(oo) 
Binary Inflation Cap 
If this Condition 5(oo) (Binary Inflation Cap) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
If the Inflation Rate is greater than or equal to the Strike Level as at the Valuation Time on the 
applicable Valuation Date, the Interest Rate will be equal to the Coupon, otherwise the Interest 
Rate will be zero. 
(pp) 
Binary Inflation Floor 
If this Condition 5(pp) (Binary Inflation Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
If the Inflation Rate is less than or equal to the Strike Level as at the Valuation Time on the 
applicable Valuation Date, the Interest Rate will be equal to the Coupon, otherwise the Interest 
Rate will be zero. 
(qq) 
Binary Inflation Range 
If this Condition 5(qq) (Binary Inflation Range) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be: 
If the Inflation Rate is greater than or equal to the Strike Lower and less than or equal to the Strike 
Upper as at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date, the Interest Rate will be equal 
to the Coupon, otherwise the Interest Rate will be zero.

--- Page 138 ---
- 136 - 
(rr) 
Inflation Range Accrual 
T If this Condition 5(rr) (Inflation Range Accrual) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Rate and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Interest Rate" will be equal to the Coupon multiplied by the result of the fraction where the 
numerator is the number of Valuation Periods that satisfy the Range Accrual Condition, and the 
denominator is the total number of Valuation Periods. 
The "Range Accrual Condition" means that the Inflation Rate is greater than or equal to the Strike 
Lower and less than or equal to the Strike Upper as at the Valuation Time on the applicable 
Valuation Date. 
(ss) 
Inflation Cap/Floor 
If this Condition 5(ss) (Inflation Cap/Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Gearing, the Inflation Return and the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Gearing" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Inflation Return" will be the higher of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of the Flag and the result of subtracting the Strike Level from the Inflation 
Rate as at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date. 
The "Flag" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(tt) 
Inflation Straddle 
If this Condition 5(tt) (Inflation Straddle) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the sum of the 
Inflation Cap and the Inflation Floor, the Calculation Amount and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
The "Inflation Cap" will be equal to the product of the Gearing (Cap) and the higher of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Upper from the Inflation Rate at the Valuation 
Time on the on the applicable Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
zero. 
The "Inflation Floor" will be equal to the product of the Gearing (Floor) and the higher of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Lower from the Inflation Rate at the Valuation 
Time on the on the applicable Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
zero. 
"Gearing (Cap)" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing (Floor)" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike Upper" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike Lower" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(uu) 
Inflation Cap Floor Spread 
If this Condition 5(uu) (Inflation Cap Floor Spread) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the

--- Page 139 ---
- 137 - 
sum of the Inflation Cap Spread and the Inflation Floor Spread, the Calculation Amount and the 
applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The "Inflation Cap Spread" will be equal to the product of: 
(a) 
The Cap Value; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Cap); and 
(c) 
the Cap Return. 
The "Cap Value" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Cap)" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cap Return" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower from the Cap Strike Upper; and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Cap Strike Lower from the Inflation 
Rate as at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date; and (y) zero). 
The "Inflation Floor Spread" will be equal to the product of: 
(a) 
The Floor Value; 
(b) 
the Leverage (Floor); and 
(c) 
the Floor Return. 
The "Floor Value" will be either 1, minus 1 or zero, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Leverage (Floor)" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Floor Return" will be the lower of: 
(a) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Floor Strike Lower from the Floor Strike Upper; and 
(b) 
the higher of (x) the result obtained by subtracting the Inflation Rate as at the Valuation 
Time on the applicable Valuation Date from the Floor Strike Upper and (y) zero). 
(vv) 
ZC Inflation Cap Floor 
If this Condition 5(vv) (ZC Inflation Cap Floor) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount, the Gearing and the higher of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the Inflation Return. 
The "Gearing" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Inflation Return" means the product of: 
(i) 
the Flag; and 
(ii) 
the result of subtracting the Strike Deductible from the Inflation Rate as at the Valuation 
Time on the applicable Valuation Date. 
The "Strike Deductible" means: 
(i) 
the sum of 1 and the Strike Level; 
(ii) 
raised to the power of the Tenor;

--- Page 140 ---
- 138 - 
(iii) 
less 1. 
The "Flag" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Tenor" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ww) 
Inflation Linker 1 
If this Condition 5(ww) (Inflation Linker 1) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Gearing and the Inflation Return. 
The "Gearing" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Inflation Return" will be the higher of: 
(i) 
zero; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Inflation Rate as at the Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Time 
on the relevant Valuation Date and the Spread. 
The "Spread" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(xx) 
Inflation Linker 2 
If this Condition 5(xx) (Inflation Linker 2) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
the Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount, the Coupon and the Inflation Adjustment. 
The "Inflation Adjustment" will be the result obtained by dividing the Inflation Index as at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Valuation Date by the Inflation Index on the Initial Valuation 
Date. 
The "Inflation Index" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(yy) 
Strip of Call Spreads 
If this Condition 5(yy) (Strip of Call Spreads) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be equal to the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the higher of: 
(a) 
the Minimum Basket Return; and 
(b) 
the lower of: (i) the Coupon and (ii) the Basket Return (Interest). 
The "Basket Return (Interest)" will be the sum of the Weighted Asset Return (Interest) for each 
Reference Asset (Interest) in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return (Interest)" is the average of the Reference Asset Return (Interest) 
multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation (Interest) for the relevant Reference Asset 
(Interest) on each Interest Determination Date. 
The "Reference Asset Return (Interest)" will be the result obtained by dividing the Final Price 
for the relevant Reference Asset (Interest) on the applicable Interest Determination Date by the 
Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(zz) 
General Conditions relating to Interest 
If an Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 5 (Interest), for any reason, whether due to an inability to value a particular Reference 
Asset, due to an event referred to in the first paragraph of Condition 22 (Limitation of liability etc.), 
or for any other reason, interest shall continue to accrue on the Notes at the rate applicable to the 
then current Interest Period. The Issuing Agent (or, where applicable, the Calculation Agent) or 
the Issuer shall, as soon as the relevant event has ceased, calculate the new Interest Rate which

--- Page 141 ---
- 139 - 
shall apply from the second Business Day after the date of calculation until the expiry of the then 
current Interest Period. 
The Issuer may appoint another person or entity to perform calculations pursuant to these Terms 
and Conditions (the "Calculation Agent"). The name of any such Calculation Agent shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the amount of interest actually paid 
to Noteholders on any Interest Payment Date was in excess of the amount of interest due and 
payable to Noteholders on such Interest Payment Date, as calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 5 (Interest) (such amount an "Overpayment"), the Issuer may reduce the amount of 
interest payable on any subsequent Interest Payment Date in order to compensate the Issuer for 
such Overpayment. The amount of interest to be deducted on any Interest Payment Date shall not 
exceed the aggregate of all Overpayment in respect of the relevant Notes, less any previous 
deductions in accordance with this Condition 5(zz) (General Conditions relating to Interest). The 
Issuer shall notify Noteholders of any reduction in the amount of interest scheduled to be paid on 
an Interest Payment Date, and the reasons therefor, at least 2 Business Days prior to that Interest 
Payment Date. Such notice shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(aaa) 
FX Component (Interest) 
If "FX Component (Interest)" is specified as applicable to one or more Interest Amounts payable 
on certain Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the relevant Interest 
Amount(s) for the relevant Interest Payment Date(s), (as determined in accordance with whichever 
of the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 (Interest) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms), will be further multiplied by the applicable FX Factor (Interest) for the purposes of 
determining the overall Interest Amount payable to the Holders on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
(bbb) 
Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser 
This Condition 5(bbb) shall not apply to Notes linked to SOFR. Save as aforesaid, notwithstanding 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Issuing Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) either (i) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
or (ii) considers that there may be a Successor Rate, in either case, when any Interest Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to an Interest Base Rate, 
then the Issuer may, subject to the additional conditions in Part II, III and IV of the Conditions, 
elect to apply the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Interest Rate applicable 
to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser) if a further Benchmark 
Event occurs); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Interest Base Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Interest Base Rate, 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative

--- Page 142 ---
- 140 - 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Interest Base Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most 
comparable to the relevant Interest Base Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be 
such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, 
however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (iv), the Issuer may perform an early calculation of 
the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount and determine the 
Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has determined 
the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount the Issuer shall notify the 
Holders of the amount of the Redemption Amount and the yield and the interest rate which 
will continue to accrue on the Notes (if any). The Redemption Amount (including accrued 
interest, if any) shall be paid on the Redemption Date. If the Issuer does not elect to redeem 
the Notes, the Interest Base Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Interest Base Rate most recently published on the Relevant Screen Page for a term 
equivalent to the relevant Interest Period (though substituting, where a different margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(bbb) 
(Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser)); 
(v) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Interest Rate and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Interest Base Rate applicable to the Notes, 
and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(bbb) (Benchmark 
Replacement - Independent Adviser)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Issuing 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Interest Base Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 143 ---
- 141 - 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Interest Base Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Interest Base Rate) it has ceased or will cease publishing such 
Interest Base Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Interest Base Rate 
that such Interest Base Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinue; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Interest Base Rate 
that means that such Interest Base Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Interest Base Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Interest Base Rate is or will, 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of 
an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Interest Base Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Interest Base Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
(ccc) 
Benchmark Replacement – ARRC 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5(ccc) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC), including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(ccc) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that 
if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 144 ---
- 142 - 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted Interest Rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):

--- Page 145 ---
- 143 - 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the longest 
period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor; and 
(B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer 
than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (iii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 5(ccc) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such 
changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 146 ---
- 144 - 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 5(ccc) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.  
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining 
as to whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to 
review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of 
any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are 
inaccurate or incorrect. 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 5(ccc), the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Interest Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Interest 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Interest Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes at their Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date specified in the Final 
Terms. The Redemption Amount will be determined as follows, subject always to the other 
provisions of this Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), if applicable: 
If "Additional Amounts" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption 
Amount will be either: (i) the sum of the Base Redemption Amount and the Additional Amount or 
(ii) the result obtained by subtracting the Additional Amount from the Base Redemption Amount, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Additional Amount will be calculated in accordance 
with one of the performance structures set out below, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if Condition 6(g) (Combination of Structures) is applicable, the Additional Amount will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Combination of Structures) on the basis of a 
combination of the performance structures set out below, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
If "Additional Amounts" are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount will equal the Base Redemption Amount, or be determined in accordance 
with one of the other performance structures set out in this Condition 6(a) (Redemption at 
Maturity), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will specify which of the following performance structures is applicable to each 
Series of Notes. If the Interest Amount payable on the Redemption Date is a negative number, then 
it will be deducted from the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with this Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase), but subject to the proviso that the Redemption Amount shall never be 
less than zero. 
If the performance structure specified in the Final Terms is the: 
(i) 
"Basket Long" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and the Basket Return.

--- Page 147 ---
- 145 - 
The "Basket Return" will be the sum of the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference 
Asset in the Basket provided that: 
(A) 
if "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket 
Return shall be the higher of a) the Minimum Basket Return, and b) the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference Asset in the Basket; or 
(B) 
if "Basket Cap" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket 
Return shall be the lower of a) the Maximum Basket Return, and b) the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference Asset in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" is the Reference Asset Return multiplied by the applicable 
Basket Participation. 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for 
each Reference Asset by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level provided that: 
(A) 
if "Reference Asset Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Reference Asset Return shall be the higher of a) the Minimum Reference 
Asset Return for the relevant Reference Asset, and b) the Reference Asset Return 
calculated in the manner described in the preceding part of this definition; or 
(B) 
if "Reference Asset Cap" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Basket Return shall be the lower of a) the Maximum Reference Asset Return 
for the relevant Reference Asset, and b) the Reference Asset Return calculated in 
the manner described in the preceding part of this definition. 
(ii) 
"Basket Short" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return. 
The "Basket Return" will be the sum of the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference 
Asset in the Basket provided that: 
(A) 
if "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket 
Return shall be the higher of a) the Minimum Basket Return, and b) the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference Asset in the Basket; or 
(B) 
if "Basket Cap" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket 
Return shall be the lower of a) the Maximum Basket Return, and b) the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference Asset in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" is the Reference Asset Return multiplied by the applicable 
Basket Participation. 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be determined by subtracting from the Strike Level 
the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Initial Price 
provided that: 
(A) 
if "Reference Asset Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Reference Asset Return shall be the higher of a) the Minimum Reference 
Asset Return for the relevant Reference Asset, and b) the Reference Asset Return 
calculated in the manner described in the preceding part of this definition; or 
(B) 
if "Reference Asset Cap" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Basket Return shall be the lower of a) the Maximum Reference Asset Return 
for the relevant Reference Asset, and b) the Reference Asset Return calculated in 
the manner described in the preceding part of this definition. 
(iii) 
"Barrier outperformance" structure 
If the Basket Return (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms,

--- Page 148 ---
- 146 - 
on any Valuation Date exceeds the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be the 
Maximum Basket Return. If the Basket Return does not exceed the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
(iv) 
"Barrier Underperformance" structure 
If the Basket Return (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms, 
on any Valuation Date falls below the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be the 
Maximum Basket Return. If the Basket Return does not fall below the Barrier Level on 
any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
(v) 
"Best of/Worst of Barrier Outperformance" structure 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset (as determined 
in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) 
("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms, on any Valuation Date exceeds 
the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be the Maximum Basket Return. If the 
Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset does not exceed the 
Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset shall be the Reference Asset with the Nth 
highest Reference Asset Return, where "N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
(vi) 
"Best of/Worst of Barrier Underperformance" structure 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset (as determined 
in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) 
("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms, on any Valuation Date falls 
below the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be the Maximum Basket Return. If 
the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset does not fall below 
the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset shall be the Reference Asset with the Nth 
highest Reference Asset Return, where "N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
(vii) 
"Autocallable Structure Long" 
If the Notes have not been subject to early redemption in accordance with Condition 6(p) 
(Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable performance structure), then the Additional 
Amount will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
If a Risk Barrier Event has occurred on any Risk Barrier Observation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes with the Participation Ratio and either: 
(1) 
if the Maximum Basket Return is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Basket Return on the Valuation Date; or 
(2) 
if the Maximum Basket Return is specified as "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the lower of: (i) the Basket Return on the Valuation 
Date and (ii) the Maximum Basket Return; or 
(B) 
If a Risk Barrier Event has not occurred on any Risk Barrier Observation Date, 
the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of 
the Notes with the Participation Ratio 2 and either: 
(1) 
if the Minimum Basket Return is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Basket Return on the Valuation Date; or 
(2) 
if the Minimum Basket Return is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant 
Final Terms, the higher of: (i) the Basket Return on the Valuation Date, 
and (ii) the Minimum Basket Return.

--- Page 149 ---
- 147 - 
The "Basket Return" will be determined in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) unless Condition 6(c) (Best 
of/Worst of Modifier) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in which case 
the Basket Return shall be replaced with the Reference Asset Return of the Nth Best 
Performing Reference Asset in accordance with the aforementioned Condition 6(a)(i) 
("Basket Long" structure). 
(viii) 
"Autocallable Structure – Short" 
If the Notes have not been subject to early redemption in accordance with Condition 6(p) 
(Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable performance structure), then the Additional 
Amount will be calculated in the same manner as Condition 6(a)(vii) (Autocallable 
Structure Long) above, save that the "Basket Return" and the "Reference Asset Return" 
will be determined in the same manner as for the "Basket Short" structure set out in 
Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
(ix) 
"Replacement Basket" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and the Basket Return. 
The "Basket Return" will be the sum of the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference 
Asset in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" is the Reference Asset Return multiplied by the applicable 
Basket Participation, provided that the Reference Asset Return of the N Best Performing 
Reference Assets, will be replaced with the Replacement Factor for the purposes of 
determining the Weighted Asset Return. 
The "N Best Performing Reference Assets" will be the number "N" of Reference Assets 
(as specified in the Final Terms) with the highest Reference Asset Return. 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for 
each Reference Asset by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(x) 
"Locally Capped Basket" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return. 
The "Basket Return" will be the sum of the Weighted Asset Return for each Reference 
Asset in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" is the lower of: (i) the Reference Asset Return and (ii) the 
Maximum Performance, multiplied in either case by the applicable Basket Participation. 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for 
each Reference Asset by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xi) 
"Rainbow Basket" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in accordance with either the "Basket Long 
Structure" set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
Structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), in either case as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
The "Basket Participation" will be determined on the basis of the Rainbow Basket 
Participation.

--- Page 150 ---
- 148 - 
(xii) 
"Booster Short" structure 
If the Basket Return is greater than or equal to the Initial Basket Level, the Additional 
Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return. 
If the Basket Return less than the Initial Basket Level, the Additional Amount will be 
calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 
and the Basket Return (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less than the 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
For the purposes of calculating the Basket Return, the "Reference Asset Return" will be 
the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the result obtained by dividing the 
Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Initial Price. 
(xiii) 
"Booster Long" structure 
If the Basket Return is greater than or equal to the Initial Basket Level, the Additional 
Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return. 
If the Basket Return is less than the Initial Basket Level, the Additional Amount will be 
calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 
and the Basket Return (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less than the 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure). 
(xiv) 
"Booster Risk Barrier Short" structure 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes 
by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level on each Valuation Date but below the 
Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date and below the Initial 
Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket 
Return on the final Valuation Date (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less 
than the Principal Amount of the Notes). 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
(xv) 
"Booster Risk Barrier Long" structure 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes 
by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level on each Valuation Date but below the 
Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date and below the Initial 
Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket 
Return on the final Valuation Date (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less 
than the Principal Amount of the Notes).

--- Page 151 ---
- 149 - 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
Structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure). 
For the purposes of calculating the Basket Return, the "Reference Asset Return" will be 
the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Initial Price, 
and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xvi) 
"Twin-Win" 
If the Basket Return calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) is at or above the Barrier Level 2 on the 
relevant Valuation Date(s), the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the 
Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return on the 
Twin-Win Valuation Date calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure). 
If the Basket Return calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) is at or above the Barrier Level 1 on the 
relevant Valuation Date(s) but below the Barrier Level 2 on the relevant Valuation Date(s), 
the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and by the Basket Return on the Twin-Win Valuation 
Date, calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 
6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
If the Basket Return calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) is below the Barrier Level 1 on the 
relevant Valuation Date(s) and below the Barrier Level 2 on the relevant Valuation Date(s), 
the Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio 3 and the Basket Return on the Twin-Win Valuation Date, 
calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set out in Condition 
6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) (which will result in a Redemption Amount of less than 
the Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(xvii) 
"Bonus Booster Short" structure 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date and 
below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated 
by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the 
Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date and below the Initial 
Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket 
Return on the final Valuation Date (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less 
than the Principal Amount of the Notes). 
If the Basket Return is never below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be equal to the higher of: 
(A) 
the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Coupon; and 
(B) 
the amount calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
For the purposes of calculating the Basket Return, the "Reference Asset Return" will be 
the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the result obtained by dividing the 
Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Initial Price.

--- Page 152 ---
- 150 - 
(xviii) 
"Bonus Booster Long" structure 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date and 
below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated 
by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio and by the 
Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date and below the Initial 
Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be calculated by 
multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket 
Return on the final Valuation Date (which may result in a Redemption Amount of less 
than the Principal Amount of the Notes). 
If the Basket Return is never below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be equal to the higher of: 
(A) 
the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Coupon; and 
(B) 
the amount calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" Structure). 
For the purposes of calculating the Basket Return, the "Reference Asset Return" will be 
the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Initial Price, 
and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xix) 
"Cliquet" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and the highest of: 
(i) 
the Final Lock-in Level; 
(ii) 
the Cliquet Return; and 
(iii) 
the Global Floor. 
The "Final Lock-in Level" means the highest Lock-in Level which is reached or exceeded 
by the Aggregate Basket Return on any Valuation Date. 
"Lock-in Level" means each level specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Cliquet Return" means the lower of: 
(i) 
the Global Cap; and 
(ii) 
the Adjusted Coupon. 
The "Adjusted Coupon" means the Initial Coupon plus the Aggregate Basket Return as 
at the most recently occurring Valuation Date. 
The "Global Cap" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Global 
Cap is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Global Cap shall be ascribed a 
notional value of infinity for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount. 
The "Global Floor" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Global 
Floor is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Global Floor shall be ascribed 
a notional value of zero for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount. 
The "Initial Coupon" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 153 ---
- 151 - 
The "Aggregate Basket Return" for each Valuation Period (the "relevant Valuation 
Period") will be the sum of the Adjusted Periodic Basket Returns for each Valuation 
Period up to and including the relevant Valuation Period. 
The "Adjusted Periodic Basket Return" for each applicable Valuation Period will be the 
higher of: 
(A) 
The Local Floor; and 
(B) 
the lower of: (a) the Local Cap and (b) the Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return. 
The "Local Cap" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Local Cap 
is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Local Cap shall be ascribed a notional 
value of infinity for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount. 
The "Local Floor" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Local 
Floor is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Local Floor shall be ascribed a 
notional value of zero for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount. 
The "Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return" is the result obtained by taking the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Returns as at the applicable Valuation Date, and subtracting the sum 
of the Weighted Asset Returns as at the immediately preceding Valuation Date, and 
expressing that result as a percentage of the sum of the Weighted Asset Returns as at the 
immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" is the Reference Asset Return multiplied by the applicable 
Basket Participation. 
The "Reference Asset Return" will be the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for 
each Reference Asset by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xx) 
"Reverse Cliquet" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Cliquet" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(xix) ("Cliquet" structure), save that the definition of 
"Adjusted Coupon" shall read as follows: 
The "Adjusted Coupon" means the Initial Coupon less the Aggregate Basket Return as 
at the most recently occurring Valuation Date. 
(xxi) 
"Replacement Cliquet" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Cliquet" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(xix) ("Cliquet" structure), save that the definition of 
"Adjusted Periodic Basket Return" shall read as follows: 
The "Adjusted Periodic Basket Return" for each applicable Valuation Period will be the 
Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return, save that in respect of the Valuation Periods with the 
N highest Unadjusted Periodic Basket Returns, the Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return 
shall be replaced with the relevant Fixed Periodic Basket Return specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"N" shall have the value given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Periodic Basket Return" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(xxii) 
"Reverse Replacement Cliquet" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Reverse Cliquet" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(xx) ("Reverse Cliquet" structure), save that the 
definition of "Adjusted Periodic Basket Return" shall read as follows: 
The "Adjusted Periodic Basket Return" for each applicable Valuation Period will be the 
Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return, save that in respect of the Valuation Periods with the

--- Page 154 ---
- 152 - 
N highest Unadjusted Periodic Basket Returns, the Unadjusted Periodic Basket Return 
shall be replaced with the relevant Fixed Periodic Basket Return specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"N" shall have the value given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Periodic Basket Return" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(xxiii) 
"Rainbow Replacement Cliquet" structure 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio and the higher of: 
(i) 
the Minimum Basket Return; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Weighted Replacement Cliquet Performance of each Reference 
Asset in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Replacement Cliquet Performance" will be the Replacement Cliquet 
Performance of the relevant Reference Asset multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Basket Participation" will be determined on the basis of the Replacement Cliquet 
Basket Participation. 
The "Replacement Cliquet Performance" will be the sum of the Adjusted Periodic 
Reference Asset Returns of the relevant Reference Asset for each Valuation Period. 
The "Adjusted Periodic Reference Asset Return" for each applicable Valuation Period 
will be the Periodic Reference Asset Return, save that in respect of the Valuation Periods 
with the N highest Periodic Reference Asset Returns, the Reference Asset Return shall be 
replaced with the relevant Fixed Reference Asset Return specified in the Final Terms. 
"N" shall have the value given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Reference Asset Return" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Periodic Reference Asset Return" will be the result (expressed as a percentage) 
obtained by dividing the Final Price for each Reference Asset by the Start Price and 
subtracting 100 per cent. 
The "Start Price" will be the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset on the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding the start of the application Valuation Period. 
The "Final Price" will be the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset on the 
Valuation Date at the end of the applicable Valuation Period. 
(xxiv) 
Reverse Convertible structure 
If the Basket Return is equal to or above the Initial Basket Level, the Redemption Amount 
will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes. 
If the Basket Return is below the Initial Basket Level, the Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation Ratio 
and the Basket Return and adding the resulting negative amount to the Principal Amount 
of the Notes (in this case the Redemption Amount will be less than the Principal Amount 
of the Notes). 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 155 ---
- 153 - 
(xxv) 
Reverse Convertible Risk Barrier structure 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, and on the final 
Valuation Date the Basket Return is below the Initial Basket Level, the Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and the Basket Return and adding the resulting negative amount to the 
Principal Amount of the Notes (in this case the Redemption Amount will be less than the 
Principal Amount of the Notes). Otherwise the Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
Principal Amount of the Notes. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(xxvi) 
"Best of/Worst of" Reverse Convertible structure 
If the Nth Best Reference Asset Return is below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, 
and below the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the Redemption Amount 
will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation 
Ratio and the Nth Best Reference Asset Return and adding the resulting negative amount 
to the Principal Amount of the Notes. In this case the Redemption Amount will be less 
than the Principal Amount. Otherwise, the Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
Principal Amount of the Notes. 
The "Nth Best Reference Asset Return" is the Reference Asset Return in respect of 
which the Reference Asset Return is the Nth highest, where "N" shall be the value 
specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Reference Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing the Final Price for each 
Reference Asset by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xxvii) Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 1 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the higher of: (i) zero, and (ii) the Coupon Level. 
The "Coupon Level" means, on any Valuation Date, the higher of: (i) the Coupon Level 
on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (or, in the case of the Initial Valuation Date, 
the Initial Coupon) and (ii) the product of N, the Coupon Barrier Level and the Coupon. 
"N" will be the number of the relevant Valuation Date, where the first Valuation Date has 
the value N=1, the second Valuation Date has the Value N=2, and so forth. 
The "Coupon Barrier Level" will be 1 if the Reference Asset Return (as determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket 
Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms) for every Reference Asset within the 
Basket is greater than, or equal to, the Barrier Level on each Valuation Date, otherwise it 
will be zero. 
(xxviii) Worst of Call Option 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio, and the higher of: (i) the Minimum Performance and (ii) 
zero. 
The "Minimum Performance" means the lowest Reference Asset Performance of all 
Reference Assets within the Basket 
The "Reference Asset Performance" means the result of dividing: 
(A) 
the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset on the applicable Valuation 
Date, as specified in the Final Terms, by

--- Page 156 ---
- 154 - 
(B) 
the average of the Closing Prices of the relevant Reference Asset on each Initial 
Valuation Date. 
and subtracting the Strike Level. 
(xxix) 
Outperformance Option 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Participation Ratio, and the lower of: 
(A) 
the Maximum Performance (if applicable), and 
(B) 
the higher of the Minimum Performance (if applicable) and the Performance 
Differential. 
The "Maximum Performance" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Minimum Performance" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Performance Differential" will be calculated by subtracting the B Performance 
from the A Performance, provided however that, if "Outperformance Option" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the A Performance is negative, the 
Performance Differential shall be zero. 
The "A Performance" will be calculated in the same manner as "Basket Return" for the 
"Basket Long" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the 
"Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
The "B Performance" will be calculated in the same manner as "Basket Return" for the 
"Basket Long" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure), or the 
"Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Reference Assets used for the purposes of calculating the A Performance and the B 
Performance will be grouped into two separate Baskets ("Basket A" and "Basket B" 
respectively, and each a "Basket"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(xxx) 
Non-Tranched CLN Structure 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by the sum of: 
(A) 
1 minus the Portfolio Exposure; and 
(B) 
the product of the Target Redemption Amount and the Portfolio Return. 
The "Portfolio Return" means the difference between 1 and the Portfolio Loss. 
The "Portfolio Loss" means the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss for each Reference Entity 
within the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss" shall be either: 
(C) 
If "Credit Event Ranked Basket Participation" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, calculated by multiplying the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss for each Reference Entity as follows: 
(1) 
for the Reference Entities which have been subject to a Credit Event, the 
relevant Credit Event Ranked Weight is used as the Basket Participation; 
or 
(2) 
for the remaining Reference Entities which have not been subject to a 
Credit Event (in alphabetical order), the relevant Reference Entities shall

--- Page 157 ---
- 155 - 
be listed in alphabetical order and the remaining Credit Event Ranked 
Weights will be assigned in numerical order for the purposes of 
determining the Basket Participation (Interest), following the principle 
that the first Reference Entity in alphabetical order shall be assigned the 
first available Credit Event Ranked Weight in numerical order and so 
forth. 
(D) 
If "Credit Event Ranked Basket Participation" is specified as not being 
applicable, the product of the Basket Participation and the Reference Entity Loss 
for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss" will be determined by subtracting the Recovery Value in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a 
Fixed Recovery Value or a Market Recovery Value, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(xxxi) 
Tranched CLN Structure 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by the sum of: 
(A) 
1 minus the Aggregate Portfolio Exposure; and 
(B) 
the sum of the Credit-Linked Exposure in respect of each Basket. 
The "Credit-Linked Exposure" means the product of the applicable Target Redemption 
Amount and the Portfolio Return for each Basket. 
The "Portfolio Return" means the result obtained by subtracting the Adjusted Tranche 
Loss from 1. 
The "Adjusted Tranche Loss" means the result obtained by dividing the lower of a) the 
Tranche Attachment Range and b) the Tranche Loss, by the Tranche Attachment Range. 
The "Tranche Loss" means the higher of: 
(A) 
zero; and 
(B) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Tranche Attachment Point from the sum of 
the Weighted Asset Loss for each Reference Entity within the relevant Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a 
Fixed Recovery Value or a Market Recovery Value, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
- 156 - 
(xxxii) Nth to Default CLN Structure 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by the sum of: 
(A) 
1 minus the Portfolio Exposure; and 
(B) 
the product of the Portfolio Exposure, the Target Redemption Amount and the 
Portfolio Return. 
The "Portfolio Return" means the difference between 1 and the Portfolio Loss. 
The "Portfolio Loss" means: 
(A) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start 
Date and ending on the Observation End Date, is greater than or equal to N, the 
Reference Entity Loss for the Nth Reference Entity within the Basket in respect 
of which a Credit Event occurs; or 
(B) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start 
Date and ending on the Observation End Date, is less than N, zero. 
"N" shall be the figure specified in the Final Terms under the heading "Performance 
Structure-related items". 
The "Reference Entity Loss" will be the difference between 1 and the Recovery Value in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a 
Fixed Recovery Value or a Market Recovery Value, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(xxxiii) Nth and Nth+1 to Default CLN Structure 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by the sum of: 
(A) 
1 minus the Portfolio Exposure; and 
(B) 
the product of the Portfolio Exposure, the Target Redemption Amount and the 
Portfolio Return. 
The "Portfolio Return" means the result obtained by subtracting the Portfolio Loss from 
1. 
The "Portfolio Loss" means: 
(A) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start 
Date and ending on the Observation End Date, is greater than N the sum of the 
Weighted Asset Loss for the Nth Reference Entity to default and the Nth plus 1 
(i.e. the immediately succeeding) Reference Entity to default within the Basket; 
or 
(B) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start 
Date and ending on the Observation End Date is equal N, an amount equal to the 
Weighted Asset Loss of the Nth Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event occurs;

--- Page 159 ---
- 157 - 
(C) 
if the number of Credit Events that have occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity within the Basket during the period commencing on the Observation Start 
Date and ending on the Observation End Date, is less than N, zero. 
"N" shall be the figure specified in the Final Terms under the heading "Performance 
Structure-related items". 
The "Weighted Asset Loss" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be either a 
Fixed Recovery Value or a Market Recovery Value, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(xxxiv) Option CLN structure 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Principal Amount of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the product of: (x) the Principal Amount of the Notes, and (y) the sum of K, 
Option Amount 1, Option Amount 2, Option Amount 3 and Option Amount 4. 
The value of "K" will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Option Amount 1" will be calculated as the product of Factor1 and the higher of: 
(A) 
0; and 
(B) 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator1; 
(b) 
the CDS Mark to Market 1; and 
(c) 
1 minus the Portfolio Loss 1; and 
(2) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator 1; and 
(b) 
Portfolio Loss 2. 
The "CDS Mark to Market 1" will be calculated as the sum of: 
(A) 
the product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference1A; and 
(2) 
Annuity1A; and 
(B) 
the product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference1B; and 
(2) 
Annuity1B.

--- Page 160 ---
- 158 - 
The "Factor1" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator1" will be either -1 or 1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread Difference1A" means the relevant CDS Spread on the Observation Date less 
the CDS Convention Spread. 
The "Spread Difference1B" means the relevant CDS Convention Spread less the Strike 
1. 
"Strike 1" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Annuity1A" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the 
relevant CDS spread on the Observation Date and the same payment dates and conventions 
as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS and determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Annuity1B" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the Strike 
1 and the same payment dates and conventions as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS 
and determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The relevant "CDS" means a credit default swap referencing the Reference Entity or index 
of Reference Entities specified in the relevant Final Terms, with the maturity and CDS 
Convention Spread specified in the relevant Final Terms and otherwise containing terms 
and conditions that observe standard market conventions, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion. 
The "CDS Spread" means the spread or premium payable in order to purchase the relevant 
CDS (if the Indictor is negative) or sell the relevant CDS (if the Indicator is positive), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
The "CDS Convention Spread" means the fixed coupon received by the Seller of the 
relevant CDS or paid by the purchaser of the relevant CDS (as the case may be), and 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Portfolio Loss 1" means the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss 1 for each Reference 
Entity within the relevant CDS. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss 1" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss 1 for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss 1" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value 1 in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value 1" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be a Fixed 
Recovery Value of 0 per cent. 
The "Portfolio Loss 2" means the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss 2 for each Reference 
Entity within the CDS. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss 2" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss 2 for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss 2" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value 2 in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value 2" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event (as defined in Part 3: 
Additional Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes) has not occurred in relation to that 
Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and ending 
on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be a Market 
Recovery Value.

--- Page 161 ---
- 159 - 
The "Option Amount2" will be calculated as the product of Factor2 and the higher of: 
(A) 
0; and 
(B) 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator2; 
(b) 
The CDS Mark to Market 2; and 
(c) 
1 minus the Portfolio Loss 1; and 
(2) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator 2; and 
(b) 
Portfolio Loss 2; 
The "CDS Mark to Market 2" will be calculated as the sum of: 
(A) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference2A; and 
(2) 
Annuity2A; and 
(B) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference2B; and 
(2) 
Annuity2B. 
The "Factor2" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator2" will be either -1, 0 or 1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread Difference2A" means the relevant CDS Spread on the Observation Date less 
the CDS Convention Spread. 
The "Spread Difference2B" means the relevant CDS Convention Spread less the Strike 
2. 
"Strike 2" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Annuity2A" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the 
relevant CDS spread on the Observation Date and the same payment dates and conventions 
as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS and determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Annuity2B" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the Strike 
2 and the same payment dates and conventions as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS 
and determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Option Amount 3" will be calculated as the product of Factor3 and the higher of: 
(A) 
0; and 
(B) 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator3;

--- Page 162 ---
- 160 - 
(b) 
The CDS Mark to Market 3; and 
(c) 
1 minus the Portfolio Loss 1; and 
(2) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator 3; and 
(b) 
Portfolio Loss 2; 
The "CDS Mark to Market 3" will be calculated as the sum of: 
(A) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference3A; and 
(2) 
Annuity3A; and 
(B) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference3B; and 
(2) 
Annuity3B. 
The "Factor3" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator3" will be either -1,0 or 1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread Difference3A" means the relevant CDS Spread on the Observation Date less 
the relevant CDS Convention Spread. 
The "Spread Difference3B" means the relevant CDS Convention Spread less the Strike 
3. 
"Strike 3" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Annuity3A" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the 
relevant CDS spread on the Observation Date and the same payment dates and conventions 
as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS and determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Annuity3B" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the Strike 
3 and the same payment dates and conventions as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS 
and determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Option Amount 4" will be calculated as the product of Factor4 and the higher of: 
(A) 
0; and 
(B) 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator4; 
(b) 
The CDS Mark to Market4; and 
(c) 
1 minus the Portfolio Loss 1; and 
(2) 
the product of: 
(a) 
Indicator 4; and 
(b) 
Portfolio Loss 2;

--- Page 163 ---
- 161 - 
The "CDS Mark to Market 4" will be calculated as the sum of: 
(A) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference4A; and 
(2) 
Annuity4A; and 
(B) 
The product of: 
(1) 
Spread Difference4B; and 
(2) 
Annuity4B. 
The "Factor4" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator4" will be either -1 or 1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Spread Difference4A" means the relevant CDS Spread on the Observation Date less 
the relevant CDS Convention Spread. 
The "Spread Difference4B" means the relevant CDS Convention Spread less the Strike 
4. 
"Strike 4" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Annuity4A" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the 
relevant CDS spread on the Observation Date and the same payment dates and conventions 
as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS and determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "Annuity4B" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the Strike 
4 and the same payment dates and conventions as the fixed amount in the relevant CDS 
and determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
(xxxv) Mark to Market CDS 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Principal Amount of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the product of: 
(x) 
the Principal Amount of the Notes, and 
(y) 
the sum of, in respect of each CDS, the product of the relevant Mark to 
Market value and the applicable CDS Factor specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Mark to Market" of the relevant CDS will be calculated as the sum of: 
(A) 
the product of: 
(1) 
The Indicator 1 
(2) 
The CDS Spread Difference; 
(3) 
The Annuity; and 
(4) 
1 minus the Portfolio Loss 1; and 
(B) 
the product of: 
(1) 
The Indicator 2 
(2) 
The Accrued Interest; and

--- Page 164 ---
- 162 - 
(C) 
The product of: 
(1) 
The Indicator 3 
(2) 
The PortfolioLoss2. 
The "Indicator 1" will be either -1 or 1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator 2" will be either 1, 0 or -1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Indicator 3" will be either 1, 0 or -1 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Accrued Interest" will be the accrued interest from the last coupon payment date of 
the relevant CDS, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion on the 
Observation Date. 
The "Annuity" means the present value of an annuity payment of 1, based on the same 
payment dates and conventions as the fixed amount in the CDS and determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date in its sole discretion. 
The "CDS" means a credit default swap referencing the Reference Entity or index of 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Final Terms, with the maturity and CDS 
Convention Spread specified in the relevant Final Terms and otherwise containing terms 
and conditions that observe standard market conventions, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion. 
The "CDS Spread Difference" means the CDS Spread on the Observation Date less the 
CDS Convention Spread on the Observation Date. 
The "CDS Spread" means the spread or premium payable in order to purchase the relevant 
CDS (if the Indicator is negative) or sell the relevant CDS (if the Indicator is positive), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion on the Observation Date. 
The "CDS Convention Spread" means the fixed coupon received by the seller of the 
relevant CDS or paid by the purchaser of the relevant CDS (as applicable) and specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Portfolio Loss 1" means the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss 1 for each Reference 
Entity within the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss 1" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss 1 for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss 1" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value 1 in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value 1" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event has not occurred in relation 
to that Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and 
ending on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be a 
Fixed Recovery Value of 0 per cent. 
The "Portfolio Loss 2" means the sum of the Weighted Asset Loss 2 for each Reference 
Entity within the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Loss 2" means the product of the Basket Participation and the 
Reference Entity Loss 2 for the relevant Reference Entity. 
The "Reference Entity Loss 2" will be the result obtained by subtracting the Recovery 
Value 2 in respect of the relevant Reference Entity from 1. 
The "Recovery Value 2" will be 100 per cent. if a Credit Event has not occurred in relation 
to that Reference Entity during the period commencing on the Observation Start Date and 
ending on the Observation End Date, or if such a Credit Event has occurred, it will be

--- Page 165 ---
- 163 - 
either a Fixed Recovery Value or a Market Recovery Value, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(xxxvi) Digital Long 
If the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Basket 
Strike Level, the Additional Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes 
multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Basket Return is not greater than or equal to the Basket Strike Level on the final 
Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
The Basket Return will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Long" structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(xxxvii) Digital Short 
If the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Basket Strike 
Level, the Additional Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes 
multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date is not less than or equal to the Basket 
Strike Level, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
The Basket Return will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Long" Structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(xxxviii) Best of/Worst of Digital Long 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on the final 
Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the relevant Barrier Level, the Additional 
Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on the final 
Valuation Date is not greater than or equal to the relevant Barrier Level, the Additional 
Amount will be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset will be the Reference Asset with the Nth 
highest Reference Asset Return (as defined in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) 
or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms), where 
"N" shall be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(xxxix) Best of/Worst of Digital Short 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on the final 
Valuation Date is less than or equal to the relevant Barrier Level, the Additional Amount 
will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Coupon. 
If the Reference Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset on the final 
Valuation Date is less than or equal to the relevant Barrier Level the Additional Amount 
will be zero. 
The "Nth best performing" Reference Asset will be the Reference Asset with the Nth 
highest Reference Asset Return (as defined in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" Structure) 
or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms), where 
"N" shall be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 166 ---
- 164 - 
(xl) 
"Series of Digitals" 
The Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied 
by the fraction of which the numerator is the number of Reference Assets with a Closing 
Price which is at or above the relevant Barrier Level on each Valuation Date and the 
denominator is the number of Reference Assets within the Basket. 
(xli) 
Delta 1 Structures 
The Redemption Amount will payable on the Scheduled Redemption Date and will be an 
amount equal to the Hedge Proceeds in relation to the relevant Reference Asset(s), less 
the Fee Amount and less any applicable Taxes. 
The "Fee Amount" means a structuring fee payable to the Issuer in an amount calculated 
as a percentage per annum. of the aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes specified in 
the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the relevant Day Count Fraction. 
"Taxes" means all taxes, fees or other deductions relating to a Hedging Party's purchase, 
ownership, redemption or transfer of the Reference Assets, any dividends pertaining to the 
Reference Assets, or any currency conversion in respect of the exchange of the Note 
proceeds for the currency of the relevant Reference Asset(s). 
If it is not possible for the Hedging Party to redeem Reference Assets or otherwise unwind 
its Hedge Transaction(s) before the Scheduled Redemption Date or Early Redemption 
Date (as applicable) for any reason, or if the Hedging Party determines that it will not 
receive the full amount of any Hedge Proceeds on or before the Scheduled Redemption 
Date or the Early Redemption Date (as applicable) (each such event a "Deferred 
Redemption"), then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders of such event (a 
"Deferred Redemption Notice"). 
Following a Deferred Redemption Notice the Issuer may make a partial redemption of the 
Notes at any time on or prior to the Back Stop Date, by giving no fewer than three Business 
Days' notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) in the event that the 
Hedging Party receives (or is deemed to have received) all or part of the Hedge Proceeds 
(each such date, a "Deferred Redemption Date"). 
The sum of all partial redemption payments shall never exceed the aggregate Hedge 
Proceeds which the Hedging Party has received (or is deemed to have received) on or prior 
to the Back Stop Date less (i) the aggregate Fee Amount and less (ii) the aggregate amount 
of all Taxes. 
If the Issuer has determined that a Deferred Redemption has occurred and is continuing 
and that it can be reasonably expected that any amount of the Hedge Proceeds will not be 
received by the Hedging Party on or prior to the Back Stop Date, then the Issuer (i) may 
extend the Back Stop Date in order for it to be in alignment with expected future receipts 
of Hedge Proceeds as determined by the Issuer, or (ii) by notice to the Holders and to the 
relevant Clearing System(s) cancel the Notes with immediate effect, whereupon the Issuer 
shall not be obliged to make, and no Holder shall be entitled to receive, any redemption 
payment or other amount in respect of the Notes. 
Any Hedge Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Hedging Party after the Back Stop Date 
shall not be payable to Holders and the Holders shall have no claim to receive any such 
remaining part of the Redemption Amount after the Back Stop Date. 
(xlii) 
Inflation Linker 
The Redemption Amount will be the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the 
higher of: 
(A) 
The Minimum Redemption Percentage; and 
(B) 
the result (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing the value of the 
Inflation Rate at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date (as displayed on

--- Page 167 ---
- 165 - 
the price source specified in the relevant Final Terms) by the value of the Inflation 
Rate at the Valuation Time on the Initial Valuation Date (as displayed on the price 
source specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(xliii) 
"Barrier outperformance" structure 2 
If the Basket Return (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms, 
on any Valuation Date exceeds the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be 
calculated as the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Participation Ratio and 
multiplied by the higher of the Coupon and the Basket Return. If the Basket Return does 
not exceed the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be zero. 
(xliv) 
"Barrier Underperformance" structure 2 
If the Basket Return (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" 
structure) or Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure)), as specified in the Final Terms, 
on any Valuation Date falls below the Barrier Level, the Additional Amount will be 
calculated as the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the Participation Ratio and 
multiplied by the higher of the Coupon and the Basket Return. If the Basket Return does 
not fall below the Barrier Level on any Valuation Date, the Additional Amount will be 
zero. 
(xlv) 
"Target Volatility" structure 
The Additional Amount will be the product of the Principal Amount of the Notes, the 
Participation Ratio and the Synthetic Index Return. 
The "Synthetic Index Return" means the higher of a) the Minimum Synthetic Index 
Return, and b) the result obtained by dividing the Synthetic Index Value on the final 
Valuation Date (or, if Valuation Date Averaging is applicable, the average of the Synthetic 
Index Value on the relevant Averaging Dates) by the Synthetic Index Value on the Initial 
Valuation Date, and subtracting the Synthetic Index Strike Level. 
The "Minimum Synthetic Index Return" shall mean the value specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The "Synthetic Index Value" will be recalculated at the end of each Valuation Period (the 
"relevant Valuation Period") as the product of: 
(i) 
the Synthetic Index Value on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (or in the 
case of the Initial Valuation Date, the Initial Synthetic Index Value); and 
(ii) 
the sum of: (x) 1, and (y) the product of: 
(A) 
the relevant Exposure on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
the relevant Excess Return for the applicable Valuation Period. 
The "Exposure" will be recalculated on each Rebalancing Date, or as soon as practicable 
thereafter (as determined by the Issuer, in its sole discretion after taking into account the 
time required by the Hedging Party in order to establish the relevant Hedge Transactions), 
and will be the higher of: 
(a) 
the Minimum Exposure; and 
(b) 
the lower of: 
(i) 
the Maximum Exposure; and 
(ii) 
the Adjusted Exposure, 
provided however that if the recalculation of the Exposure in the manner described above 
would result in an adjustment of less than the Minimum Adjustment Threshold, the Issuer

--- Page 168 ---
- 166 - 
will not be required to adjust the Exposure on such Rebalancing Date, and the Exposure 
with effect from such Rebalancing Date will be deemed to be the same as the Exposure 
on the immediately preceding Rebalancing Date. 
"Adjusted Exposure" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date, the level of exposure to 
the relevant Basket that can, in the sole discretion of the Issuer, be achieved by the Hedging 
Party (after deducting any applicable Hedging Costs) in establishing one or more Hedge 
Transactions that are intended to generate the Target Exposure on the relevant 
Rebalancing Date. 
"Target Exposure" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date, the lower of: 
(a) 
the result of dividing the Target Volatility by the Historic Volatility; and 
(b) 
if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the result of dividing the 
Target Volatility by the Second Historic Volatility. 
"Hedging Costs" means an amount equal to any tax, duty, expenses, fee or other costs 
which the Issuer determines in its sole discretion would be incurred by a Hedging Party as 
a result of establishing any Hedge Transaction(s) entered into by such Hedging Party in 
order to hedge any obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
"Minimum Adjustment Threshold" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Minimum Exposure" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date, the minimum percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Exposure" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date, the maximum 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Target Volatility" means, in respect of Rebalancing Date, the target volatility, expressed 
as a percentage, specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Historic Volatility" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date (the "Relevant 
Rebalancing Date"), a number determined as: 
(a) 
the square root of the Annualising Factor multiplied by, 
(b) 
the square root of: 
(i) 
1/(N-1) multiplied by: 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
the sum of the Log Squared Basket Return as calculated on each 
Rebalancing Date during the Lookback Rebalancing Period, 
less, 
(y) 
the sum of the Log Basket Return as calculated on each 
Rebalancing Date during the Lookback Rebalancing Period, 
raised to the power of 2 and then multiplied by 1/N. 
The "Annualising Factor" shall mean the value specified in the Final Terms; 
"Second Historic Volatility" means, in respect of a Rebalancing Date (the "Relevant 
Rebalancing Date"), a number determined as: 
(a) 
the square root of the Second Annualising Factor multiplied by: 
(b) 
the square root of: 
(i) 
1/(K-1) multiplied by:

--- Page 169 ---
- 167 - 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
the sum of the Log Squared Basket Return as calculated on each 
Rebalancing Date during the Second Lookback Rebalancing 
Period, less 
(y) 
the sum of the Log Basket Return as calculated on each 
Rebalancing Date during the Second Lookback Rebalancing 
Period, raised to the power of 2 and then multiplied by 1/K. 
The "Second Annualising Factor" shall mean the value specified in the Final Terms; 
The "Log Squared Basket Return" means the natural logarithm of the Rebalancing 
Basket Return on the relevant Rebalancing Date, raised to the power of 2; 
The "Log Basket Return" means the natural logarithm of the Rebalancing Basket Return 
on the relevant Rebalancing Date; 
The "Lookback Rebalancing Period" means each of the N Rebalancing Dates up to and 
including the relevant Rebalancing Date, where "N" is the value specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
The "Second Lookback Rebalancing Period" means each of the K Rebalancing Dates 
up to and including the relevant Rebalancing Date, where "K" is the value specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
The "Rebalancing Basket Return" means the sum of: 
(a) 
1; and 
(b) 
the sum of the Weighted Rebalancing Performance in respect of each Reference 
Asset on the relevant Rebalancing Date; 
The "Weighted Rebalancing Performance" in respect of the relevant Reference Asset is 
equal to: 
(a) 
the Rebalancing Performance (as defined in Condition 1 (Definitions)) less 1, 
multiplied by, 
(b) 
the applicable Basket Participation; 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated on the basis of either the "Basket Long" Structure 
in accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" 
Structure in accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in 
the Final Terms; 
The "Excess Return" for any period will be equal to the Basket Return less the Cash 
Return for such period; 
The "Cash Return" for any Valuation Period means the Cash Rate on the Valuation Date 
at the start of the relevant Valuation Period (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), multiplied by the Cash Return Day Count Fraction; 
The "Cash Rate" means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms; and 
The "Cash Return Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(xlvi) 
Booster Risk Barrier 2 
If the Basket Return, calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure), is at or above the Barrier Level, the 
Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes 
by the Participation Ratio and by the Basket Return.

--- Page 170 ---
- 168 - 
If the Basket Return calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure), is below the Barrier Level, the 
Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes 
by the Participation Ratio 2 and the Basket Return calculated in the same manner as for 
the "Basket Short" structure set out in Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
(xlvii) 
Autocallable Rate Structure 
If the Autocall Condition is satisfied on any Valuation Date prior to the final Valuation 
Date, the Notes will be subject to early redemption in accordance with Condition 6(w) 
(Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable Rate structure). If the Autocall Condition 
is not satisfied on any Valuation Date prior to the final Valuation Date, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date at an amount equal to their Principal Amount. 
(xlviii) In Option – Basket Long 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Factor and the sum of: 
(A) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Participation Ratio by the Knock-In Factor 
and the higher of (1) the Basket Return; and (2) zero; and 
(B) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Knock-In Differential by the Coupon. 
If the "In Option Type" is specified as "Bought Up and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1. 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Sold Up and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Bought Down and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1.

--- Page 171 ---
- 169 - 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Sold Down and In" in the relevant Final Terms the 
following will apply: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
The "Coupon" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Knock-In Differential" means 1 minus the Knock-In Factor. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Long" structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" Structure). 
(xlix) 
In Option – Basket Short 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Factor and the sum of: 
(A) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Participation Ratio by the Knock-In Factor 
and the higher of (1) the Basket Return; and (2) zero; and 
(B) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Knock-In Differential by the Coupon. 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Bought Down and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1. 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Sold Down and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Bought Up and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1.

--- Page 172 ---
- 170 - 
If "In Option Type" is specified as "Sold Up and In" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-In Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
The "Coupon" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Knock-In Differential" means 1 minus the Knock-In Factor. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Short" structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
(l) 
Out Option – Basket Long 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Factor and the sum of: 
(A) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Participation Ratio by the Knock-Out 
Differential and the higher of (1) the Basket Return; and (2) zero. 
(B) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Knock-Out Factor by the Rebate. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Bought Up and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Sold Up and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Bought Down and Out" in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1.

--- Page 173 ---
- 171 - 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Sold Down and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
The "Rebate" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Knock-Out Differential" means 1 minus the Knock-Out Factor. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Long" structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure). 
(li) 
Out Option – Basket Short 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Factor and the sum of: 
(A) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Participation Ratio by the Knock-Out 
Differential and the higher of (1) the Basket Return; and (2) zero. 
(B) 
The result obtained by multiplying the Knock-Out Factor by the Rebate. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Bought Down and Out" in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Sold Down and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Bought Up and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on any 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level 
on all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to 1.

--- Page 174 ---
- 172 - 
If "Out Option Type" is specified as "Sold Up and Out" in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
The "Knock-Out Factor" will be: 
(A) 
A value equal to 1 if the Basket Return is at or below the Barrier Level 
on any Valuation Date; 
(B) 
A value equal to zero if the Basket Return is above the Barrier Level on 
all Valuation Dates. 
(ii) 
The "Factor" will be a value equal to -1. 
The "Rebate" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Knock-Out Differential" means 1 minus the Knock-Out Factor. 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated on the basis of the "Basket Short" structure in 
accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure). 
(lii) 
Steepner Booster 
The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the 
Notes by the Performance Percentage, where: 
The "Performance Percentage" will be: 
(A) 
if the Performance Differential is equal to or above Barrier Level 1, the product 
of:  
(1) 
the result of subtracting Barrier Level 1 from the lower of the Maximum 
Differential and the Performance Differential; and  
(2) 
the Participation Ratio; or 
(B) 
if the Performance Differential is below Barrier Level 2, the product of:  
(1) 
Participation Ratio 2; and 
(2) 
the result of subtracting the higher of the Minimum Differential and the 
Performance Differential from Barrier Level 2. 
The "Performance Differential" will be determined by subtracting the Final Price for 
Reference Asset 2 from the Final Price for Reference Asset 1.   
In all circumstances other than those described in (A) and (B) above the Performance 
Percentage and the Additional Amount will be zero.   
(liii) 
Target Redemption Steepner 
The Redemption Amount will be the sum of the Target Redemption Amount and the 
Additional Amount. The Additional Amount will be calculated by multiplying the 
Principal Amount of the Notes by the Performance Percentage, where: 
The "Performance Percentage" will be: 
(A) 
if the Performance Differential is below Barrier Level 2, the product of:  
(1) 
Participation Ratio 2; and 
(2) 
the result of subtracting the higher of the Minimum Differential and the 
Performance Differential from Barrier Level 2. 
(B) 
In all circumstances other than those described in (A) above the Performance 
Percentage and the Additional Amount will be zero.

--- Page 175 ---
- 173 - 
The "Performance Differential" will be determined by subtracting the Final Price for 
Reference Asset 2 from the Final Price for Reference Asset 1.   
(liv) 
Plateau Booster Structure 
If the Basket Return is below the Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date, the Additional 
Amount will be calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the 
Participation Ratio and the Basket Return on the final Valuation Date (which may result 
in a Redemption Amount of less than the Principal Amount of the Notes). 
If the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date and the 
Call Performance is below the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation Date, the 
Additional Amount will be zero.  
If the Basket Return is at or above the Barrier Level on the final Valuation Date and the 
Call Performance is greater than or equal to the Initial Basket Level on the final Valuation 
Date, the Additional Amount will be equal to: 
(A) 
if the Call Performance is less than the OTM Strike, the Principal Amount of the 
Notes multiplied by: 
(1) 
the lower of the Call Performance and the Cap; and 
(2) 
 the Gearing;  
(B) 
if the Call Performance is greater than or equal to the OTM Strike the amount 
calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount of the Notes by the Participation 
Ratio and the Call Performance. 
(b) 
FX Components 
(i) 
FX Component – Reference Asset 
If "FX Component – Reference Asset" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Reference Asset Return of one or more Reference Assets specified in the 
Final Terms (as determined in accordance with whichever of the provisions of Condition 
6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) is specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Asset(s) 
in such Final Terms), will be further multiplied by the applicable FX Factor for the 
purposes of determining the relevant Additional Amount payable to the Holders. 
(ii) 
FX Component – Additional Amount 
If "FX Component – Additional Amount" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then one or more Additional Amounts specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
determined in accordance with whichever of the provisions of Condition 6(a) (Redemption 
at Maturity) is specified as applicable to the relevant Additional Amount in such Final 
Terms), will be further multiplied by the applicable FX Factor for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Additional Amount payable to the Holders. The FX Component 
– Additional Amount may only apply if the Additional Amount is positive, or may only 
apply if the Additional Amount is negative, in either case as specified in the Final Terms. 
(iii) 
FX Component – Base Redemption Amount 
If "FX Component – Base Redemption Amount" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Base Redemption Amount will be multiplied by the 
applicable FX Factor for the purposes of determining the actual Redemption Amount 
payable in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity). 
(iv) 
FX Component – Composite 
If "FX Component – Composite" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Reference Asset Return of one or more Reference Assets specified in the Final 
Terms (as determined in accordance with whichever of the provisions of Condition 6(a)

--- Page 176 ---
- 174 - 
(Redemption at Maturity) is specified as applicable to the relevant Reference Asset in such 
Final Terms), will be calculated as: 
(a) 
If the method of calculating the Basket Return specified in the Final Terms is the 
"Basket Long" structure, the "Reference Asset Return" will be the result 
obtained by dividing the Final Price for each relevant Reference Asset by the 
Initial Price for the relevant Reference Asset and multiplying the result by the FX 
Factor and then subtracting the Strike Level. 
(b) 
If the method of calculating the Basket Return specified in the Final Terms is the 
"Basket Short" structure, the "Reference Asset Return" will be the result 
obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the product of (i) the result obtained 
by dividing the Final Price for each relevant Reference Asset by the Initial Price 
for the relevant Reference Asset; and (ii) the FX Factor. 
(v) 
FX Component – Redemption Amount 
If "FX Component – Redemption Amount" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Redemption Amount will be multiplied by the applicable FX Factor 
for the purposes of determining the actual Redemption Amount payable in accordance 
with Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity). 
(c) 
Best of/Worst of Modifier 
If this Condition 6(c) (Best of/Worst of Modifier) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then references to the Basket Return shall be replaced by references to the "Reference 
Asset Return of the Nth best performing Reference Asset" for the purposes of calculating the 
Additional Amount in accordance with one or more of the applicable performance structure(s) set 
out in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), or whether or not Notes that are subject to the 
Autocallable Condition ("Autocallable Notes") shall be subject to early redemption in accordance 
with Condition 6(p) (Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable performance structure) or 
6(w)(Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable Rate structure). The Final Terms will specify 
which performance structure(s) and Conditions will be modified in accordance with this Condition 
6(c) (Best of/Worst of Modifier). 
The "Nth best performing Reference Asset" shall be the Reference Asset with the Nth highest 
Reference Asset Return, where "N" shall be the value specified in the Final Terms under the 
heading "Strategy –related items ". 
(d) 
Lookback Initial Price Modifier 
If this Condition 6(d) (Lookback Initial Price Modifier) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then references to the "Initial Price" of each Reference Asset shall be replaced by 
references to the "Lookback Initial Price" for the purposes of calculating the Additional Amount 
in accordance with the applicable performance structure(s) in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at 
Maturity) which are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Minimum Asset Price", in the relevant 
Final Terms, the "Lookback Initial Price" shall be the lowest Closing Price of the 
relevant Reference Asset during the Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
(ii) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Maximum Asset Price", the "Lookback 
Initial Price" shall be the highest Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset during 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
(iii) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Minimum Basket Price", in the relevant 
Final Terms, the "Lookback Initial Price" shall be the Closing Price of the relevant 
Reference Asset on the date during the Initial Lookback Observation Period when the sum 
of the Closing Prices for all Reference Assets in the Basket was lowest. 
(iv) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Maximum Basket Price", the 
"Lookback Initial Price" shall be the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset on

--- Page 177 ---
- 175 - 
the date during the Initial Lookback Observation Period when the sum of the Closing 
Prices for all Reference Assets in the Basket was highest. 
(e) 
Lookback Final Price Modifier 
If this Condition 6(e) (Lookback Final Price Modifier) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then references to the "Final Price" of each Reference Asset shall be replaced by 
references to the "Lookback Final Price" for the purposes of calculating the Additional Amount 
in accordance with the applicable performance structure(s) in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at 
Maturity) which are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Minimum Asset Price", in the relevant 
Final Terms, the "Lookback Final Price" shall be the lowest Closing Price of the relevant 
Reference Asset during the Final Lookback Observation Period. 
(ii) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Maximum Asset Price", the "Lookback 
Observation Price" shall be the highest Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset 
during the Final Lookback Observation Period. 
(iii) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Minimum Basket Price", in the relevant 
Final Terms, the "Lookback Final Price" shall be the Closing Price of the relevant 
Reference Asset on the date during the Final Lookback Observation Period when the sum 
of the Closing Prices for all Reference Assets in the Basket was lowest. 
(iv) 
If the "Lookback Factor" is specified as being "Maximum Basket Price", the 
"Lookback Observation Price" shall be the Closing Price of the relevant Reference Asset 
on the date during the Final Lookback Observation Period when the sum of the Closing 
Prices for all Reference Assets in the Basket was highest. 
(f) 
"Lock-in" Modifier 
If this Condition 6(f) ("Lock-in" Modifier) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then references to the Basket Return shall be replaced by the Lock-in Basket Return for the 
purposes of calculating the Additional Amount in accordance with the applicable performance 
structure(s) in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) which are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The "Lock-in Basket Return" will be the highest of the Locked-in Return and the Basket Return 
on the final Valuation Date. The "Locked-in Return" will be the pre-determined percentage which 
corresponds to the highest Lock-in Level which is reached or exceeded by the Basket Return on 
any Valuation Date, as specified in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Combination of Structures 
If "Combination of Structures" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Additional 
Amount payable to the Holders on the Redemption Date or, if applicable, the Alternative 
Additional Amount Payment Date, may be a combination of two or more of the performance 
structures specified in Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) or combine the same performance 
structure but calculated by reference to different underlying Baskets, in either case, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
If "Addition" is specified in the Final Terms the Additional Amounts determined in 
accordance with each applicable sub-paragraph of Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) 
shall be multiplied by the relevant Performance Percentage and then aggregated for the 
purposes of calculating the total Additional Amount payable by the Issuer. If "Single 
Basket" is specified in the Final Terms, the same underlying Basket will be used to 
determine the Additional Amount in respect of each applicable performance structure. 
Otherwise, each performance structure will apply to a separate underlying Basket, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Performance Percentage" will be the percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
- 176 - 
(ii) 
If "Subtraction" is specified in the Final Terms the Additional Amounts determined in 
accordance with each applicable sub-paragraph of Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) 
shall be multiplied by the relevant Performance Percentage and then the Additional 
Amount relating to Basket B, shall be subtracted from the Additional Amount relating to 
Basket A for the purposes of calculating the total Additional Amount payable by the Issuer. 
The "Performance Percentage" will be the percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
If "Alternative Calculation" is specified in the Final Terms, the applicable performance 
structure used to determine the Additional Amount will differ depending on whether or 
not the Basket Return on a particular Valuation Date has exceeded certain pre-specified 
Barrier Levels, as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Maximum Redemption 
If this Condition 6(h) (Maximum Redemption) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount will be the lesser of: a) the Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) and b) the 
Maximum Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
If this Condition 6(i) (Minimum Redemption) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and Condition 6(h) (Maximum Redemption) is not applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be the 
greater of: a) the amount determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of Condition 
6(a) (Redemption at Maturity), and b) the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
If both this Condition 6(i) (Minimum Redemption) and Condition 6(h) (Maximum Redemption) are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be the greater 
of: a) the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Maximum 
Redemption), and b) the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
(j) 
Inflation - Protected Principal 
If this Condition 6(j) (Inflation – Protected Principal) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) will be multiplied by the ratio obtained by dividing the 
Final CPI by the Base CPI. 
(k) 
Instalment Redemption 
If specified in the Final Terms, certain Notes may be amortising. If so, the Redemption Amount 
will be paid in instalments equal to the Instalment Amount on one or several Instalment Dates, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(l) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, as a result of any change in the laws of the Relevant 
Jurisdiction or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such Notes or any earlier date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of such Notes the Issuer 
would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), the Issuer may, 
at its option having given not less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice, or such other period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem in whole (but not, unless and to the extent 
that the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in part) the Notes of the relevant Series at its 
principal amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.

--- Page 179 ---
- 177 - 
In the event withholding tax is introduced in the Relevant Jurisdiction and, pursuant to such 
withholding tax the Issuer is obliged to effect deductions as referred to in the preceding paragraph, 
the Issuer reserves the right to obtain the following information regarding each Holder: 
(i) 
the Holder's name, personal identification number or other identification number and 
postal address; and 
(ii) 
the number of Notes held by the Holder and their Principal Amount. 
The information referred to above need only be provided in relation to Notes issued under this 
Programme. 
(m) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem Notes early, in whole or in part, at 
the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any), on the date or dates specified 
in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders of any early redemption in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) not later than 10 days prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. Such notice of early 
redemption shall be irrevocable. 
(n) 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Holder shall be entitled to demand early redemption 
of Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, on the 
date or dates set out in the Final Terms and subject to any conditions specified in the Final Terms. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder, must not less than 45 days prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date give notice to the Issuer. Such notice of early redemption shall be irrevocable. 
(o) 
Early Redemption of non-interest bearing Notes 
Upon early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, the relevant Notes shall be repaid in an amount 
determined on the Record Date (or, in the case of Bearer Notes, the due date for payment) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Principal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
r = 
the Reference Yield stated in the Final Terms. 
t = 
the remaining term of the Notes, expressed as a number of days divided by 360 (whereby 
each month shall be deemed to consist of 30 days) or based on the actual number of 
days/actual number of days. 
(p) 
Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable performance structure 
If the Basket Return on any Observation Date (other than the final Observation Date) is at or above 
the relevant Call Barrier Level, then the Issuer will redeem the Notes early, in whole but not in 
part, on the later of: (i) the next following Early Redemption Date, or (ii) the date falling 40 days 
after the relevant Observation Date at their Early Redemption Amount which will be the Principal 
Amount of the relevant Notes together with any Coupon (if any) payable in accordance with 
Condition 5(g) (Coupon Bearing Notes). 
The "Basket Return" will be calculated in the same manner as for the "Basket Long" structure set 
out in Condition 6(a)(i) ("Basket Long" structure) or the "Basket Short" structure set out in 
Condition 6(a)(ii) ("Basket Short" structure), as specified in the Final Terms, unless Condition 6(c) 
(Best of/Worst of Modifier) is specified as applicable to this Condition 6(p) (Early Redemption of 
Notes with Autocallable performance structure) in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the 
Basket Return shall be replaced with the Reference Asset Return of the Nth Best Performing 
Reference Asset in accordance with that Condition.

--- Page 180 ---
- 178 - 
(q) 
Early Redemption of Credit-Linked Notes 
In the event that the Recovery Value in relation to one or more Reference Entities (each a 
"Defaulted Reference Entity") is determined prior to the scheduled Redemption Date for the 
Notes, the Issuer may elect to make an early repayment of all or part of the Notes (including any 
accrued but unpaid interest) on any Interest Payment Date by giving notice thereof to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). The applicable Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and shall be 
calculated on a pro-rata basis such that the Holder receives a share of the Redemption Amount that 
would (notwithstanding the early redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(q) 
(Early Redemption of Credit-Linked Notes)) otherwise be due and payable on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity) which is 
proportionate to the weighting of the relevant Defaulted Reference Entity or Defaulted Reference 
Entities in relation to the Basket as a whole. 
(r) 
Amortisation of Credit-Linked Notes by way of Pool Factor 
If a Credit Event occurs which the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) would have an impact on the Redemption Amount payable on the applicable 
Redemption Date in accordance with the applicable provisions of Condition 6(a) (Redemption at 
Maturity), the Issuer may make a pro-rata reduction in the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes in order to reflect the occurrence of such Credit Event (and the determination of any 
applicable Recovery Value), or may reflect the same by way of an appropriate pool factor in the 
records of the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer shall notify the relevant Clearing Systems and 
the Fiscal Agent of any pro-rata reduction in the outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes or (if 
applicable) the appropriate pool factor from time to time. If the Issuer elects to apply a pool factor, 
the Redemption Amount shall (for the purposes of payment on the relevant Redemption Date) be 
equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the applicable pool factor at the relevant 
Redemption Date. 
(s) 
Purchase of Notes 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price provided that, in the case of interest-bearing Definitive Notes, any 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith. 
(t) 
Procedure for Payment upon Redemption 
Any redemption of the VP Notes, VPS Notes, Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) shall be in accordance with, in the case of VP Notes, the 
VP Rules, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Rules, in the case of Swedish Notes, the Euroclear 
Sweden Rules and in the case of Finnish Notes, the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(u) 
Payment of Unwind Amount on Early Redemption 
If this Condition 6(u) (Payment of Unwind Amount on Early Redemption) is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount payable to the Holders shall be reduced by any 
applicable Unwind Amount, where: "Unwind Amount" means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in a commercially reasonable manner equal to the sum of 
(without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer in connection with such early redemption, and the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position, plus any amount payable by the relevant 
hedge counterparty or swap counterparty to the Issuer or minus any amount payable by the Issuer 
to the relevant hedge counterparty or swap counterparty equal to any amount payable as a result of 
the unwind of any swap transaction entered into in connection with the Notes, provided that such 
amount is greater than zero. 
(v) 
TOM Cumulative Strategy 
If the "TOM Cumulative Strategy" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount will be equal to the Principal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the TOM 
Participation Ratio and multiplied by the Final TOM Value.

--- Page 181 ---
- 179 - 
The "TOM Value" will be 100% on the Initial Valuation Date, and thereafter will be equal to the 
TOM Value on the preceding TOM Valuation Date multiplied by the applicable TOM Performance 
applicable to the relevant TOM Period or NTOM Period (as applicable). 
"Final TOM Value" means the TOM Value on the final TOM Valuation Date or, if "TOM Final 
Value Averaging" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the average of the TOM 
Values determined on each TOM Final Value Averaging Date specified in the Final Terms. 
The "TOM Performance" will be equal to the sum of 1 and the Basket Return for each TOM 
Period, and the sum of 1 and the Reference Rate Return for each NTOM Period. If "Final TOM 
Period Performance Averaging" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the TOM 
Performance used to determine the TOM Value on the TOM Valuation Date falling at the end of 
each of the final N number of TOM Periods during the term of the Notes, will be replaced with the 
Average Final TOM Period Performance. 
The "Average Final TOM Period Performance" will be determined by the Issuer, at the end of 
the final TOM Period, as the average of the TOM Performance for each of the final N number of 
TOM Periods during the term of the Notes. 
"N" will be the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Basket Return" will be equal to the Additional Amount for the relevant TOM Period, 
calculated in accordance with the performance structure(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and expressed as a percentage of the Principal Amount of the Notes, save that references to the 
"Initial Valuation Date" and any related Averaging Dates shall be construed as references to the 
relevant TOM Calculation Start Date and any related Averaging Dates (if applicable), and 
references to the "Valuation Date" and any related Averaging Dates shall be construed as 
references to the relevant TOM Calculation End Date and any related Averaging Dates (if 
applicable). 
The "Reference Rate Return" will be equal to the applicable Reference Rate multiplied by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction. 
(w) 
Early Redemption of Notes with Autocallable Rate structure 
If the Autocall Condition is satisfied on any Valuation Date (other than the final Valuation Date), 
then the Issuer will redeem the Notes early, in whole but not in part, on the later of: (i) the next 
following Early Redemption Date, and (ii) the date falling 40 days after the relevant Valuation 
Date, in each case at an amount equal to the Principal Amount of the relevant Notes, together with 
any Interest Amount (if any) payable in accordance with Condition 5(u) (Autocallable Rate). 
(x) 
Lock-in Basket Floor 
If "Lock-in Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if the Basket 
Return on any Valuation Date exceeds the relevant Barrier Level, then references to the Basket 
Return shall be replaced by the Lock-in Basket Floor for the purposes of calculating the Additional 
Amount in accordance with the applicable performance structure(s) in Condition 6(a) (Redemption 
at Maturity) which are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Lock-in Basket Floor" will be the higher of the Minimum Basket Return and the Basket 
Return on the final Valuation Date. 
(y) 
Alternative Additional Amount Payment Dates 
If an "Alternative Additional Amount Payment Date" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Additional Amount(s) will not be payable on the Redemption Date, but will be payable on the 
Alternative Additional Amount Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Base Redemption Amount will be payable on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with Condition 6(a) (Redemption at Maturity).

--- Page 182 ---
- 180 - 
(z) 
Substantial Repurchase Event 
If "Substantial Repurchase Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem Notes early, in whole but not in part, at their Fair Market Value together with 
accrued interest (if any), if the Issuer shall have purchased or cancelled at least 80 per cent. by 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued. 
The "Fair Market Value" means an amount determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, 
on the basis of a commonly accepted market valuation method and taking account such factors as 
it considers appropriate. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders of any early redemption in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) not later than 10 days prior to the relevant date fixed for early redemption (the "Early 
Redemption Date"). Such notice of early redemption shall be irrevocable. 
(aa) 
Restructuring of Credit-Linked Notes 
In the event that the Recovery Value in relation to one or more Reference Entities (each a 
"Defaulted Reference Entity") is determined prior to the scheduled Redemption Date for the 
Notes, and the Issuer reasonably concludes that, following such determination in relation to the 
relevant Defaulted Reference Entity(ies): 
(i) 
no further Interest Amounts will be payable in accordance with the Conditions, and 
(ii) 
the Redemption Amount of the Notes will not be adjusted as a result of any further Credit 
Events in respect of any Reference Entity, 
the Issuer may elect to amend the Conditions of the Notes and replace the Final Terms so that the 
Notes shall thereafter constitute Zero-Coupon Notes. The Zero-Coupon Notes shall have an 
equivalent Redemption Amount to the Redemption Amount which would have been payable in 
relation to the related Credit-Linked Notes following determination of the relevant Recovery 
Value(s) in relation to such Defaulted Reference Entity(ies). 
The Issuer shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) promptly 
following the replacement of the relevant Final Terms. 
(bb) 
Running PnL Strategy 
If the "Running PnL Strategy" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
intends (without assuming any obligation) to provide secondary market prices for the Notes on a 
regular basis under normal market conditions. If "Reserve Provision" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms then the secondary market prices for the Notes will, up to (and including) 
the Reserve Provision End Date, be increased by an amount corresponding to the then remaining 
running fee, being the Initial Reserve Amount less the amount already allocated by the Issuer 
during the lifetime of the Notes, as calculated and determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"Initial Reserve Amount" will be the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reserve Provision End Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes or duties 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts receivable by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of payment in 
respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Relevant Jurisdiction;

--- Page 183 ---
- 181 - 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of such Holder having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment 
on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(iv) 
by or on behalf of, a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment 
first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, it means the first date on which the full 
amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given 
to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 7 (Taxation) or any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefore. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 7 (Taxation) or in Condition 8 (Payments) to the 
contrary, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold and deduct for or on account of any taxes 
imposed pursuant to sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, on any amount 
payable in respect of the Notes and shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of any such taxes. 
8. 
Payments 
(1) 
Payments — Bearer Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 8(1) (Payments – Bearer Notes) is applicable in relation to Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer Notes 
will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason 
of insufficiency of funds or payment of an Instalment Amount (other than the final 
Instalment Amount), surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes to or to the order of any of the 
Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Note will be made against presentation of the Bearer Note together with (where 
applicable) the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of 
title and if separated from the Bearer Note to which they relate will not represent any 
obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of a Bearer Note without the relative Receipt or the 
presentation of a Receipt without the Bearer Note to which it appertains shall not entitle 
the Holder to any payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States and, in 
the case of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein;

--- Page 184 ---
- 182 - 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of 
their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the 
time of the initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States. 
(d) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Notes is not a Business Day, then the Holder thereof 
will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following such Business Day and no 
further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a 
subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(e) 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons or Receipts attached thereto should 
be surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons or Receipts 
appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted from the amount 
otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being 
payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due date of 
such final redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date of maturity of 
such Coupon; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or 
below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupon relating to such Definitive Notes 
(whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Bearer Notes initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Bearer Notes in respect of a payment of an Instalment 
Amount which (but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after 
such due date for redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
(2) 
Payments — Registered Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 8(2) (Payments – Registered Notes) is applicable in relation to Registered 
Notes. 
(b) 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of 
Registered Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes 
as the specified office of the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final redemption 
amount of Registered Notes is not a Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled 
to payment thereof until the next following such Business Day and no further payment 
shall be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to 
pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect 
of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to 
the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the 
register kept by the Registrar as at opening of business in the place of the Registrar's 
specified office on the fifteenth Registrar Banking Day before the due date for such 
payment (the "Record Date"). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(7)(b) (Payments – General Provisions), 
payments of interest due (other than in respect of the final redemption of Registered Notes) 
in respect of Registered Notes will be made by a cheque drawn on a bank in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and posted to the address (as recorded in the register held by the 
Registrar) of the Holder thereof, (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) on the

--- Page 185 ---
- 183 - 
Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment unless prior to the 
relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first named) 
has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such applications for 
payment to be made to a designated account (in the case aforesaid, a non-resident account 
with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(3) 
Payments — VP Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VP Notes shall be made to the Holders as 
appearing registered in the register kept by the VP as such on the fifth business day (as defined by 
the then applicable VP Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day being a Danish 
Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated 
in VP Rules and will be made in accordance with said VP Rules. Such day shall be the "Record 
Date" in respect of the VP Notes in accordance with VP Rules. 
(4) 
Payments — VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be made to the Holders 
registered in the VPS System as defined by the applicable VPS Rule) as shown in the relevant 
records of Euronext VPS before the (due date for such payment, or such other business day falling 
closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the VPS Rules and will be made in accordance 
with said VPS Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the VPS Notes in 
accordance with the VPS Rules. As of the date of this Prospectus the default Euronext VPS record 
date for the Redemption Amount is two business days prior to the relevant payment date. Record 
dates for interest payments are fifteen business days prior to the relevant payment day. 
(5) 
Payments — Swedish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Swedish Notes shall be made to the Holders 
as appearing registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden as such on the fifth business day 
(as defined by the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, 
such day being a Stockholm Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date 
as then may be stipulated in Euroclear Sweden Rules and will be made in accordance with said 
Euroclear Sweden Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Swedish Notes in 
accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
(6) 
Payments — Finnish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Finnish Notes shall be made to the Holders 
as appearing registered in the register kept by Euroclear Finland as such on the first business day 
(as defined by the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules) before the due date for such payment, 
such day being a Helsinki Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date 
as then may be stipulated in the Euroclear Finland Rules and will be made in accordance with said 
Euroclear Finland Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Finnish Notes in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(7) 
Payments — General Provisions 
(a) 
Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 8 (Payments) is applicable in relation 
to Notes whether in bearer or in registered form. 
(b) 
Payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect 
of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro will be made by cheque drawn on, or 
by transfer to, an account maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and in respect of a Note denominated in euro by cheque drawn on, or by transfer 
to, an euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of any member state 
of the European Union. Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation), be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations. 
(c) 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 186 ---
- 184 - 
Interest Payment Dates in relation to Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation-Linked Interest Notes, 
Rate Adjustment Notes or Zero coupon Notes shall be subject to the Following Business 
Day Convention, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. Interest will then only be 
payable up to and including the originally scheduled Interest Payment Date, Redemption 
Date or Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
Interest Payment Dates in relation to Floating Rate Notes shall be subject to the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest will then be calculated on an adjusted or unadjusted basis, as set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Other Notes shall be subject to the Following Business Day Convention, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. 
If Notes are subject to a Business Day Convention other than those specified above, then 
the applicable Business Day Convention shall be specified and described in the Final 
Terms. 
(d) 
In the event that the applicable Clearing System is prevented from making any payment 
in accordance with the above provisions due to a delay in performance by the Issuer or for 
any other reason, the applicable Clearing System will make such payment to each person 
that is registered as a Holder on the relevant Record Date as soon as payment is received 
from the Issuer or the reason for delay has ceased. 
(e) 
If the Issuer is prevented from making payments to the Holders through the applicable 
Clearing System because the applicable Clearing System is affected by an event or 
circumstance set out in the first paragraph of Condition 22 (Limitation of liability etc.), 
then the Issuer shall be entitled to defer payment until such time as the event or 
circumstance affecting the applicable Clearing System has ceased. In such case, interest 
shall be payable in accordance with Condition 8(8) (Default Interest). 
(f) 
If a person or entity to whom payment was made in accordance with the above provisions 
was not entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and the applicable Clearing System 
shall nevertheless be deemed to have discharged their respective payment obligations, 
unless the Issuer or the applicable Clearing System had knowledge that payment was made 
to a person or entity that was not entitled to receive the payment or if the Issuer or the 
applicable Clearing System did not act with due care. 
(g) 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that the Issuer (or any agent acting on its behalf) 
is prohibited from making any payment on account of any applicable law or regulation, 
the Issuer shall have no liability to Noteholders in respect of any delay or failure in making 
such payment to holders. 
(8) 
Default Interest 
(a) 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the due and 
unpaid amount from its due date up to and including the day on which payment is made 
at an Interest Rate equal to the Interest Base Rate (as specified in the Final Terms) for a 
period of one week, plus two per cent. The Interest Base Rate shall thereupon be 
determined by the Issuer on the first Business Day of each calendar week during the period 
of default. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, the default interest rate on interest bearing Notes 
shall not (except in circumstances set out in paragraph (b) below) be lower than the rate 
which applied to the relevant Notes on the relevant due date plus two per cent. Default 
interest shall not be capitalised. 
(b) 
If any default in payment under the Notes is due to any event or circumstance affecting 
the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System as referred to in the first paragraph of Condition 
22 (Limitations on liability etc.) the default interest rate shall, with respect to interest 
bearing Notes, not exceed the Interest Rate which applied to the relevant Notes on the 
relevant due date (without the addition of two per cent. in accordance with the preceding

--- Page 187 ---
- 185 - 
paragraph) and, with respect to non-interest bearing Notes, no default interest shall accrue 
or be payable. 
(9) 
Interest Deferral 
If "Interest Deferral" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then notwithstanding 
any of the foregoing provisions of these Conditions, the Issuer shall defer (in whole, and not in 
part) any Interest Amount that is otherwise scheduled to be paid to Holders on any Interest Payment 
Date until the earlier of: a) the Redemption Date in respect of the Notes; or b) the Early Redemption 
Date on which such Notes are redeemed in full. 
Any Interest Amount that the Issuer is required to defer pursuant to this Condition 8(9) (Interest 
Deferral) and that has not been satisfied shall be referred to as a "Deferred Interest Amount". 
Non-payment of any Deferred Interest Amount on the scheduled Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with this Condition 8(9) (Interest Deferral) shall not constitute a default by the Issuer 
under the Notes, or for any other purpose, and Deferred Interest Amounts shall not themselves bear 
interest. 
9. 
Change in Law 
The following provisions shall apply to all Notes unless "Change in Law" is stated not to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any changes in any law, ordinance, regulation 
or equivalent or decision by a public authority or any change in the application thereof, or if a 
decree of moratorium, currency restriction, embargo, blockade or boycott of a central bank, 
national government or other public authority such as the United Nations or the European Union, 
(each a "Change in Law") it would be unlawful, significantly more difficult or cause significant 
reputational damage to the Issuer to issue and to hold Notes, or if it becomes unlawful or more 
difficult for the Issuer or a third party or cause significant reputational damage to the Issuer to hold, 
acquire or divest Reference Assets or to enter into derivative transactions with respect to a 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component which may be entered into to hedge the 
Issuer's exposure under the Notes, the Issuer may determine that the Affected Reference Asset, 
interest rate and financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement Reference Asset, interest 
rate or financing component (as selected by the Issuer in its discretion), or alternatively adjust the 
calculation of the Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount and/or alter the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the 
Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield. Such 
calculation shall be based on the most recently published value of the Reference Asset, interest rate 
and financing component. When the Issuer has determined the Redemption Amount and/or the 
yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield 
and the Interest Rate which shall continue to accrue on the Notes which shall be a market rate (and 
which may be zero). The Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be 
paid on the Redemption Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Redemption 
Date to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with a Change in Law. 
10. 
Increased Costs of Hedging 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Notes unless "Increased Costs of Hedging" 
is stated not to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any change in any law, ordinance, regulation 
or equivalent or decision by a public authority or the application thereof, or any other event or 
circumstance not directly attributable to the Issuer's deteriorated credit rating which, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, would affect the Issuer's costs for holding, acquiring or divesting Reference Assets 
or entering into, maintaining or terminating derivative instruments relating to the Reference Asset 
or any interest rate or financing component for the purpose of managing the Issuer's exposure under 
the Notes, would increase in a manner which is not insignificant for the Issuer or if the Issuer's risk

--- Page 188 ---
- 186 - 
management costs, for a reason other than as listed above would, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
increase, or where, in the Issuer's opinion, the risk management costs significantly increase (each 
an "Increased Cost"), the Issuer may determine that the Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or 
financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement Reference Asset, interest rate or financing 
component or alternatively adjust the calculation of the Redemption Amount interest rate or 
financing component. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a commercially reasonable result to replace the 
Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or to adjust the applicable 
calculation, the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount interest rate 
or financing component and/or the yield. Such early calculation shall be based on the most recently 
published value of the Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component. When the Issuer has 
determined the Redemption Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the 
amount of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield and the Interest Rate which shall continue to 
accrue on the Notes, which shall be a market rate (and which may be zero). The Redemption 
Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be paid on the Redemption Date or 
alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Redemption Date to a date notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Increased Costs. 
11. 
Hedging Disruption 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Notes unless "Hedging Disruption" is stated 
not to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, after using commercially reasonable efforts, it would be 
substantially more difficult or impossible to hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of Reference Assets or enter into transactions or acquire financial 
instruments for the purpose of hedging/risk management with reference to Reference Assets, 
interest rates or financing components which have been acquired to secure the Issuer's 
exposure/delivery obligation under the Notes), (each such event a "Hedging Disruption") the 
Issuer may determine that Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component shall be 
replaced by a Replacement Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or alternatively 
adjust the calculation of the Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount and/or alter the Redemption 
Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the 
Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield. Such 
calculation shall be based on the most recently published value of the Reference Asset, interest rate 
or financing component. When the Issuer has determined the Redemption Amount and/or the yield, 
the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield and 
the Interest Rate which shall continue to accrue on the Notes which may be a market rate or which 
may be zero. The Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be paid on 
the Redemption Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Redemption Date 
to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Hedging Disruption. 
(d) 
If the Issuer determines, acting reasonably, that from time to time there has been a change in 
prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions, which change affects any Hedge 
Transaction such that the terms of such Hedge Transaction are or may thenceforth be inconsistent 
with corresponding provisions of these Conditions, then it may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Paying Agent, modify these Conditions to the extent necessary to preserve such 
consistency.

--- Page 189 ---
- 187 - 
12. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and the related Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within ten 
years (or, in the case of Coupons and save as provided in Condition 8(1)(e) (Payments – Bearer 
Notes), five years) after the due date for payment. 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Notes will be prescribed unless made within 10 
years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, three years) after the due date for payment. 
(c) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Redemption Amount or Additional Amount in 
respect of Finnish Notes shall become statute barred unless made within three years after the 
relevant payment date. 
(d) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Redemption Amount or Additional Amount in 
respect of Swedish Notes, or VPS Notes will be statute barred unless made within ten years after 
the relevant Redemption Date or Alternative Additional Amount Payment Date (as applicable). 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of interest or other yield in respect of Swedish Notes or 
VPS Notes shall be statute barred unless made within three years after the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
If the limitation period in respect of Swedish Notes is interrupted a new limitation period of ten 
years will commence for claims in respect of Redemption Amounts or Additional Amounts and 
three years for claims in respect of interest amounts and other yield. Where the limitation period is 
interrupted through any acknowledgement, claim or reminder a new limitation period shall 
commence on the date of the interruption or, where the limitation period is interrupted through 
legal proceedings or the claims for payment is brought before in a court of law, enforcement 
authority or in arbitration proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or proceedings for a judicial 
composition with creditors, a new limitation period shall commence on the date on which a 
judgment or final decision is rendered or the procedure is otherwise terminated. 
(e) 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of amounts of interest in respect of VP Notes will be 
prescribed unless made within three years of the due date for payment. 
13. 
The Paying Agents and the Registrar 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrar and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) a 
Registrar; (iii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental Europe but outside the 
Relevant Jurisdiction; (iv) so long as any VPS Notes are settled through Euronext VPS, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in Norway; (v) so long as any Swedish Notes are cleared through 
Euroclear Sweden, an Issuing Agent with a specified office in Sweden; and (vi) so long as any 
Finnish Notes are cleared and settled through Euroclear Finland, an Issuing Agent with a specified 
office in Finland. The Paying Agents and the Registrar reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city, and provided further 
that so long as any VP Notes are cleared and settled through VP, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the VP Issuing Agent shall have the respective rights and obligations arising under the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and no other Paying Agent shall have any rights and obligations in relation 
thereto. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents or the 
Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of 
any stock exchange and/or listing authority on which the relevant Notes are listed, upon payment 
by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be delivered.

--- Page 190 ---
- 188 - 
15. 
Meetings of Holders; Modifications 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders 
of Notes or Coupons, for convening meetings of the Holders of Notes of any Series to consider 
matters affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the Conditions applicable 
to any Series of Notes. 
In relation to VPS Notes only, meetings of Holders shall be held in accordance with the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and in compliance with the relevant regulations of Euronext VPS. For the 
purposes of a meeting of Holders, the person named in the certificate from Euronext VPS shall be 
treated as the Holder specified in such certificate provided that it has given an undertaking not to 
transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close of the meeting). 
In relation to Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, meetings of Holders shall be held in accordance 
with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to make any amendment to these Conditions that is approved at a meeting of 
Holders or is approved by all Holders of the relevant Notes. The Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Holders of any amendment to the Terms and Conditions in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
In addition to the foregoing the Issuer is entitled, without the consent of Holders, to amend these 
Conditions (including the relevant Final Terms): (i) in order to correct any manifest error or (ii) to 
the extent appropriate upon a change in applicable mandatory law, or (iii) to the extent that any 
such amendment would not, in the opinion of the Issuer, be materially prejudicial to the Holders 
of the Notes or (iv) to change the stock exchange or listing venue where the Notes are admitted to 
listing and/or trading, or to change the clearing system or central securities depository through 
which the Notes are cleared or settled. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective communication 
has been specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published on the 
website of the Issuer at www.nordea.com or www.nordeamarkets.com or, in the case of a 
Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having 
interests therein provided that, in the case of Notes admitted to listing and/or trading on any stock 
exchange, the requirements of such stock exchange or listing authority have been complied with. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be the date 
of such delivery. 
(b) 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (i) sent by first class 
mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) 
at their respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing or (ii) if 
published on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are listed or on the 
website of the Issuer at www.nordea.com or www.nordeamarkets.com. 
(c) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 
71, Stockholm, Sweden and clearly marked on their exterior "Urgent — Attention: Group 
Treasury" (or at such other address and for such other attention as may have been notified to the 
Holders of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 16 (Notices)) and will be deemed to have 
been validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the Issuer's principal office 
is open for business.

--- Page 191 ---
- 189 - 
(d) 
Notices in respect of VP Notes 
Notices in respect of VP Notes will be either (i) in writing and shall be addressed to such Holders 
of the VP Notes at the address appearing in the Danish Note Register maintained by the VP Issuing 
Agent in accordance with the VP Rules or (ii) published on the website of the stock exchange on 
which the relevant Notes are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of the Issuer at 
www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.com  
(e) 
Notices in respect of VPS Notes 
Notices in respect of VPS Notes will be either (i) in writing given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to such Holders, (ii) in writing, sent by first class mail, by electronic mail or 
through other electronic means, directly to such Holders, or (iii) published on the website of the 
stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are listed (if applicable) or (iv) published on the 
website of the Issuer at www.nordea.no or www.nordea.com. 
(f) 
Notices in respect of Swedish Notes 
Notices in respect of Swedish Notes will be either (i) in writing, addressed to such Holders at the 
address appearing in Euroclear Sweden Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing, or (ii) published on the website of the stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of 
the Issuer at www.nordea.se or www.nordea.com. 
(g) 
Notices in respect of Finnish Notes 
Notices regarding Finnish Notes shall be published by the Issuer in a national daily newspaper in 
the jurisdictions in which Notes have been offered to the public or on the Issuer website 
www.nordea.fi/joukkolainat or www.nordea.com or on the website of the stock exchange on which 
the relevant Notes are listed (if applicable). Written notice may also be sent to Holders at the 
address recorded in the Issuer's register. Where Notes have been issued as dematerialised securities, 
notice to Holders may be sent via Euroclear Finland and account operators. Notices shall be 
deemed received by Holders on the day on which they are published in a national daily newspaper, 
on a relevant website or in Euroclear Finland or, where the notice has been sent by letter, on the 
seventh day after despatch of the letter. 
17. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to VP Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to the VP to provide to the VP 
Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with the VP relating to the VP Notes and the 
Holders of the VP Notes in order that the VP Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Danish 
authority, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark (Finanstilsynet) and the 
Danish tax authorities with any information required under applicable Danish laws. Such 
information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the holder of the VP Notes, the 
residency of the holder of the VP Notes, the number of VP Notes of the relevant holder and the 
address of the relevant holder. 
The VPS Paying Agent is obligated, upon request, to provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, 
including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway and the Norwegian tax authorities, with 
any information registered on the relevant Euronext VPS account(s). Such information may include 
the identity of the registered Holder of the Notes, the residency of the registered Holder of the 
Notes, the number of Notes registered with the relevant Holder, the address of the relevant Holder, 
the account operator in respect of the relevant VPS account and whether or not the Notes are 
registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In relation to Finnish Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Finland to provide 
to the Finnish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Finland relating 
to the Finnish Notes and the Holders of the Finnish Notes in order that the Finnish Issuing Agent 
may provide any relevant Finnish authorities, including the FFSA (in Finnish: Finanssivalvonta) 
and the Finnish tax authorities, with any information required under applicable Finnish laws. Such 
information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Finnish 
Notes, the residency of the registered holder of the Finnish Notes, the number of Finnish Notes 
registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in

--- Page 192 ---
- 190 - 
respect of the relevant Euroclear Finland account (in Finnish: Tilinhoitaja) and whether or not the 
Finnish Notes are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In relation to Swedish Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to provide 
to the Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden relating 
to the Swedish Notes and the Holders of the Swedish Notes in order that the Swedish Issuing Agent 
may provide any relevant Swedish authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Sweden (Finansinspektionen) and the Swedish tax authorities, with any information required under 
applicable Swedish laws. Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the 
registered holder of the Swedish Notes, the residency of the registered holder of the Swedish Notes, 
the number of Swedish Notes registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, 
the account operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear Sweden account and whether or not the 
Swedish Notes are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series 
create and issue further notes and other debt securities having terms and conditions the same as 
those of the Notes of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest 
(if any), which may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes of such 
Series. 
19. 
Obtaining Information 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from: (i) the Euroclear Sweden Register in respect 
of the Swedish Notes and Holders thereof; and (ii) Euroclear Finland in respect of the Finnish 
Notes and Holders thereof. 
The Issuer has the right, with respect to Notes other than Swedish Notes, to request and obtain 
from the relevant Clearing System certain information relating to an account in the relevant 
Clearing System's noteholders register, including but not limited to: (i) the Holder's name, personal 
identification number or other identification number as well as postal address, (ii) Notes held and 
the terms and conditions of such Notes and (iii) where applicable, the number of Notes and their 
nominal amount. 
The Issuer shall have access on demand to static data and ownership of the Bondholders registered 
in the Securities Depository as regulated in Part 3 of the VP Rule Book. 
20. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them may be 
governed by English law, Swedish law, Finnish law, Danish law or Norwegian law, as specified in 
the Final Terms. In relation to VP Notes, Danish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard 
to the registration of such Notes in the VP and VP Notes must comply with the Danish Capital 
Markets Act (Lov om kapitalmarkeder), as amended from time to time, the Danish Executive Order 
and the VP Rule Book. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the 
registration of such VPS Notes in Euronext VPS. Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable 
with regard to the registration of such Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden and the Swedish Notes 
must comply with the SFIA Act. Finnish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the 
registration of such Finnish Notes in Euroclear Finland and the Finnish Notes must comply with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Laki arvo-osuustileistä) (827/1991), as amended, as well as the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 20(a) (Law and Jurisdiction), the Issuer irrevocably agrees 
for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes that the Courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or 
in connection with Notes governed by English law (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) (respectively, "Proceedings" 
and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of 
England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any

--- Page 193 ---
- 191 - 
Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. The 
Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it 
by being delivered to Nordea Bank Abp, London Branch at its registered address in London from 
time to time, being presently at 6th Floor, 5 Aldermanbury Square, London EC2V 7AZ or, if 
different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at 
which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is 
not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf 
and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Fiscal Agent. 
Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. The submission to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Notes or of any of them to take Proceedings 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or 
not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
(c) 
If Swedish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these terms and conditions shall be settled in Swedish courts. The 
Stockholm District Court shall be court of first instance. 
(d) 
If Finnish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these terms and conditions shall be settled in Finnish courts. The 
court of first instance shall be Helsingin käräjäoikeus. 
(e) 
If Danish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these terms and conditions shall be settled by Danish courts. The 
court of first instance shall be Københavns Byret. 
(f) 
If Norwegian law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning 
the interpretation or application of these terms and conditions shall be settled by Norwegian courts. 
The court of first instance shall be Oslo Tingrett. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the operating procedures, rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Sweden (together, the "Swedish Remedies"), Holders of Swedish Notes may have 
remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-performance under the Conditions applicable 
to such Swedish Notes, a Swedish Note Holder must first exhaust all available remedies under the 
applicable governing law for non-payment or non-performance before any Proceedings may be 
brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the Swedish Remedies. Notwithstanding 
Condition 20(b) (Law and Jurisdiction), and in this limited respect only, a Holder of Swedish Notes 
may therefore not take concurrent Proceedings in Sweden. 
21. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
22. 
Limitation of liability etc. 
The Issuer and the relevant Clearing System shall not, in connection with the discharge or 
purported discharge of any of their respective obligations in respect of the Notes, be held liable for 
any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a public authority, 
or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in 
respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if an aforementioned entity takes 
such measures, or is subject to such measures. 
The Issuer or the relevant Clearing System shall not be held liable for any other damage or loss 
incurred if such entity has exercised due care. The aforementioned entities shall not in any case be 
held responsible for any indirect damage, consequential damage and/or loss of profit, otherwise 
than as a result of or in relation to the gross negligence of the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System. 
Should there be an impediment to the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System taking any action 
pursuant to these terms and conditions due to any circumstance set out in the first paragraph of this

--- Page 194 ---
- 192 - 
Condition 22 (Limitation of liability etc.), such action may be postponed until the impediment has 
ceased. 
The provisions of this Condition 22 (Limitation of liability etc.) shall apply unless otherwise 
provided by applicable law. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), includes each holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes on a 
permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD or the application of the 
SRM Regulation and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD or the SRM 
Regulation, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
For the avoidance of doubt any exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority will not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations 
or duties in respect of the Notes, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer's obligations or duties in 
respect of the Notes in any manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders to petition 
for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 195 ---
- 193 - 
PART 2: ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR CERTAIN STRUCTURED NOTES 
1. 
Market Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes, other than those in respect of which the Reference 
Assets, interest rates or financing component are solely interest rates, commodities or Reference 
Entities or any combination of the foregoing, unless "Market Disruption" is specified as not being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Market Disruption with respect to a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component 
exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation of an official final price for a Reference Asset, interest rate or 
financing component or significant portion of the Reference Assets, interest rates 
or financing components included does not exist, is unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
where applicable, if a compilation and/or publication of the value of the Reference 
Asset's, interest rate's or financing component's value ceases or is temporarily 
suspended; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Exchange and/or Options or Futures Exchange does not open for 
trading during its normal trading hours or closes for trading earlier than its normal 
closing time; 
(iv) 
trading in a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component, or a significant 
portion of the underlying assets included in a Reference Asset or options or 
futures contracts related to a Reference Asset, which is/are traded on the Relevant 
Exchange or Options or Futures Exchange ceases, is suspended or is significantly 
restricted; 
(v) 
the ability of market participants to carry out trades in, or obtain the market value 
for, a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or a significant 
portion of the underlying assets included in a Reference Asset or options or 
futures contracts related to a Reference Asset, which is/are traded on the Relevant 
Exchange or Options or Futures Exchange ceases, is discontinued or significantly 
deteriorates due to any other event; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Fund-linked Notes only, the valuation of a Reference Asset, which 
comprises funds or fund units, on any Relevant Date for the Reference Asset does 
not take place or full payment of the redemption amount with respect to such 
Reference Asset does not take place on a redemption day for the Fund. 
(b) 
A limitation on the number of hours or days when trading occurs shall not be deemed to 
constitute a Market Disruption where the restriction is due to a published change in the 
normal trading hours for the Relevant Exchange and/or Options or Futures Exchange. 
(c) 
A restriction in trading which is introduced during the course of a day due to changes in 
prices which exceeds permitted levels pursuant to the Relevant Exchange and/or Options 
or Futures Exchange shall be deemed to constitute a Market Disruption. 
(d) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a Market Disruption has occurred on any Relevant Date, 
the Relevant Date shall, with respect to determination of any Relevant Value to be 
determined on such date, be the Following Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected 
Reference Asset, respectively) on which Market Disruption does not exist; however, 
where Market Disruption exists on the eight Scheduled Trading Days (for each Affected 
Reference Asset, respectively) that follows immediately after the original Relevant Date 
as stated in the Final Terms, such eighth Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected 
Reference Asset, respectively) shall be deemed the Relevant Date irrespective of the 
existence of Market Disruption, and the Issuer shall thereupon determine the Relevant 
Value to be applied upon calculation of the Redemption Amount, Interest Amount or in 
conjunction with any calculation or valuation in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 196 ---
- 194 - 
(e) 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible or would not provide a fair result to 
determine or replace the value of the Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing 
component at the time of such Market Disruption, the Issuer may perform an early 
calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount and determine 
the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has 
determined the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount the Issuer shall 
notify the Holders of the amount of the Redemption Amount and the yield and the interest 
rate which will continue to accrue on the Notes. The Issuer shall pay market interest on 
the Principal Amount. The Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall 
be paid on the Redemption Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the 
Redemption Date to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment, or amendment to the Conditions and 
to the Final Terms as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Market Disruption or 
Disruption. 
2. 
Market Disruption Commodity 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes in respect of which the Reference Assets consist 
of one or more commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or one or more 
commodity index, unless, "Market Disruption Commodity" is specified as not being applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Market Disruption with respect to a Reference Asset exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, 
any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of official final prices for a 
Reference Asset or the underlying assets included in the Reference Asset does not 
exist, unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of the value of a Reference 
Asset or the value of the underlying assets included in the Reference Asset does 
not exist, is unavailable or ceases; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Exchange is not open for trading during its normal trading hours; 
(iv) 
trading in a Reference Asset or the underlying assets included in a Reference 
Asset or options or futures contracts related to a Reference Asset, which is/are 
traded on the Stock Exchange ceases, is suspended or significantly restricted; 
(v) 
the possibilities for parties on the market to carry out trades in or obtain the market 
value for a Reference Asset or a significant portion of the underlying assets 
included in a Reference Asset or options or futures contracts related to a 
Reference Asset, which is/are traded on the Relevant Exchange ceases, is 
discontinued or significantly deteriorates due to any other event; 
(vi) 
the manner of calculating a Reference Asset or the underlying assets included in 
the Reference Asset or the value thereof changes significantly; 
(vii) 
the content, compilation or structure of a Reference Asset or the underlying assets 
included in a Reference Asset or relevant options or futures contract changes 
significantly; or 
(viii) 
the introduction, change or repeal of tax provisions with respect to a Reference 
Asset or tax provisions regarding tax calculated by way of reference to the 
underlying assets included in a Reference Asset (however, not tax on, or which is 
calculated by reference to, gross or net income) after the Initial Observation Date, 
Initial Valuation Date or Start Date, as a consequence of which the final price on 
the relevant Initial Observation Date, Initial Valuation Date or Observation Start 
Date changes as compared to what it would have been had the tax provisions not 
been introduced, changed or repealed.

--- Page 197 ---
- 195 - 
(b) 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, a Market Disruption has occurred on any Relevant 
Date such Relevant Date for determination of the Relevant Value to be determined on such 
date shall be the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected 
Reference Asset) where Market Disruption does not exist (for each Affected Reference 
Asset), or alternatively the Relevant Value may be determined or replaced by the Issuer in 
another appropriate manner; however, where Market Disruption occurs during the five 
Scheduled Trading Days (for each Affected Reference Asset) immediately following the 
Relevant Date and the Relevant Value may be determined or replaced by the Issuer in 
another appropriate manner, such fifth Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected 
Reference Asset) shall be deemed to be the Relevant Date irrespective of whether Market 
Disruption exists, and the Issuer shall thereupon determine or replace the Relevant Value 
for the purposes of calculating the Interest Amount, Redemption Amount or another 
relevant value. 
(c) 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible or would not provide a fair result to 
determine or replace the value of the Affected Reference Asset at the time of such Market 
Disruption, the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or 
the yield or Interest Amount and determine the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or 
Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has determined the Redemption Amount and/or the 
yield or Interest Amount the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the 
Redemption Amount and the yield and the interest rate which will continue to accrue on 
the Notes. The Issuer shall pay market interest on the Principal Amount. The Redemption 
Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Redemption Date or 
alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Redemption Date to a date notified 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(d) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment, or amendment to the Terms 
and Conditions and to the Final Terms as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with 
Market Disruption. 
3. 
Disruption Currency 
The following provisions will apply to any Notes which have an FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) as 
a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or in respect of which Condition 5(aaa) 
(FX Component (Interest)) or Condition 6(b) (FX Components) is applicable, unless "Disruption 
Currency" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
"Disruption" with respect to an FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) (including an FX Rate or 
FX Rate (Interest) which is a Reference Asset) exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any 
of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
spot or futures prices are not available for the FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) or 
the underlying assets included in the FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest); 
(ii) 
calculation or publication of any final price/exchange rate/currency price on a 
specified reference source for an FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) or the underlying 
assets included in the FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) does not exist, is unavailable 
or ceases to be published on the specified reference source; 
(iii) 
a material price deviation occurs between the price of various currencies, 
exchange rates and/or currency prices; 
(iv) 
a quotation of spot and/or futures prices cannot be obtained on a stated minimum 
amount in one or a reasonable number of currency transactions which together 
amount to a predetermined minimum sum; or 
(v) 
the introduction of any currency exchange regulations or currency exchange 
restrictions which affect the ability to exchange a currency which constitutes an 
FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) into another currency and/or to transfer the relevant 
currency from the relevant jurisdiction. 
(b) 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, Disruption has occurred on any Relevant Date, the 
Issuer shall determine the value of the Relevant Value based on all available information

--- Page 198 ---
- 196 - 
which the Issuer believes to be relevant in conjunction with calculation of the Redemption 
Amount, Interest Amount or any other calculation or valuation in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment, or amendment to the 
Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Disruption. 
4. 
Calculation Adjustment 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes unless "Calculation Adjustment" is specified as 
not applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, the compilation, calculation or publication of any 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component ceases in whole or in part, or the 
characteristics of the Reference Assets, interest rates or financing components are changed 
significantly, the Issuer shall be entitled, upon calculation of the Redemption Amount, to 
replace such Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component with a 
comparable alternative. Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a comparable alternative to such 
Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component is not compiled, calculated 
and published or where, in the opinion of the Issuer, the method of calculating any 
Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or the value thereof is 
changed significantly, the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the 
calculation as the Issuer, based on reasonable grounds deems necessary, in order for the 
calculation of the value of the Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing 
component to reflect and be based on the manner in which such was previously compiled, 
calculated and published. The value thereby calculated shall replace the value of the 
Affected Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component in calculations of the 
relevant Redemption Amount or Interest Amount. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace the Affected 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component or adjust the applicable calculation, 
the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield 
or Interest Amount and determine the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest 
Amount. Such calculation shall be based on the most recently published value of the 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component. When the Issuer has determined 
the Redemption Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount 
of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield and the Interest Rate which will continue to 
accrue on the Notes. The Issuer shall pay market interest on the Principal Amount. The 
Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Redemption 
Date. 
(c) 
The Issuer is entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions 
as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Calculation Adjustment. 
5. 
Corrections 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes, other than those in respect of which the Reference 
Assets, interest rates or financing components are solely interest rates, commodities or Reference 
Entities or any combination of the foregoing, unless "Corrections" is specified as not applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
Where the official closing price for a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component is 
corrected within the number of days from the original publication as normally elapse between a 
trade and settlement day in conjunction with spot trading in the Reference Asset, interest rate or 
financing component or in the underlying assets included in the Reference Asset, and such price is 
used to determine a Relevant Value, the Issuer shall be entitled to make a corresponding correction 
provided that such official closing price is corrected by no later than the Number of Exchange 
Business Days after the Relevant Date. 
6. 
Correction Commodity

--- Page 199 ---
- 197 - 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes in respect of which the Reference Assets consist 
of one or more commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or one or more 
commodity index, unless "Correction Commodity" is stated as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
Where the official closing price for a Reference Asset is corrected within 30 days of the original 
publication and such a price is used to determine a Closing Price and/or other Relevant Value, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to make a corresponding correction to the Closing Price and/or other 
Relevant Value. 
7. 
Correction Currency 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes which have an FX Rate or FX Rate (Interest) as a 
Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component unless "Correction Currency" is specified 
as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
Where the official closing price for a Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component is 
corrected and such price is used to determine a Relevant Value, the Issuer shall be entitled to make 
a corresponding correction not later than six Currency Business Days after the official closing price 
for the Reference Asset, interest rate or financing component was published. 
8. 
Extraordinary Events 
The following provisions will apply to all Notes which have equities, or an equities Basket as 
Reference Asset(s), unless "Extraordinary Events" is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, delisting, nationalisation, bankruptcy proceedings, 
liquidation, company reorganisation, compulsory redemption, merger, demerger, asset 
transfer, share swap, swap offer, public tender offer or other similar event occurs with 
respect to equities which constitute a Reference Asset or a company whose shares are 
included in an equities basket which constitutes a Reference Asset; or where, in the Issuer's 
opinion, a subdivision, new issue, bonus issue, issuance of warrants or convertible 
debentures, reverse split, or buy-back occurs with respect to such an equity or basket of 
equities as constitute a Reference Asset, or any other event occurs as specified in the Final 
Terms or which, in accordance with practice on the market for equity-related derivative 
products, may lead to an adjustment in the calculation during outstanding transactions 
(each an "Extraordinary Event"), the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments 
in the calculation of any Relevant Value and/or compilation of Reference Assets, or to 
replace the Affected Reference Asset with a Replacement Reference Asset which the 
Issuer thereby deems necessary in order to achieve a calculation of the Redemption 
Amount which reflects, and is based on, the manner in which such was previously 
calculated. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace the Affected 
Reference Asset or adjust the applicable calculation or the structure of the Reference Asset, 
the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield 
or Interest Amount and determine the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest 
Amount. Such early calculation shall be based on the most recently published value for 
the Reference Asset. When the Issuer has determined the Redemption Amount and/or the 
yield or Interest Amount, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the 
Redemption Amount and the yield or Interest Amount and the rate at which interest will 
continue to accrue on the Notes. The Issuer shall pay market interest on the Principal 
Amount. The Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be paid 
on the Redemption Date. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the 
Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Extraordinary Events. 
9. 
Interest Rate Fallbacks 
In circumstances other than where the Issuer either: (i) determines that a Benchmark Event and/or 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; or (ii) considers that there may be a Successor Rate, 
where the Reference Asset or yield or financing component is an interest rate, and unless "Rate

--- Page 200 ---
- 198 - 
Option Fallback" is specified not to apply in the relevant Final Terms, then if the relevant interest 
rate does not appear on the applicable price source specified in the Final Terms on any Relevant 
Date, and at the relevant time, required by the Conditions, the Issuer shall determine the interest 
rate for the applicable Relevant Date in accordance with the fallback provisions relating to the 
relevant Rate Option specified in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or Floating Rate Option specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as applicable). If, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that such interest rate is not a reasonable replacement, then it shall, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, determine the relevant fallback rate, taking into account all 
available information that, in good faith, it deems relevant.  
10. 
Rolling of Futures Contracts 
Where "Rolling of Futures Contracts" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on 
each Roll Date during the term of the Notes the Issuer may replace a Reference Asset comprising 
a futures contract (the "Current Futures Contract") with a new futures contract (the "New 
Futures Contract") that will, once the Current Futures Contract expires, in the Issuer's opinion, 
have the shortest time left to expiration of those cash settled futures contracts of adequate liquidity 
(as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) listed on the Price Reference Source and relating 
to the same underlying asset as the Current Futures Contract. The Issuer shall be entitled to make 
such adjustments to the terms of the Notes as it considers appropriate in order to preserve the 
theoretical value of the Notes in connection with such substitution of Reference Assets, and any 
fees, costs and expenses incurred, or that would be incurred, in connection with amending, 
terminating or re-establishing any relevant Hedge Transaction.

--- Page 201 ---
- 199 - 
PART 3: ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT-LINKED NOTES 
The provisions below shall apply when specified in the Final Terms. 
Credit Event: 
The occurrence of one or more of the following events (as specified in the 
Final Terms), as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion: 
 
(a) 
in relation to a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign: 
(i) Failure to Pay, (ii) Restructuring, (iii) Bankruptcy or 
(iv) Governmental Intervention; 
 
(b) 
in relation to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign: (i) Failure 
to Pay, (ii) Repudiation/moratorium or (iii) Restructuring and, in 
relation to east European and central Asian Sovereigns, also 
(iv) Obligation Acceleration; 
 
whereupon a Credit Event shall be deemed to exist notwithstanding that 
the event is directly or indirectly caused by, or an obligation is contested 
by reference to, any of the following: (i) lack of authority, lack of legal 
capacity, lack of capacity to enter into legal relations or similar in respect 
of a Reference Entity; (ii) actual or alleged invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability of Debt Obligations; (iii) applicable law, regulations, 
public authority decisions, judgments, court decisions, decisions of 
arbitrators or similar procedures or the implementation of, or amendment 
to, or interpretation of applicable law or regulations on order of any court 
of arbitration or public authority; or (iv) the introduction of, or changes 
to, currency regulations, monetary restrictions or similar provisions by 
any monetary or other authority (including central banks). 
Repudiation/Moratorium: 
Means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised 
officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority 
(x) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of, one or more Debt Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Failure to Pay Amount or (y) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Debt Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Failure to Pay Amount and (ii) a Failure to 
Pay or a Restructuring, determined without regard to the Failure to Pay 
Amount, with respect to any such Debt Obligation occurs on or prior to 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Governmental Authority: 
Means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or other department therefor), any court, 
tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; any authority or any other entity (private or public) 
either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation 
or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the 
Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of organisation of the Reference 
Entity or some or all of its obligations, or any other entity which is 
analogous to any of the foregoing. 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
If a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the scheduled 
Redemption Date (i) if the Debt Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later 
of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, 
the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such 
payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/ Moratorium; provided

--- Page 202 ---
- 200 - 
that, in either case, the Repudiation/ Moratorium Evaluation Date shall 
occur no later than the scheduled Redemption Date. 
Bond: 
Any obligation comprising Borrowed Money which is in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not 
include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Borrowed Money: 
Means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in 
respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money 
(which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement 
obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
Loan: 
Means any obligation comprising Borrowed Money that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan: 
Means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Grace Period Extension 
Date: 
Means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior 
to the Scheduled Redemption Date, the date that is the number of days in 
the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Grace Period: 
Means: 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below the applicable grace 
period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the 
terms of such Debt Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Debt Obligation is issued or incurred; 
 
(ii) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on 
or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Scheduled Redemption Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to 
be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as the 
"Maximum Length of Grace Period" in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
 
(iii) 
if, as of the date as of which a Debt Obligation is issued or 
incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace 
period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, 
a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be 
deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no 
later than the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the final Observation Date or Observation End Date (as 
applicable) shall, notwithstanding any other provision of these 
Conditions, be deemed to be the Grace Period Extension Date and the 
Redemption Date in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to be the 
Extended Redemption Date specified in the Final Terms. 
Grace Period Business 
Day: 
Means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose in the relevant Debt Obligation or, if a 
place or places are not so specified, (a) if the currency in which the 
relevant Debt Obligation is denominated (the "Obligation Currency") is

--- Page 203 ---
- 201 - 
the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to 
settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
Potential Failure to Pay 
Means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement under one or more Debt Obligations in accordance with the 
terms of such Debt Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of 
any grace period applicable to such Debt Obligations. 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
Means information confirming that a Credit Event has occurred and: 
 
(i) 
that have been published in at least one Public Source (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information); 
 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference 
Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), or (B) a 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for the relevant Debt 
Obligation; or 
 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or 
filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, 
exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, 
 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs 
(ii) or (iii) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
agreement, 
understanding 
or 
other 
restriction 
regarding 
the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Potential 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium: 
Means the occurrence of an event described in clause (i) of the definition 
of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Replacement 
Reference 
Entity: 
Such Reference Entity as may be determined by the Issuer. 
Bankruptcy: 
Means that a Reference Entity: 
 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than through a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); 
 
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
suspends payments or admits or declares in writing in judicial 
proceedings, administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings 
or otherwise admits or declares a general inability to pay its debts 
as they fall due; 
 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or 
such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment or decision regarding insolvency, inability to pay or

--- Page 204 ---
- 202 - 
bankruptcy, or any similar relief pursuant to bankruptcy-, 
insolvency- or similar statutes or regulations which affect 
creditors' rights, or a petition to dissolve or place the Reference 
Entity into liquidation has been filed and such proceedings or 
such a petition 
 
(i) 
result in a judgment or a decision of insolvency, inability 
to make payment or bankruptcy, a judgment or a 
decision which generally affects creditors' rights, or a 
decision to place the Reference Entity into liquidation; 
or 
 
(ii) 
is not withdrawn, dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained or generally restricted within thirty days after 
the proceedings have been commenced or the petition 
filed; 
 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of a trustee 
(including 
every 
form 
of 
bankruptcy 
or 
insolvency 
administration), receiver, investigator, administrator or other 
similar office with respect to the Reference Entity and all or a 
significant part of the Reference Entity's assets; 
 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of 
the Reference Entity's assets, or the Reference Entity becomes 
the subject of execution, attachment or other similar measure or 
procedure with respect to all or a significant part of its assets, and 
such creditor retains possession or such procedure is not, 
dismissed, discharged or stayed within thirty days; or 
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to an event or circumstance which, according 
to law applicable to the Reference Entity, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in clauses (a) – (g). 
Public Source: 
A public source such as Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, NihonKezain Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, 
The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source of business news in the relevant Reference 
Entity's jurisdiction and every other internationally recognised, published 
or electronically displayed public source. 
Sovereign: 
Any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
Restructuring: 
(a) 
Restructuring means, with respect to one or more Debt 
Obligations, and is an amount that equals or exceeds, in total, the 
amount specified in the Final Terms at the time the Credit Event 
occurs (the "Restructuring Amount") any one or more of the 
following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such 
Debt Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of 
such Debt Obligation to bind all holders of the Debt Obligation 
or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of 
such Debt Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in

--- Page 205 ---
- 203 - 
effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the 
date as of which such Debt Obligation is issued or incurred:  
 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or 
the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by 
way of redenomination); 
 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium 
payable 
at 
redemption 
(including 
by 
way 
of 
redenomination); 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for 
either (A) the payment or accrual of interest, or (B) the 
payment of principal or premium; 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any 
Debt Obligation, causing the subordination of such Debt 
Obligation to any other Debt Obligation; or 
 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, 
principal or premium to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and 
the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the 
euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
 
(b) 
None of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in 
relation to a Debt Obligation denominated in a currency 
of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if 
(A) the redenomination occurs as a result of action taken 
by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros 
and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion; 
 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any 
of the events described in clauses (a)(i) to (v) above due 
to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment 
or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any 
of the events described in clauses (a)(i) to (v) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly 
result 
from 
a 
deterioration 
in 
the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity, provided that in respect of clause (a)(v) only, no 
such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity is required where the

--- Page 206 ---
- 204 - 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
 
(c) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one 
of the events described under clauses (a)(i) to (v) above has 
occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(d) 
In paragraphs (a) and (b) above, "Debt Obligation" also includes 
the Reference Entity acting as provider of a guarantee 
undertaking or surety, whereupon "Reference Entity" in 
paragraph (a) shall mean the debtor under the obligation for 
which the guarantee or surety is issued and in paragraph (b) shall 
mean the Reference Entity. 
 
(e) 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this definition (Restructuring), the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the 
events described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) above shall not be a 
Restructuring unless the Debt Obligation in respect of any such 
events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at 
the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates 
(as defined in the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement) of each other 
and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders 
(determined pursuant to the terms of the Debt Obligation as in 
effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-
two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Debt Obligation 
that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this 
paragraph (ii). For the purposes of this definition (Restructuring) 
the term Debt Obligation shall be deemed to include any 
underlying obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting 
as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (a) shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor 
and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
"Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written 
instrument (which may include a statute or regulation), pursuant 
to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest 
(except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence 
of a fixed cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and 
not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the 
relevant governing law). 
 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the 
obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying 
Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the

--- Page 207 ---
- 205 - 
case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Credit Event Backstop 
Date: 
Means, for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or 
with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event 
described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), 
the date that is determined by the Issuer in accordance with Market 
Convention. 
Debt Obligation: 
Means each Reference Entity's current, future, conditional or other 
payment obligations (whether or not Subordinated) under (a) agreements 
having the commercial effect of borrowings, e.g. loan agreements, notes 
or commercial paper (irrespective of term to maturity) or financing limits, 
payment obligations regarding deposits or letters of credit and (b) 
guarantees or other sureties or commitments which the Reference Entity 
has provided or provides with respect to the payment obligations of a third 
party. 
Obligation Acceleration: 
One or more Debt Obligations in an aggregate amount of at least the 
amount specified in the Final Terms (the "Obligation Acceleration 
Amount") have become due and payable before they would otherwise 
become due and payable (through acceleration or any other reason) as a 
result of, or on the basis of the occurrence of a default or other similar 
condition or event relating to the Reference Entity (and such breach of 
contract does not relate to Failure to Pay). 
Failure to Pay: 
A Reference Company's or a Sovereign's failure to pay when due (after 
expiry of any applicable Grace Period and after the satisfaction of any 
condition precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), in 
accordance with the terms and conditions for one or more Debt 
Obligations at the time of such failure, any amount due for payment 
provided the amount which is due and payable or the total of the amounts 
that are due and payable equals or exceeds the amount specified in the 
Final Terms (the "Failure to Pay Amount"). If "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
notwithstanding the foregoing it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if 
such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
relevant Reference Company or Sovereign. 
Governmental 
Intervention: 
means that, with respect to one or more Debt Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one 
or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by 
means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other 
applicable law), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form 
which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided 
for under the terms of such Debt Obligation: 
 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or 
the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by 
way of redenomination); 
 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium 
payable 
at 
redemption 
(including 
by 
way 
of 
redenomination); 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for 
either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the 
payment of principal or premium;

--- Page 208 ---
- 206 - 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any 
Debt Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Debt 
Obligation to any other Debt Obligation; 
 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily 
changes the beneficial holder of the Debt Obligation; 
 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the foregoing. 
 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a 
Governmental Intervention for all purposes under the Notes. 
 
If, with respect to one or more Debt Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation 
of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary 
reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall 
be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention. 
CoCo Provision: 
means, with respect to a Debt Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger 
Percentage. 
Trigger Percentage: 
means the trigger percentage specified in the Final Terms or, if no such 
trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent. 
Capital Ratio: 
means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Debt 
Obligation, as described in the terms therefore in effect from time to time. 
Default Requirement: 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or its equivalent 
in the currency of the relevant Debt Obligation (or, if no such amount is 
specified, USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the currency of the relevant 
Debt Obligation) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event or Potential Failure to pay, as applicable. 
Subordination: 
Means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and 
another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is 
being compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the 
holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the 
claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the 
Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any 
time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed 
accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists 
or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared (x) the existence of preferred 
creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or 
other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into 
account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the 
 
Debt Obligation the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as 
of the date as of which it was issued or incurred and shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.

--- Page 209 ---
- 207 - 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies: 
Any of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies 
(which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to 
and replaces the euro in whole). 
Successor: 
(a) 
means, subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined as follows: 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(vii) below, if one entity 
succeeds to seventy-five per cent or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity 
will be the sole Successor; 
 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor, 
determined in accordance with paragraph (f) below; 
 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain 
with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor, determined 
in accordance with paragraph (f) below; 
 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no 
Successor and the Reference Entity and the Notes will 
not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant 
Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two 
or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of 
Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor, determined in accordance with paragraph (f); 
 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a 
Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination

--- Page 210 ---
- 208 - 
either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or 
(B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") 
will be the sole Successor. 
 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after 
the Successor Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a 
Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession 
Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant 
Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference 
Entity; and 
 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity 
succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by way of a 
Sovereign Succession Event. 
 
(c) 
"succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference 
Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, 
entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs 
Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is 
not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a guarantee with 
respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or 
Loans, as applicable, and the terms "succeeded" and 
"succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
(d) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required 
pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be made on the basis of the 
outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged 
and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
 
(e) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") 
jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant 
Obligation"), then it shall be treated as having been succeeded 
to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors), in equal parts. 
 
(f) 
Where more than one Successor has been identified, the Issuer 
shall make such changes to the Conditions as it may, in its sole 
discretion, consider necessary in order to reflect the relative 
Basket Participations of the relevant Successor(s) and the other 
Reference Entities (if any), in relation to the Notes, including any 
adjustment to the Credit Event Ranked Weight(s) if a Credit 
Event occurs in relation to the relevant Successor(s). 
 
The Issuer shall determine whether or not there has been a Successor to 
any Reference Entity, and carry out those calculations and determinations 
which are required under the definition of "Successor", and shall notify 
the holders of the outcome thereof. The Issuer has the right, with binding

--- Page 211 ---
- 209 - 
effect on the Holders, to make such adjustments to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes which the Issuer determines necessary as a result 
of the determination of a Successor. The Issuer shall perform the 
appropriate adjustments of the Final Terms to reflect a Successor and the 
scope of the Relevant Obligations as well as any other amendments that 
the Issuer deems necessary. The Successor shall, from the day the Issuer 
so determines, replace the Reference Entity as a "Reference Entity" in 
respect of the relevant Notes. 
Steps Plan: 
A plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will 
be a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor, 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Issuer shall consider all related successions in 
respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
Eligible Information: 
Information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Succession Date: 
The legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession 
Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination 
pursuant of a Successor would not be affected by any further related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would 
constitute a Successor. 
Successor Backstop Date: 
For purposes of any Successor determination the date that is determined 
by the Issuer in accordance with market convention. The Successor 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Relevant Obligations: 
Means the Debt Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
category of "Bond or Loan" (whether directly, or by way of guarantee, 
surety or other commitment) and which are outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to 
the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity 
and any of its Affiliates (as defined in the standard form 2002 
ISDA Master Agreement), or held by the Reference Entity, shall 
be excluded; 
 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes 
of the determination required to be made under the definition of 
"Successor" make the appropriate adjustments required to take 
account of any Debt Obligations of the Reference Entity which 
fall within the category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the 
legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
Sovereign 
Succession 
Event: 
With respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution 
or other similar event. 
Payment Deferral: 
If it is not possible for the Issuer to determine either: (a) whether or not 
one or more Credit Events has occurred, or (b) the Recovery Value in 
respect of one or more Reference Entities, in either case before the

--- Page 212 ---
- 210 - 
Scheduled Redemption Date or Early Redemption Date because an 
auction settlement procedure has not yet been concluded, or for any other 
reason, or if the Issuer or applicable Hedging Party reasonably determines 
that it has a potential liability in respect of any Hedge Transaction as at 
the Scheduled Redemption Date or the Early Redemption Date (as 
applicable) (each such event a "Deferred Redemption"), then the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Holders of such event (a "Deferred 
Redemption Notice"). 
 
Following a Deferred Redemption Notice the Issuer may make a partial 
redemption of the Notes and/or, a partial payment of any accrued Interest 
Amount due and payable on the relevant Scheduled Redemption Date or 
Early Redemption Date (as applicable) on (i) the Scheduled Redemption 
Date or the Early Redemption Date, as applicable, or (ii) such other date 
or date(s) as the Issuer may determine (each such date, a "Deferred 
Redemption Date"). 
 
If the Issuer has determined that a Deferred Redemption has occurred and 
is continuing as at the Back Stop Date, then the Issuer (i) may extend the 
Back Stop Date until such future date as may be determined by the Issuer, 
or (ii) by notice to the Holders and to the relevant Clearing System(s) 
cancel the Notes with immediate effect, whereupon the Issuer shall not be 
obliged to make, and no Holder shall be entitled to receive, any 
redemption payment or other amount in respect of the Notes. 
 
Holders shall have no claim to receive any remaining part of the 
Redemption Amount or Interest Amount after the Back Stop Date. 
Partial Restructuring:  
If "Partial Restructuring" is specified as being "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs, the 
Issuer may elect the portion of the notional exposure to the relevant 
Reference Entity that is affected by the relevant Credit Event (the 
"Exercise Amount") by giving notice thereof to Holders in accordance 
Condition 16 (Notices). The Issuer will also notify the Holders of the 
reduction of the notional exposure to the relevant Reference Entity, and 
any calculation and/or determination of payments or other amounts 
(including, without limitation, any redemption or interest amount) in 
respect of the Notes following such early redemption shall take into 
account such reduction in the notional exposure to the relevant Reference 
Entity. The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment, or 
amendment to the Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary in connection 
with any Partial Restructuring. 
Other Terms: 
In case of dispute regarding the interpretation of the conditions for Credit-
Linked Notes, guidance shall be sought in the definitions issued by ISDA 
in the "2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" together with all 
from time to time published addendums, protocols, updates and similar 
(the "ISDA Definitions").

--- Page 213 ---
- 211 - 
PART 4: ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS FOR FUND-LINKED NOTES 
The following provisions will apply if stated in the Final Terms. 
"Fund" 
As specified in the Final Terms; 
"Fund Manager" 
Means in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified under 
law or the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements 
and other agreements, applicable to the Fund, including any fund adviser, 
fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Fund Event" 
The Issuer may, in its own discretion, determine that a Fund Event has 
occurred, if any of the following events should occur following the initial 
Observation Date, Observation Start Date, Risk Barrier Observation Date, 
or Initial Valuation Date: 
 
1. 
the Net Asset Value ("NAV") in respect of the Fund is not 
calculated and not published on such a day or in such a way as 
stated in the provisions for the Fund and the terms of the Fund 
and Fund Manager's operations; 
 
2. 
the occurrence of any event or circumstance affecting the Fund 
or the fund units which has (or may potentially have) a negative 
effect on the value of the Fund or the fund units; 
 
3. 
the Fund or the Fund Manager refuses subscription or redemption 
(in whole or partially) of fund units of the Fund on such a day 
when subscription or redemption should be possible in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund and in accordance 
with the terms of the Funds operation; 
 
4. 
the proceeds that the Fund pays out as a result of a redemption 
consists of assets other than cash; 
 
5. 
the Fund or the Fund Manager restricts the ability to subscribe for 
or redeem fund units, introduces or amends fees or any additional 
taxes or other charges arises in connection with subscription or 
redemption after the Initial Observation Date, Observation Start 
Date, initial Risk Barrier Observation Date, or Initial Valuation 
Date; 
 
6. 
a material change of the Reference Assets or the Fund occurs, 
which includes expropriation or similar event, such event 
resulting in the assets being transferred to or taken over by an 
authority or similar institution or organisation, or by other by 
instruction from an authority or similar institution or 
organisation, which has a negative effect on the value of the fund 
units; 
 
7. 
the Fund or the Fund Manager becomes insolvent, negotiations 
are initiated in regard to declaring either the Fund or the Fund 
Manager bankrupt, either the Fund or the Fund Manager seeks or 
becomes subject to winding up, seeks the appointment of an 
administrator, makes a composition or is subject to any similar 
event; 
 
8. 
the Fund or the Fund Manager merges with or into or becomes 
subject to sale (in whole or partially);

--- Page 214 ---
- 212 - 
 
9. 
the Fund breaches any terms applicable to the Fund's operations, 
including its investment guidelines and its constitutive 
documents; 
 
10. 
the Fund or the Fund Manager makes any changes in the terms 
applicable to the Fund's or the Fund Manager's operations such 
as changes in the risk profile of the Fund, changes in regard to the 
right to vote in respect of the fund units, change of the investment 
guidelines of the Fund, change of the denomination of the fund 
units or such other change that is adverse in the Issuer's opinion; 
 
11. 
the Fund breaches any agreements to which it is party or any court 
order or governmental order; 
 
12. 
any change in law, regulation or other set of rules (including tax 
legislation and accounting rules), or resolution is passed by 
governmental agency, court or other body which has a negative 
impact on the Fund or the Fund Manager or the Issuer's 
possibilities to subscribe for or redeem the Reference Asset; 
 
13. 
the Fund, the Fund Manager, the administrator, the account 
operator or the board of directors becomes subject to 
investigation, lawsuit or similar action by an authority or other 
due to breach of relevant legislation or other rules applicable to 
the Fund, the Fund Manager, the administrator, the account 
operator or the board of directors or the relevant license for any 
of these is withdrawn; 
 
14. 
the Fund Manager, the administrator, the account operator or the 
board of directors are replaced; 
 
15. 
any conversion of the Reference Asset into other fund units; 
 
16. 
any compulsory transfer or redemption of fund units occur; 
 
17. 
the Fund experience difficulties, or is not able, to carry out 
investments; 
 
18. 
any change of the derivative instruments of the Fund which has a 
negative effect on the value of the fund units or the possibility of 
the fund to admit redemption; 
 
19. 
the Fund, the Fund Manager or the administrator fails to provide 
such information within such grace period as The Fund, the Fund 
Manager or the administrator has undertaken to provide 
information to any investor; 
 
20. 
any other event or circumstance occurs which, as determined by 
the Issuer, has a negative effect on the application of the 
Conditions of the Notes. 
 
If a Fund Event occurs with respect to one or more Funds which constitutes 
a Reference Asset, the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in 
the calculation of the Redemption Amount, Interest Amount and/or 
compilation of Reference Assets, or to replace the Affected Reference Asset 
with a Replacement Reference Asset which the Issuer thereby deems 
necessary in order to achieve a calculation of the Redemption Amount 
which reflects, and is based on, the manner in which such was previously 
calculated. 
 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace 
the Affected Reference Asset or adjust the applicable calculation or the 
structure of the Reference Asset, the Issuer may either elect to extend the

--- Page 215 ---
- 213 - 
Back Stop Date to such future date as may be determined by the Issuer, or 
perform an early calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or 
Interest Amount and determine the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or 
Interest Amount. Such early calculation shall be based on the most recently 
published value for the Reference Asset. When the Issuer has determined 
the Redemption Amount and/or the yield or Interest Amount, the Issuer 
shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Redemption Amount and the 
yield or Interest Amount and the rate at which interest will continue to 
accrue on the Notes. The Issuer shall pay market interest on the Principal 
Amount. The Redemption Amount (including accrued interest, if 
applicable) shall be paid on the Redemption Date. 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment 
to the Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Fund 
Events.

--- Page 216 ---
- 214 - 
FORMS OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES 
Form of Final Terms for Certain Structured Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 to be admitted 
to trading on an EEA regulated market and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]]; [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); [or]/[;] 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been

--- Page 217 ---
- 215 - 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying 
on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained 
therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of 
any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S.]

--- Page 218 ---
- 216 - 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900OD13047E2L1V03 
Issue of [Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Structured Note Programme 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(a)
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to
Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the
EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or
(b)
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below, provided such
person is one of the persons described in Paragraph 10 of Part B below [and which satisfies
conditions set out therein] and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such
purpose therein.
The Issuer has not authorised, and it does not authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]1 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in relation to such offer. The Issuer has 
not authorised, and it does not authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. The 
expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.]2 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below is valid until and including 16 December 2022. 
The succeeding base prospectus relating to the Programme shall be [made available for viewing 
during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the 
Issuer at Satamaradankatu 
5, 
FI-00020 
Nordea, 
Helsinki, 
Finland 
and 
from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.dk/
www.nordea.fi]]3. 
1 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
2 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Notes is NOT anticipated. 
3  
Include this where the Offer Period will continue after the expiration of the base prospectus under 
which it was commenced, provided that a succeeding base prospectus is approved and published no 
later than the last day of validity of the previous base prospectus.

--- Page 219 ---
- 217 - 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [original base prospectus dated [16 April 2013/20 December 2013/19 
December 2014/18 December 2015/19 December 2016/19 December 2017/18 December 2018/18 
December 2019/18 December 2020] and which are incorporated by reference into the]4 base prospectus 
dated 17 December 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] [which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 5]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation 6] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant 
information. A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] and these 
Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, 
the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland and from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.dk/www.nordea.fi]. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
I. 
GENERAL TERMS 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of series] on 
[[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 61 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert date]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•]/Up to [insert amount]. To be confirmed in the Final 
Terms Confirmation Announcement] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]//Up to [insert amount]. To be confirmed in the 
Final Terms Confirmation Announcement] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
each Note [plus accrued interest from [insert date]]/. 
[The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer on a 
daily basis during the Offer Period (as defined below), 
based on the prevailing market price for the Notes.] 
[The Notes will be issued with an initial Issue Price of 
approximately [   ] per cent on the Issue Date].] 
 
4 
Insert for fungible issues. 
5 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer. 
6 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer.

--- Page 220 ---
- 218 - 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[insert date]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Redemption Date: 
[[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [•]] 
9. 
Base Redemption Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with “[•]” structure as set out in the 
Conditions [•]] 
10. 
Additional Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The 
Additional 
Amount(s) 
will 
be 
added 
to/subtracted from the Base Redemption Amount] 
 
[Alternative 
Additional 
Amount 
Payment Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Minimum Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Maximum Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day] 
 
 
[adjusted/unadjusted] 
14. 
Currency Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Currency Business Day: 
[Other / WM/Reuters/ Not Applicable] 
16. 
Relevant Exchange: 
[[•]/[As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)]] 
17. 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[[Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention/Preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]] 
II. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 18-31 have been intentionally omitted]7 
 
7 
Include where interest provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 221 ---
- 219 - 
18. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate//Indicatively [•] per cent. 
Fixed Rate per annum, to be finally settled after the 
Offer Period and disclosed in the Final Terms 
Confirmation Announcement] 
 
 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[€STR]/[STIBOR]/[
NIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CDOR]/[Nordea 
Own 
Funds 
Rate]/[•] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate]. 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Rate Adjustment] 
 
 
[Coupon Bearing Notes] 
 
 
[Non-Tranched CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Tranched CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Nth to Default CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Nth and Nth + 1 to Default CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Capped Floor Float] 
 
 
[Cap Floor] 
 
 
[Cap Floor Spread] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Range Accrual In/Out] 
 
 
[Knockout Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Binary Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inverse Floater] 
 
 
[Autocallable Rate] 
 
 
[Digital Long] 
 
 
[Digital Short] 
 
 
[Best of/Worst of Digital Long] 
 
 
[Best of/Worst of Digital Short] 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 2] 
 
 
[Digital Podium Long] 
 
 
[Digital Podium Short] 
 
 
[Series of Digitals] 
 
 
[Cash Settled Swaption Straddle] 
 
 
[Power Cap/Floor]

--- Page 222 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
[Compounding Floater] 
 
 
[Lock-In 1] 
 
 
[Lock-In 2] 
 
 
[Snowball] 
 
 
[Accumulator] 
 
 
[Binary Accumulator] 
 
 
[Contingent Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Dual Digital Cap] 
 
 
[Dual Digital Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Cap] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Range] 
 
 
[Inflation Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Inflation Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Inflation Straddle] 
 
 
[Inflation Cap Floor Spread] 
 
 
[ZC Inflation Cap Floor] 
 
 
[Inflation Linker 1] 
 
 
[Inflation Linker 2] 
 
 
[Strip of Call Spreads] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph[s] 
[22/23/24/25/27/28/29/30/31]) 
19. 
Combination of Interest Bases: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Method of Combination: 
[Single 
Basket 
Addition/Multiple 
Basket 
Addition/Alternative Calculation] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Condition(s) 
for 
determination 
of 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Condition [•] will be applicable if Interest Barrier 
Level 1 is not exceeded on [any/the final] Interest 
Determination Date, Condition [•] will be applicable if 
Interest Barrier Level 1 is exceeded on [any/the final] 
Interest Determination Date but Interest Barrier Level 
2 is not exceeded, Condition [•] will be applicable if 
Interest Barrier Level 2 is exceeded on [any/the final] 
Interest Determination Date but Interest Barrier Level 
[•] is not exceeded… Condition [•] will be applicable 
if Interest Barrier Level [•] is exceeded on [any/the 
final] Interest Determination Date/Condition(s) [•] and 
[•] are applicable.] 
 
 
[Condition [•] in respect of Basket A, Condition [•] in 
respect of Basket B etc.]

--- Page 223 ---
- 221 - 
 
• 
[Interest 
Barrier 
Level 1:] 
[•] 
 
• 
[Interest 
Barrier 
Level 2:] 
[•] 
 
• 
[Interest 
Barrier 
Level 3:] 
[•] 
20. 
Method of calculating Basket Return 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Interest 
determination: 
[Basket Long Structure/Basket Short Structure [in 
respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Interest Deferral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. [First Interest 
Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last Interest Payment 
Date to occur on [•].]  
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Interest Amount: 
[•] per Note of [•] Denomination/Not Applicable 
 
(v) 
Details of Irregular Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360]] 
23. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] [in each year] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. [First Interest 
Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last Interest Payment 
Date to occur on [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Issuing Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Interest Base Rate: 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index]/[SOFR 
Compounded 
Index]/[STIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CDOR]/[Nord
ea Own Funds Rate]/[•]]. 
 
(vi) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative 
Designated Maturity 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[short/long/ [initial/final] interest period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date]]

--- Page 224 ---
- 222 - 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of 
the [short/long/ [initial/final] interest period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date]]] 
 
• 
Alternative Maturity 
1 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Alternative Maturity 
2 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(ix)         Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(x)        Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
FRN Participation Ratio: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360]] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[  ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
D: 
[  ][360]  
 
(xvii)          2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
25. 
Inflation-Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (further details specified 
in paragraph 22)/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(further details specified in paragraph 23)]

--- Page 225 ---
- 223 - 
 
(ii) 
Base Index/CPI: 
 
 
• 
Relevant date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant time: 
[•] [a.m./p.m.] 
26. 
Rate Adjustment Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to the adjustment of 
the Interest Rate: 
The Interest Basis will be [•] from [and including/but 
excluding] [•] to [and including/but excluding] the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [•], and [•] from [and 
including/but excluding] the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [•] up to ([and including/but excluding]) the 
Redemption Date.  
27. 
Coupon Bearing Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Valuation Date 1: [•]/ Valuation Date 2: [•]/ Valuation 
Date [•]: [•]/ 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Valuation Date 
Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to 
applicable 
Valuation Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
/[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•] / For:  
Valuation Date 1: [•] 
Valuation Date 2: [•] 
Valuation Date [•]: [•]] 
  
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention]. [First Interest 
Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last Interest Payment 
Date to occur on [•].] [In relation to any Coupon 
payable if the Basket Return is at or [above/below] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] Coupon 
Barrier Level [•]]: [•] [and in relation to any Coupon 
payable if the Basket Return is at or [above/below] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] Coupon 
Barrier Level [•]]:[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Flat Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(v) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]]

--- Page 226 ---
- 224 - 
 
(vi) 
Memory Relevant Coupon(s): 
[Flat Coupon/Memory Coupon/any Coupon/any 
Coupon paid if the Basket Return is at or 
[above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(vii) 
Plus Flat Coupon: 
[Applicable/Applicable if Coupon Barrier Level [•] is 
reached [and Coupon Barrier Level [•] is not 
reached]/Applicable if the Basket Return is at or 
[above/below] Coupon Barrier Level  [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(viii) 
Plus Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(ix) 
First Coupon Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Coupon Rate(s): 
[[•]/[•] in respect of the first Variable Coupon Payment 
Date on which a Coupon is paid if the Basket Return 
is at or above Coupon Barrier Level [•] but below 
Coupon Barrier Level [•]/[•] in relation to the Coupon 
that is paid if the Basket Return is at or above Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] but below Coupon Barrier Level [•] 
on that Interest Payment Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Automatic Coupon Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Basket Rate: 
[Applicable 
– 
Basket 
[Long]/[Short]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Best of/Worst of Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
28. 
CLN Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (further details specified 
in paragraph 22)/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(further details specified in paragraph 23)] 
 
(ii) 
Determination 
Date 
Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Number of Business 
Days: 
[[•]/The Observation Date shall be the relevant Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(iii) 
Weighted Average Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Attachment Point: 
[[•]rounded to the [•] decimal /Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Tranche Detachment Point: 
[[•]rounded to the [•] decimal /Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Recovery Value:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Market Recovery Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to and including 
[•]/Not Applicable/the day falling [•] Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 227 ---
- 225 - 
 
(x) 
Credit Event Ranked Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Credit Event Ranked 
Weight: 
Credit Event (in order of 
occurrence) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
(xi) 
Restructuring Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Replacement 
Reference 
Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Failure to Pay Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Events: 
[[Failure 
to 
Pay/ 
Restructuring/ 
Bankruptcy/ 
Governmental 
Intervention/ 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium/ 
Obligation 
Acceleration]/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Default Requirement: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As set out in Part 3: Additional 
Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes to the Conditions] 
 
(xvii) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Maximum Length of Grace 
Period: 
[[•] Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Extended Redemption Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days after the Grace 
Period Extension Date] 
 
(xx) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Partial Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Digital Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. [First 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last Interest 
Payment Date to occur on [•].]]/Not Applicable] [In 
relation to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]: [•] [and in 
relation to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]:[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 228 ---
- 226 - 
 
(v) 
Coupon 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Basket Strike Level:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s):  
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]/Each Scheduled Trading Day up to and including 
the Interest Determination Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
30. 
Additional Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. [First 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last Interest 
Payment Date to occur on [•].]]/Not Applicable] [In 
relation to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]: [•] [and in 
relation to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return is 
at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]:[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360]] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Rate 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Cap Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Cap Strike 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Cap Strike 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Floor Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Floor Strike 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Floor Strike 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap Value 1: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Cap Value 2: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Floor Value 1: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable]

--- Page 229 ---
- 227 - 
 
(xvi) 
Floor Value 2: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Leverage (Cap) 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Cap) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xviii) Leverage (Cap) 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Cap) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xix) 
Leverage (Floor) 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Floor) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xx) 
Leverage (Floor) 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Floor) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xxi) 
Cap Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Cap Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Cap Strike Upper 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Cap Strike Lower 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Cap Strike Upper 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Cap Strike Lower 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Floor Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Floor Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Floor Strike Upper 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Floor Strike Lower 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Floor Strike Upper 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 230 ---
- 228 - 
 
(xxxii) Floor Strike Lower 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Strike 2 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxviii)W: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxix) X: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Y: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xli) 
Z: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] [The Autocall Condition will be 
satisfied if the Reference Rate [exceeds/equals/is 
below] the Coupon Barrier Level] 
 
(xlvi) 
Minimum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvii) Gearing Payer: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlviii) Gearing Receiver: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlix) 
Payer Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Receiver Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(li) 
Power Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lii) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(liii) 
Flag: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(liv) 
Tenor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lv) 
Gearing Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvi) 
Gearing Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvii) 
Inflation Index: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lviii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Valuation Date 1: [•]; Valuation Date 2: [•]; Valuation 
Date [•]: [•]/ 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 231 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
/[•]] 
 
 
 
 
(lix) 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
31. 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
FX 
Components (Interest) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX Component (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable to the Interest 
Amount(s) determined in accordance with the [•] 
Interest Basis on the following Interest Payment 
Dates: [•]] 
 
• 
FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) (Interest) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
(Interest): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time (Interest): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Factor 
(Interest) 
Long/Short: 
[FX Factor (Interest) Long/FX Factor (Interest) 
Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
III. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
[Items 32 to 40 have been intentionally omitted]8 
32. 
Applicable performance structures: 
["Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["Basket Short" structure] 
 
8 
Insert where additional redemption provisions are marked as Not Applicable.

--- Page 232 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
["Barrier outperformance" structure] 
 
 
["Barrier underperformance" structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Barrier Outperformance" structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Barrier Underperformance" 
structure] 
 
 
["Autocallable Structure Long"] 
 
 
["Autocallable Structure Short"] 
 
 
["Replacement Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Locally Capped Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Rainbow Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Short" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Long" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Long Minimum Redemption" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier Short" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier Long" structure] 
 
 
["Twin Win" structure] 
 
 
["Bonus Booster Short" structure] 
 
 
["Bonus Booster Long" structure] 
 
 
["Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Rainbow Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Convertible" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Convertible Risk Barrier" structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Reverse Convertible" structure] 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 1] 
 
 
[Worst of Call Option] 
 
 
[Outperformance Option [Long against Short/Long 
Against Long]] 
 
 
["Non-Tranched CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Tranched CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Nth to Default CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Nth and Nth + 1 Default CLN" structure]

--- Page 233 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
[Option CLN structure] 
 
 
["Digital Long" structure] 
 
 
["Digital Short" structure] 
 
 
["Worst of Digital Long" structure] 
 
 
["Worst of Digital Short" structure] 
 
 
["Series of Digitals" structure] 
 
 
["Delta 1" structure] 
 
 
["Inflation Linker 2"] 
 
 
["Barrier Outperformance" Structure 2] 
 
 
["Barrier Underperformance" Structure 2] 
 
 
["Target Volatility" Structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier 2" structure] 
 
 
["Autocallable Rate" structure] 
 
 
["In Option – Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["In Option – Basket Short" structure] 
 
 
["Out Option – Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["Out Option – Basket Short" structure] 
["Steepner Booster" structure] 
["Target Redemption Steepner" structure] 
["Plateau Booster" structure] 
33. 
Method of calculating Basket Return 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
applicable 
Performance Structure: 
[Basket Long Structure/Basket Short Structure/ Not 
Applicable] [Basket A: Basket Long/Short Structure] 
[Basket B: Basket Long/Short Structure] 
34. 
Combination of structures: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Method of Combination: 
[Addition/Subtraction/Alternative Calculation] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Amount Basket A: 
[Not Applicable/the [•] structure] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Amount Basket B: 
[Not Applicable/the [•] structure] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant 
Condition(s) 
for 
determination of Redemption 
Amount: 
[Condition [•] will be applicable if Barrier Level 1 is 
not exceeded on [any/the final] Valuation Date, 
Condition [•] will be applicable if Barrier Level 1 is 
exceeded on [any/the final] Valuation Date but Barrier 
Level 2 is not exceeded, Condition [•] will be 
applicable if Barrier Level 2 is exceeded on [any/the 
final] Valuation Date but Barrier Level [•] has not been 
exceeded Condition [•] will be applicable if Barrier 
Level [•] is exceeded on [any/the final] Valuation 
Date/Condition(s) [•] and [•] are applicable and the 
following Performance Percentages shall apply:

--- Page 234 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
Basket 
Performance 
Structure 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
[Basket A/ single 
Basket] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[Basket [•]] 
[•] 
[•] 
35. 
Performance 
structure-related 
items: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Dates and Times 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Initial Valuation 
Date Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation 
Date 
 
 
 [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The relevant Valuation Date(s) for comparing the 
Basket Return to the [Initial Basket Level/Barrier 
Level 1/Barrier Level 2] are:] 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Valuation Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable/ 
Applicable 
to 
Synthetic 
Index 
Return calculation 
only] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable/ 
Applicable 
to 
Synthetic 
Index 
Return calculation 
only] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable/ 
Applicable 
to 
Synthetic 
Index 
Return calculation 
only] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Twin-Win Valuation Date(s): 
[[•] if the Initial Basket Level is reached or exceeded 
on the relevant Valuation Date(s), [•] if Barrier Level 
1 is reached or exceeded on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s), [•] if Barrier Level 2 is reached or exceeded 
on the relevant Valuation Date(s), [•] if Barrier Level 
N is reached or exceeded on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s)/Not Applicable].

--- Page 235 ---
- 233 - 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)/Not 
Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Rebalancing Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Back Stop Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date Averaging: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Observation 
Date(s) 
Reference Asset 
Observation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to 
applicable 
Observation 
Date 
 
 
Observation 
Date 1: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date 2: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date [•]: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Risk 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Risk Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s) 
Reference Asset 
Risk 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to Risk 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
 
 
Observation 
Date 1: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date 2: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date [•]: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
] 
 
Amounts and Values 
 
 
(xi) 
Participation Ratio: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 236 ---
- 234 - 
 
(xii) 
Participation Ratio 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]9 
 
(xiii) 
Participation Ratio 3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Price: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)] 
 
(xv) 
Final Price: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)] 
 
(xvi) 
Basket Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Initial Basket Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]/[•] in respect of Basket A and [•] 
in respect of Basket B 
 
(xviii) Basket Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Minimum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Basket Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Maximum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Reference Asset Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Minimum Reference Asset 
Return: 
[Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Maximum Reference 
Asset Return 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
] 
 
(xxiv) Reference Asset Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Maximum Reference Asset 
Return: 
[Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Maximum Reference 
Asset Return 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
] 
 
(xxvi) Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Risk Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Replacement Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Maximum Performance: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Minimum Performance: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
9 Note, for the Steepner structure this should be expressed as a negative value

--- Page 237 ---
- 235 - 
 
(xxxi) Lock-in Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Locked-in Return(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lock-in Level 
[1/2/3 …n] 
[•] 
 
(xxxii) Global Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Global Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Initial Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Local Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Local Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxviii) Outperformance Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxix) Fixed 
Periodic 
Basket 
Return(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Fixed 
Reference 
Asset 
Return(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xli) 
Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
I: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Inflation-Protected Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Fee Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvii) Rebate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlviii) Target Volatility: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Adjustment 
Threshold: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum Exposure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum Exposure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Annualising Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Second Annualising 
Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
Synthetic 
Index Value: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Synthetic 
Index 
Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
- 236 - 
 
• 
Minimum Synthetic 
Index Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cash Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cash 
Return 
Day 
Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360]] 
 
(xlix) 
In Option – Basket Long: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and In/ Sold Up and In/ Bought Down and 
In/ Sold Down and In] 
 
(l) 
In Option – Basket Short: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and In/ Sold Up and In/ Bought Down and 
In/ Sold Down and In] 
 
(li) 
Out Option – Basket Long: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and Out/ Sold Up and Out/ Bought Down 
and Out/ Sold Down and Out] 
 
(lii) 
Out Option – Basket Short: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and Out/ Sold Up and Out/ Bought Down 
and Out/ Sold Down and Out] 
 
(liii)      Target Redemption Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(liv)    Maximum Differential: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lv)    Minimum Differential: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvi)   Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvii)  Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
36. 
Strategy-related items                 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition [•] only] 
 
(i) 
Best of/Worst of Modifier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
TOM Cumulative Strategy: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM 
Participation 
Ratio: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/ [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360]] 
 
• 
TOM 
Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
TOM End Date: 
[•]

--- Page 239 ---
- 237 - 
 
• 
TOM 
Calculation 
Start Date: 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the first 
Scheduled Trading Day in each calendar month 
 
 
TOM Calculation Start 
Date Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to applicable 
TOM Calculation 
Start Date 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[[•] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the first 
Scheduled Trading 
Day in each calendar 
month /Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM 
Calculation 
End Date: 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days following the first 
Scheduled Trading Day in each calendar month 
 
 
TOM Calculation End 
Date Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to applicable 
TOM Calculation 
End Date 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[[•] Scheduled Trading 
Days following the 
first Scheduled Trading 
Day in each calendar 
month /Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM Final Value 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM Final Value 
Averaging Dates: 
[The TOM Valuation Dates falling on [•] and [•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Final TOM Period 
Performance 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lookback 
Initial 
Price 
Modifier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Lookback 
Final 
Price 
Modifier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period[s]: 
[Not Applicable/The Initial Lookback Observation 
Period will comprise each Scheduled Trading Day 
falling on or after [•]] [and] [the Final Observation 
Period will comprise each Scheduled Trading Day 
falling on or after [•] and on or before [•]]] 
 
(vi) 
Lookback Factor: 
[Minimum 
Asset 
Price/Maximum 
Asset 
Price/Minimum 
Basket 
Price/Maximum 
Basket 
Price/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Lock-in Modifier: 
[Applicable. The relevant Lock-in Levels are specified 
in paragraph 35 above/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Lock-in Basket Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
- 238 - 
 
(ix) 
Running PnL Strategy: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reserve Provision: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Initial Reserve Amount: 
[[•] per cent of the Principal Amount of each Note//Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Reserve Provision End Date: 
[[•]/Maturity/ Not Applicable] 
37. 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
FX 
Components 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
FX Component - Reference 
Asset: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is positive/Applicable if the Basket Return is 
negative] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Factor 
Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(ii) 
FX Component – Additional 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is positive/Applicable if the Basket Return is 
negative] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Additional Amount 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]]

--- Page 241 ---
- 239 - 
 
• 
FX 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Additional Amount 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Factor 
Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(iii) 
FX 
Component 
– 
Base 
Redemption 
Amount 
or 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable to Base Redemption Amount/Applicable 
to Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
[Base Redemption 
Amount/Redemption 
Amount] 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
[Base Redemption 
Amount/Redemption 
Amount] 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Factor 
Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(iv) 
FX Component - Composite: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/

--- Page 242 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•]] 
 
• 
FX 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX 
Factor 
Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
38. 
Provisions relating to Inflation-
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Inflation-Protected Principal: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final CPI: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
39. 
Provisions relating to Credit-Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Observation Start Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Observation End Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Portfolio Exposure: 
[[•] [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Value: 
[[•] [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Market Recovery Value: 
[Applicable/[in 
respect 
of 
Basket 
A/B]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Tranche Attachment Point: 
[[•] rounded to the [•] decimal [in respect of Basket 
A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Tranche Detachment Point: 
[[•] rounded to the [•] decimal [in respect of Basket 
A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Restructuring Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Replacement 
Reference 
Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 243 ---
- 241 - 
 
(xi) 
Failure to Pay Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Default Requirement: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As set out in Part 3: Additional 
Conditions for Credit-Linked Notes to the Conditions] 
 
(xiii) 
Credit Events: 
[Failure 
to 
Pay/ 
Restructuring/ 
Bankruptcy/ 
Governmental 
Intervention/ 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium/ Obligation Acceleration/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Partial Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Length of Grace 
Period: 
[[•] Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Extended Redemption Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days after the Grace 
Period Extension Date] 
 
(xix) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Target Redemption Amount: 
[[•][in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Credit Event Ranked Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Credit Event Ranked 
Weight: 
Credit Event (in order of 
occurrence) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
(xxii) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Factor1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Factor2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Factor3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Factor4: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Strike 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Strike 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Strike 3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Strike 4: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Indicator 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 244 ---
- 242 - 
 
(xxxiv) Indicator 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Indicator 3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Indicator 4: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) Trigger Percentage: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Provisions relating to Fund Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Manager: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Back Stop Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Futures 
Contracts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rolling of Futures Contracts: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Roll Date(s): 
[•] [Any trading day from and including] [the [•] 
Scheduled Trading Day [in the month prior] to the 
expiration of the relevant futures contract] 
IV. 
INSTALMENT 
AND 
EARLY 
REDEMPTION  
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
[Items 41-47 have been intentionally omitted]10 
42. 
Instalment Redemption 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
43. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
44. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
45. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Such percentage per 
Calculation Amount as may be determined by the 
Issuer] 
46. 
Substantial Repurchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
47. 
Early Redemption Date(s) of Notes 
with "Autocallable" or "Autocallable 
Rate" performance structure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Call Barrier Level: 
[[•]/For:  
 
10 Include where instalment and early redemption provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 245 ---
- 243 - 
Observation Date 1: [•] 
Observation Date 2: [•]  
Observation Date [•]: [•]/Not Applicable] 
48. 
Payment of Unwind Amount on Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
V. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DISRUPTION, ADJUSTMENTS AND OTHER 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS. 
49. 
Change in Law: 
[As set out in Condition 9 (Change in Law)/Not 
Applicable] 
50. 
Increased Costs of Hedging: 
[As set out in Condition 10 (Increased Costs of 
Hedging)/Not Applicable] 
51. 
Hedging Disruption: 
[As set out in Condition 11 (Hedging Disruption)/Not 
Applicable] 
52. 
Market Disruption: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions /Not Applicable] 
53. 
Market Disruption Commodity: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
54. 
Disruption Currency: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
55. 
Calculation Adjustment: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
56. 
Corrections: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
• 
[Number 
of 
Exchange 
Business Days: 
[•]/As set out in Part 1: General Conditions to the 
Conditions] 
57. 
Correction Commodity: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
58. 
Correction Currency: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
59. 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
60. 
Rate Option Fall Back:  
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for Certain 
Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
61. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes]

--- Page 246 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure)] 
 
 
[VP Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are VP Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[VPS Notes]: 
 
 
[The Notes are VPS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are Swedish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Finnish Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are Finnish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
62. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
63. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
64. 
Calculation Agent: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
65. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] 
66. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / €STR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / CDOR / insert name of index] is 
provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear][[repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As at the date hereof, 
the European Central Bank is not required to obtain 
authorisation under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] / [Not Applicable]]. 
67. 
Governing Law: 
[English Law/ 
Finnish Law/

--- Page 247 ---
- 245 - 
Swedish Law/ 
Norwegian Law/ 
Danish Law] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin] of the Notes described herein pursuant 
to the €15,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme of Nordea Bank Abp.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 248 ---
- 246 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to the official list and to trading on the [Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic 
Derivatives Exchange] with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the [Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic 
Derivatives Exchange] with effect from [•].] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests) 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used for the general banking and other corporate 
purposes of the Issuer and the Nordea Group.]/ 
[The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to net 
proceeds of the Notes to finance or refinance assets 
that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer 
pursuant to its Green Bond Framework. The Green 
Bond Assets comprise financing within the Green 
Bond Asset Categories which are or have been 
originated by the various business units of the Issuer 
mostly in the Nordic countries.   
The net proceeds of the Notes will not be used 
towards financing nuclear or fossil fuel energy 
operations or operations that are deemed by the 
Issuer to be in the sectors "Weapons and Defence", 
"Coal Mining" or "Tobacco". Additionally, any 
existing financing of customers which are deemed 
not to be eligible in reference to Nordea’s corporate 
customer Environment, Social and Governance 
("ESG") assessment process will not be selected for 
financing or refinancing by the net proceeds of the 
Notes.

--- Page 249 ---
- 247 - 
"Green Bond Asset Categories" means the green 
bond asset categories of the Issuer as set out in its 
Green Bond Framework. 
"Green Bond Framework" means the green bond 
framework of the Issuer dated October 2021 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-
rating/green-bonds).  
For further information in relation to the Notes, 
please see "Green Notes" and "Notes – Overview of 
Key Features – Green Notes" on pages [•] to [•] and 
[•] to [•] of the Base Prospectus.] /  
[Specify alternative purpose if applicable]. 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]/[The net proceeds will be determined on the basis 
of the number of Notes sold during the Offer Period 
multiplied by the relevant Offer Price, net of any 
applicable fees and expenses.] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Indicatively [•] but in no event lower than [•]/[•] per 
cent. per annum] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/CDOR/[•]] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
7. 
[Index-linked 
or 
other 
variable-linked 
notes 
only 
– 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER 
VARIABLE, 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
Need to include details of where information about the past and the future performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge 11] 
 
Basket 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
Basket 
Participation 
Stock 
Exchange 
and Options 
or Futures 
Exchange 
Initial Price 
Strike 
Level 
Source for past 
and future 
performance 
data 
[Basket 
A 
/Single 
Basket] 
[•] 
[Reference 
Asset 1] 
[•] 
[Reference 
Asset 2] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]/ 
[As 
determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions set 
out in the Base 
Prospectus] [•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
11 Required for derivative securities to which Annex 17 to the EU Prospectus Regulation applies.

--- Page 250 ---
- 248 - 
 
[Reference 
Entity 
ISIN 
Regulated 
Market/ 
SME 
Growth 
Market 
Address 
Country 
Industry] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Reference 
Entity(ies) 
/Reference 
Entity(ies) 
(Interest) 
Number of 
existing 
Credit 
Events 
Basket 
Participation 
(Interest)/ 
Basket 
Participation 
Observation 
Start Date 
Observation 
End Date 
Source for 
past and 
future 
performance 
data 
[Basket 
A/Single 
Basket] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
[Option] 
CDS 
CDS 
Maturity 
and 
Convention 
Spread 
CDS Factor 
Reference 
Entities/ 
Index 
Source for 
past and 
future 
performance 
data 
[Option1] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 2] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 3] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 4] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
8. 
FURTHER DETAILS OF BASKET PARTICIPATION 
 
Basket Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixed Basket Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rainbow Basket Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ranking (Best 
performing first) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
• 
Replacement Cliquet Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Momentum 
Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Accumulating 
Rainbow 
Basket 
Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 251 ---
- 249 - 
 
Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixed Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rainbow 
Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ranking (Best 
performing first) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
• 
Replacement Cliquet Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Momentum 
Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Accumulating 
Rainbow 
Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[•]] 
 
Issuer LEI: 
529900OD13047E2L1V03 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] 12  and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
Safekeeper]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
 
12 Insert this text for registered notes.

--- Page 252 ---
- 250 - 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]13 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
Finland / Euroclear Sweden / VP / Euronext VPS / 
SIS 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
[Paying 
Agent(s) 
/ 
VP 
Issuing 
Agent(s) / VPS Paying Agent(s) / 
Finnish Issuing Agent(s)/ Swedish 
Issuing Agent(s)] (if any): 
Not applicable / Give name and address 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable 
(In the case of Registered Notes/VP Notes/VPS 
Notes/Finnish Notes/Swedish Notes) -TEFRA Not 
Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Section 871(m): 
[The Notes are [not] subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] 
 
(iii) 
Public Offer: 
[The Issuer does not consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the 
Notes by any person.]  
 
 
[The Issuer intends to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of the Notes during 
the period from and including [specify date] to and 
including [specify date] (the "Offer Period") in 
[specify relevant Member State(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] ("Public Offer 
Jurisdictions"), but does not consent to the use of 
the Base Prospectus by any person other than the 
Issuer.] 
 
 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the 
Notes during the period from and including [specify 
date] to and including [specify date] (the "Offer 
Period") 
by 
[insert 
names 
of 
financial 
intermediaries] specified in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) – which must be jurisdictions where 
the Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") [and 
subject to the following conditions: [set out clear and 
objective conditions], for so long as they are 
authorised to make such offers under the Markets in 
Financial 
Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 
2014/65/EU), as amended or superseded.] 
 
13 Include this text if "yes" is selected, in which case bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form.

--- Page 253 ---
- 251 - 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable. The Notes will initially be 
created and held by the Issuer for its own account, in 
order that they are available for resale to prospective 
investors from time to time. The Notes will be 
offered for purchase over the relevant securities 
exchange at the price that is the official price quoted 
on the securities exchange from time to time]  
 
Expenses included in the Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[The Issuer reserves its rights to cancel the offer 
under the following circumstances; 
 
 
(a) 
if the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
purchased on or before [insert date] is less 
than [insert amount];  
 
 
(b) 
if the [insert relevant variable] cannot be set 
at [relevant value corresponding to the 
indicated minimum value]; or 
 
 
(c) 
if any event of an economic, financial or 
political nature occurs and which may 
jeopardise a successful offer, as determined 
by the Issuer]. 
 
 
[The Issuer may also replace any Reference Asset 
listed in the table(s) above at any time on or prior to 
[insert date] with a comparable type of underlying 
Reference Asset]. 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/[•]/Prospective investors should 
purchase Notes through an intermediary that is a 
direct or indirect member of the relevant securities 
exchange where the Notes are admitted to trading] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable. [Notes will be offered for purchase 
over the relevant securities exchange and there will 
be no offer for subscription]/[•]/The terms on which 
any subscriptions may be reduced will be determined 
in accordance with the terms and conditions agreed 
between the relevant investor and the relevant 
distributor or Authorised Offeror.] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 254 ---
- 252 - 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable [purchases of Notes will be settled 
in accordance with the standard procedures of the 
relevant settlement system] /[•]/ The Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to settle any application to 
purchase instruments promptly following the 
communication of any order by a distributor or 
Authorised Offeror. Arrangements for the delivery of 
the Notes to investors, and payment of the applicable 
purchase price, will be determined in accordance 
with the procedures agreed between the relevant 
investor and the relevant distributor or Authorised 
Offeror.] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable.] [Following the Offer Period a 
Final Terms Confirmation Announcement will be 
published by the Irish Listing Agent. Notes will be 
made available for sale on a continuing basis and 
therefore may be purchased at any time throughout 
their life and at a variety of different prices 
depending on prevailing market conditions at the 
time of purchase.] [Notes will be made available for 
sale on a continuing basis and therefore may be 
purchased at any time throughout their life and at a 
variety of different prices depending on prevailing 
market conditions at the time of purchase] /[•]] 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]] 
 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and 
whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]] 
 
[Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable. /[•]/ [Notes will be offered for 
purchase over the relevant securities exchange and 
therefore the Issuer will not provide notification of 
allotments] / Notification of allotments will be 
provided by the relevant distributor or Authorised 
Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions 
agreed between the relevant investor and such 
distributor or authorised offeror.]] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[In connection with the issuance of 
this type of notes, the Issuer incurs costs for, among 
other things, production, distribution, licences, 
[stock exchange listing] and risk management. In 
order to cover these costs, the Issuer charges 
production fees. The production fee is included in the 
purchase price charged by the Issuer to the relevant 
purchaser, distributor or Authorised Offeror and will 
amount to a maximum of [  ] per cent ([•] per cent. 
per year), calculated on the price of the Notes]. 
[A distribution fee of up to [  ] per cent: ([  ] per cent. 
per year) calculated on the price of the Notes will be 
paid by the Issuer to the Authorised Offeror. The 
distribution fee is included in the purchase price 
charged by the Issuer.]

--- Page 255 ---
- 253 - 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the Authorised 
Offerors in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
[None/[•]] 
[Address: [[•]] 
 
[DISCLAIMERS]  
[Insert applicable disclaimer text with respect to index providers, in accordance with any applicable licence 
agreement]

--- Page 256 ---
- 254 - 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
[To be inserted.]

--- Page 257 ---
- 255 - 
Form of Final Terms for Certain Structured Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]]; [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); [or]/[;] 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 258 ---
- 256 - 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying 
on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained 
therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of 
any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S.]

--- Page 259 ---
- 257 - 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900OD13047E2L1V03 
Issue of [Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Structured Note Programme 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to such offer. The Issuer has 
not authorised, and it does not authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. The 
expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 260 ---
- 258 - 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [original base prospectus dated [16 April 2013/20 December 2013/19 
December 2014/18 December 2015/19 December 2016/19 December 2017/18 December 2018/18 
December 2019/18 December 2020] and which are incorporated by reference into the]14 base prospectus 
dated 17 December 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] [which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 15]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation 16] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and 
the base prospectus supplement[s]] and these Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business 
hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, FI-
00020 
Nordea, 
Helsinki, 
Finland 
and 
from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.dk/www.nordea.fi]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
I. 
GENERAL TERMS 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Nordea Bank Abp  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of 
series] on [[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
61 below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] / Up to [insert amount]. To be confirmed in the 
Final Terms Confirmation Announcement] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[•] / Up to [insert amount]. To be confirmed in the 
Final Terms Confirmation Announcement] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
each Note [plus accrued interest from [insert date]]/ 
The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer on 
a daily basis during the Offer Period (as defined 
below), based on the prevailing market price for the 
Notes. The Notes will be issued with an initial Issue 
Price of approximately [•] per cent on the Issue 
Date]. 
 
14 Insert for fungible issues. 
15 Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted issuance or third country issuance. 
16 Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted issuance or third country issuance.

--- Page 261 ---
- 259 - 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[insert date]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Redemption Date: 
[[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[•]] 
9. 
Base Redemption Amount: 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable/Redemption 
Amount 
determined in accordance with “[•]” structure as set 
out in the Conditions [•]]] 
10. 
Additional Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Additional Amount(s) will be added 
to/subtracted from the Base Redemption Amount] 
 
[Alternative Additional Amount Payment 
Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Minimum Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Maximum Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day] 
[adjusted/unadjusted] 
14. 
Currency Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Currency Business Day: 
[Other / WM/Reuters/ Not Applicable] 
16. 
Relevant Exchange: 
[[•]/[As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)]] 
17. 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[[Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention/Preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]] 
II. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 18- 31 have been intentionally omitted]17 
 
17 Include where interest provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 262 ---
- 260 - 
18. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate / Indicatively [•] per cent. 
Fixed Rate per annum, to be finally settled after the 
Offer Period and disclosed in the Final Terms 
Confirmation Announcement] 
 
 
[EURIBOR]/[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[€STR]/[STIBOR]
/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CDOR]/[Nordea Own Funds 
Rate] /[•] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate]. 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Rate Adjustment] 
 
 
[Coupon Bearing Notes] 
 
 
[Non-Tranched CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Tranched CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Nth to Default CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Nth and Nth + 1 to Default CLN Interest] 
 
 
[Capped Floor Float] 
 
 
[Cap Floor] 
 
 
[Cap Floor Spread] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Range Accrual In/Out] 
 
 
[Knockout Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Binary Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inverse Floater] 
 
 
[Autocallable Rate] 
 
 
[Autocall Swap] 
 
 
[Digital Long] 
 
 
[Digital Short] 
 
 
[Best of/Worst of Digital Long] 
 
 
[Best of/Worst of Digital Short] 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 2] 
 
 
[Digital Podium Long] 
 
 
[Digital Podium Short] 
 
 
[Series of Digitals] 
 
 
[Cash Settled Swaption Straddle]

--- Page 263 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
[Power Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Compounding Floater] 
 
 
[Lock-In 1] 
 
 
[Lock-In 2] 
 
 
[Snowball] 
 
 
[Accumulator] 
 
 
[Binary Accumulator] 
 
 
[Contingent Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Dual Digital Cap] 
 
 
[Dual Digital Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Cap] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Floor] 
 
 
[Binary Inflation Range] 
 
 
[Inflation Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Inflation Cap/Floor] 
 
 
[Inflation Straddle] 
 
 
[Inflation Cap Floor Spread] 
 
 
[ZC Inflation Cap Floor] 
 
 
[Inflation Linker 1] 
 
 
[Inflation Linker 2] 
 
 
[Strip of Call Spreads] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph[s] 
[22/23/24/25/27/28/29/30/31]) 
19. 
Combination of Interest Bases: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Method of Combination: 
[Single 
Basket 
Addition/Multiple 
Basket 
Addition/Alternative Calculation] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Condition(s) 
for 
determination 
of 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Condition [•] will be applicable if Interest Barrier 
Level 1 is not exceeded on [any/the final] Interest 
Determination Date, Condition [•] will be 
applicable if Interest Barrier Level 1 is exceeded on 
[any/the final] Interest Determination Date but 
Interest Barrier Level 2 is not exceeded, Condition 
[•] will be applicable if Interest Barrier Level 2 is 
exceeded on [any/the final] Interest Determination 
Date but Interest Barrier Level [•] is not exceeded 
Condition [•] will be applicable if Interest Barrier 
Level [•] is exceeded on [any/the final] Interest 
Determination Date/Condition(s) [•] and [•] are 
applicable.]

--- Page 264 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
[Condition [•] in respect of Basket A/Condition [•] 
in respect of Basket B etc.] 
 
• 
[Interest Barrier Level 
1:] 
[•] 
 
• 
[Interest Barrier Level 
2:] 
[•] 
 
• 
[Interest Barrier Level 
3:] 
[•] 
20. 
Method of calculating Basket Return for 
the purposes of Interest determination: 
[Basket Long Structure/Basket Short Structure [in 
respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Interest Deferral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. 
[First Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Interest Amount: 
[•] per Note of [•] Denomination/Not applicable. 
 
(v) 
Details of Irregular Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]] 
23. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] [in each year] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Issuing Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Interest Base Rate: 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/ 
[STIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CDOR]/[Nordea 
Own Funds Rate] /[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Alternative Designated 
Maturity 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Short/Long] [initial/final] interest period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date]]. 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect 
of the [Short/Long] [initial/final] interest period 
from (and including) [date] to (but excluding) 
[date]]. 
 
• 
Alternative Maturity 1 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 265 ---
- 263 - 
 
• 
Alternative Maturity 2 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(ix)     Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(x)     Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
FRN Participation Ratio 
[•] per cent. 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
D: 
[  ][360]  
 
(xvii)       2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
25. 
Inflation-Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (further details 
specified in paragraph 22)/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions (further details specified in paragraph 
23)]  
 
(ii) 
Base Index/CPI: 
 
 
• 
Relevant date: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant time: 
[•] [a.m./p.m.]

--- Page 266 ---
- 264 - 
26. 
Rate Adjustment Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to the adjustment of 
the Interest Rate: 
The Interest Basis will be [•] from [and 
including/but excluding] [•] to [and including/but 
excluding] the Interest Payment Date falling in [•], 
and [•] from [and including/but excluding] the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [•] up to ([and 
including/but excluding]) the Redemption Date.  
27. 
Coupon Bearing Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Valuation Date 1: [•]/ Valuation Date 2: [•]/ 
Valuation Date [•]: [•]/ 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Valuation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation 
Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
/[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•] / For:  
Valuation Date 1: [•] 
Valuation Date 2: [•] 
Valuation Date [•]: [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. 
[First Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] [Last 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].] [In relation 
to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return is at or 
[above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]: [•] [and in 
relation to any Coupon payable if the Basket Return 
is at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]:[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Flat Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier 
Level [•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] [but [below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(v) 
Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier 
Level [•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] [but [below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(vi) 
Memory Relevant Coupon(s): 
[Flat Coupon/Memory Coupon/any Coupon/any 
Coupon paid if the Basket Return is at or

--- Page 267 ---
- 265 - 
[above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(vii) 
Plus Flat Coupon: 
[Applicable/Applicable if Coupon Barrier Level [•] 
is reached [and Coupon Barrier Level [•] is not 
reached]/Applicable if the Basket Return is at or 
[above/below] Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but 
[below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(viii) 
Plus Memory Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] is reached [and Coupon Barrier 
Level [•] is not reached]/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is at or [above/below] Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] [but [below/above] Coupon Barrier Level [•]]] 
 
(ix) 
First Coupon Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Coupon Rate(s): 
[[•]/[•] in respect of the first Variable Coupon 
Payment Date on which a Coupon is paid if the 
Basket Return is at or above Coupon Barrier Level 
[•] but below Coupon Barrier Level [•]/[•] in relation 
to the Coupon that is paid if the Basket Return is at 
or above Coupon Barrier Level [•] but below 
Coupon Barrier Level [•] on that Interest Payment 
Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Automatic Coupon Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Basket Rate: 
[Applicable 
– 
Basket 
[Long]/[Short]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Best of/Worst of Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
28. 
CLN Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions (further details 
specified in paragraph 22)/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions (further details specified in paragraph 
23)] 
 
(ii) 
Determination Date Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Number of Business 
Days: 
[[•]/The Observation Date shall be the relevant 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
(iii) 
Weighted Average Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Attachment Point 
[[•] rounded to the [•] decimal/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Tranche Detachment Point: 
[[•]rounded to the [•] decimal /Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Recovery Value:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Market Recovery Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to and 
including [•]/Not Applicable/the day falling [•] 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 268 ---
- 266 - 
 
(x) 
Credit Event Ranked Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Credit Event Ranked 
Weight: 
Credit Event (in 
order of occurrence) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
(xi) 
Restructuring Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Replacement Reference Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Obligation 
Acceleration 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Failure to Pay Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Events: 
[[Failure to Pay/ Restructuring/ Bankruptcy/ 
Governmental 
Intervention/ 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium/ 
Obligation 
Acceleration]/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Default Requirement: 
[[•]/As set out in Part 3: Additional Conditions for 
Credit-Linked 
Notes 
to 
the 
Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Maximum Length of Grace 
Period: 
[[•] Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Extended Redemption Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days after the Grace 
Period Extension Date] 
 
(xx) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Partial Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Digital Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. 
[First Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].][Last 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].]]/Not 
Applicable] [In relation to any Coupon payable if 
the Basket Return is at or [above/below] Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] Coupon Barrier 
Level [•]]: [•] [and in relation to any Coupon 
payable if the Basket Return is at or [above/below] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•]]:[•]]

--- Page 269 ---
- 267 - 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Coupon 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Basket Strike Level:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s):  
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]/Each Scheduled Trading Day up to 
and including the Interest Determination Date/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
30. 
Additional Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[[•] [in each year][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention]. 
[First Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].][Last 
Interest Payment Date to occur on [•].]]/Not 
Applicable] [In relation to any Coupon payable if 
the Basket Return is at or [above/below] Coupon 
Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] Coupon Barrier 
Level [•]]: [•] [and in relation to any Coupon 
payable if the Basket Return is at or [above/below] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•] [but [below/above] 
Coupon Barrier Level [•]]:[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
(Reference Rate 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Cap Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Cap Strike 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Cap Strike 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Floor Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Floor Strike 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Floor Strike 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 270 ---
- 268 - 
 
(xiii) 
Cap Value 1: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Cap Value 2: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Floor Value 1: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Floor Value 2: 
[1/-1/0/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Leverage (Cap) 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Cap) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xviii) Leverage (Cap) 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Cap) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xix) 
Leverage (Floor) 1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Floor) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xx) 
Leverage (Floor) 2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Interest Period(s) 
Leverage (Floor) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[All Interest Periods] 
[•]] 
 
(xxi) 
Cap Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Cap Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Cap Strike Upper 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Cap Strike Lower 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Cap Strike Upper 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Cap Strike Lower 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Floor Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Floor Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 271 ---
- 269 - 
 
Floor Strike Upper 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Floor Strike Lower 1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Floor Strike Upper 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
Floor Strike Lower 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Strike Upper: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Strike Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Strike 2 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) W: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) X: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Y: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Z: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] [The Autocall Condition will 
be satisfied if the Reference Rate [exceeds/equals/is 
below] the Coupon Barrier Level] 
 
(xxxiv) Minimum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Gearing Payer: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Gearing Receiver: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) Payer Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxviii) Receiver Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxix) Power Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xli) 
Flag: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Tenor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
Gearing Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
Gearing Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Inflation Index: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Valuation Date 1: [•]; Valuation Date 2: [•]; 
Valuation Date [•]: [•]/ 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant

--- Page 272 ---
- 270 - 
to applicable 
Valuation Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
/[•] 
 
 
 
 
(xlvii) Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Asset 
(Interest) 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
31. 
Provisions relating to FX Components 
(Interest) 
 
 
FX Component (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable to the 
Interest Amounts determined in accordance with the 
[•] Interest Basis on the following Interest Payment 
Dates: [•]] 
 
• 
FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) (Interest) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Date(s) (Interest): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
(Interest) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time (Interest): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Factor (Interest) Long/Short: 
[FX Factor (Interest) Long/FX Factor (Interest) 
Short/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate (Interest): 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus]

--- Page 273 ---
- 271 - 
III. 
ADDITIONAL 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
[Items 32 to 40 have been intentionally omitted]18 
32. 
Applicable performance structures: 
["Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["Basket Short" structure] 
 
 
["Barrier outperformance" structure] 
 
 
["Barrier underperformance" structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Barrier Outperformance" 
structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Barrier Underperformance" 
structure] 
 
 
["Autocallable Structure Long"] 
 
 
["Autocallable Structure Short"] 
 
 
["Replacement Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Locally Capped Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Rainbow Basket" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Short" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Long" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Long Minimum Redemption" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier Short" structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier Long" structure] 
 
 
["Twin Win" structure] 
 
 
["Bonus Booster Short" structure] 
 
 
["Bonus Booster Long" structure] 
 
 
["Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Rainbow Replacement Cliquet" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Convertible" structure] 
 
 
["Reverse Convertible Risk Barrier" structure] 
 
 
["Best of/Worst of Reverse Convertible" structure] 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Memory Coupon 1] 
 
18 Insert where additional redemption provisions are marked as Not Applicable.

--- Page 274 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
[Worst of Call Option] 
 
 
[Outperformance Option [Long Against Short/Long 
Against Long]] 
 
 
["Non-Tranched CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Tranched CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Nth to Default CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Nth and Nth + 1 Default CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Option CLN" structure] 
 
 
["Digital Long" structure] 
 
 
["Digital Short" structure] 
 
 
["Worst of Digital Long" structure] 
 
 
["Worst of Digital Short" structure] 
 
 
["Series of Digitals" structure] 
 
 
["Delta 1" structure] 
 
 
[Inflation Linker 2] 
 
 
["Barrier Outperformance" Structure 2] 
 
 
["Barrier Underperformance" Structure 2] 
 
 
["Target Volatility" Structure] 
 
 
["Booster Risk Barrier 2" structure] 
 
 
["Autocallable Rate" structure] 
 
 
["In Option – Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["In Option – Basket Short" structure] 
 
 
["Out Option – Basket Long" structure] 
 
 
["Out Option – Basket Short" structure] 
["Steepner Booster" structure] 
["Target Redemption Steepner" structure] 
["Plateau Booster" structure] 
33. 
Method of calculating Basket Return for 
the purposes of applicable Performance 
Structure: 
[Basket Long Structure/Basket Short Structure/ Not 
Applicable] 
Basket 
A: 
Basket 
Long/Short 
Structure] [Basket B: Basket Long/Short Structure] 
34. 
Combination of structures: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Method of Combination: 
[Addition/Subtraction/Alternative Calculation] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Amount Basket A: 
[Not Applicable/the [•] structure] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Amount Basket B: 
[Not Applicable/the [•] structure]

--- Page 275 ---
- 273 - 
 
(iv) 
(Relevant 
Condition(s) 
for 
determination of Redemption 
Amount: 
[Condition [•] will be applicable if Barrier Level 1 
is not exceeded on [any/the final] Valuation Date, 
Condition [•] will be applicable if Barrier Level 1 is 
exceeded on [any/the final] Valuation Date but 
Barrier Level 2 is not exceeded, Condition [•] will 
be applicable if Barrier Level 2 is exceeded on 
[any/the final] Valuation Date but Barrier Level [•] 
has not been exceeded, Condition [•] will be 
applicable if Barrier Level [•] is exceeded on 
[any/the final] Valuation Date/Condition(s) [•] and 
[•] are applicable and the following Performance 
Percentages shall apply: 
 
 
Basket 
Performance 
Structure 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
[Basket 
A/Single 
Basket] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[Basket [•]] 
[•] 
[•] 
35. 
Performance structure-related items: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Dates and Times 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation 
Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
] 
 
(ii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The relevant Valuation Date(s) for comparing the 
Basket Return to the [Initial Basket Level/Barrier 
Level 1/Barrier Level 2] are:] 
 
 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Valuation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Valuation 
Date 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable/
Applicable 
to Synthetic 
Index Return 
calculation 
only] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable/
Applicable 
to Synthetic 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 276 ---
- 274 - 
Index Return 
calculation 
only] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable/
Applicable 
to Synthetic 
Index Return 
calculation 
only] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Twin-Win Valuation Date(s): 
[•] if the Initial Basket Level is reached or exceeded 
on the relevant Valuation Date(s), [•] if Barrier 
Level 1 is reached or exceeded on the relevant 
Valuation Date(s), [•] if Barrier Level 2 is reached 
or exceeded on the relevant Valuation Date(s), [•] if 
Barrier Level N is reached or exceeded on the 
relevant Valuation Date(s). 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)/Not 
Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Valuation Time 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 1: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time 2: [•] 
 
 
[•] 
Valuation Time [•]: [•] 
 
 
] 
 
(v) 
Rebalancing Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Back Stop Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[[•]/Each day from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date Averaging: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Observation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Observation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to applicable 
Observation 
Date 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date 1: [•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
Observation 
Date 2: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date [•]: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 277 ---
- 275 - 
 
 
] 
 
(x) 
Risk 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Risk Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Asset 
Risk Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
Averaging 
Averaging 
Dates relevant 
to Risk Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
 
 
Observation 
Date 1: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date 2: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Observation 
Date [•]: [•] 
[•] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
] 
 
Amounts and Values 
 
 
(xi) 
Participation Ratio: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Participation Ratio 2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]19 
 
(xiii) 
Participation Ratio 3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Price: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)] 
 
(xv) 
Final Price: 
[[•]/As set out in Condition 1 (Definitions)] 
 
(xvi) 
Initial Basket Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]/[•] in respect of Basket A and 
[•] in respect of Basket B 
 
(xvii) 
Basket Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Basket Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Minimum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Basket Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Maximum Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Reference Asset Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Minimum 
Reference 
Asset 
Return: 
[Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Maximum Reference Asset 
Return 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
] 
 
(xxiv) Reference Asset Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
19 Note for the Steepner structure this should be expressed as a negative value

--- Page 278 ---
- 276 - 
 
(xxv) 
Maximum 
Reference 
Asset 
Return: 
[Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
Minimum Reference Asset 
Return 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
] 
 
(xxvi) Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Risk Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Replacement Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Maximum Performance: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Minimum Performance: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Lock-in Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Locked-in Return(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lock-in Level [1/2/3 … 
n] 
[•] 
 
(xxxii) Global Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Global Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Initial Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Local Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Local Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxviii) Outperformance Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxix) Fixed Periodic Basket Return(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Fixed 
Reference 
Asset 
Return(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xli) 
Coupon Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlii) 
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
I: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Inflation-Protected Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Fee Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvii) Rebate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 279 ---
- 277 - 
 
(xlviii) Target Volatility: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum Adjustment 
Threshold 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum Exposure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum Exposure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Annualising Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Second 
Annualising 
Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial Synthetic Index 
Value 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Synthetic Index Strike 
Level 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Synthetic 
Index Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cash Rate 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Cash Return Day Count 
Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]] 
 
(xlix) 
In Option – Basket Long: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and In/ Sold Up and In/ Bought Down 
and In/ Sold Down and In] 
 
(l) 
In Option – Basket Short: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and In/ Sold Up and In/ Bought Down 
and In/ Sold Down and In] 
 
(li) 
Out Option – Basket Long: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and Out/ Sold Up and Out/ Bought 
Down and Out/ Sold Down and Out] 
 
(lii) 
Out Option – Basket Short: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Option Type: 
[Bought Up and Out/ Sold Up and Out/ Bought 
Down and Out/ Sold Down and Out] 
 
(liii)      Target Redemption Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 280 ---
- 278 - 
 
(liv)    Maximum Differential 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lv)    Minimum Differential 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvi)   Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(lvii)  Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
36. 
Strategy-related items 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Best of/Worst of Modifier 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the 
purposes of Condition [•] only] 
 
• 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
TOM Cumulative Strategy: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM 
Participation 
Ratio: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]] 
 
• 
TOM 
Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
TOM End Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
TOM Calculation Start 
Date: 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days preceding the first 
Scheduled Trading Day in each calendar month 
 
 
TOM Calculation 
Start Date 
Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to applicable 
TOM Calculation Start 
Date 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[[•] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the first 
Scheduled Trading Day 
in each calendar month 
/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM Calculation End 
Date: 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days following the first 
Scheduled Trading Day in each calendar month 
 
 
TOM Calculation 
End Date Averaging 
Averaging Dates 
relevant to applicable 
TOM Calculation End 
Date 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[[•] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the first 
Scheduled Trading Day 
in each calendar month 
/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM 
Final 
Value 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
TOM 
Final 
Value 
Averaging Dates: 
[The TOM Valuation Dates falling on [•] and 
[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 281 ---
- 279 - 
 
• 
Final 
TOM 
Period 
Performance Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lookback Initial Price Modifier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Lookback Final Price Modifier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Lookback Observation Period[s]: 
[Not Applicable/The Initial Lookback Observation 
Period will comprise each Scheduled Trading Day 
falling on or after [•]] [and] [the Final Observation 
Period will comprise each Scheduled Trading Day 
falling on or after [•] and on or before [•]]] 
 
(vi) 
Lookback Factor: 
[Minimum 
Asset 
Price/Maximum 
Asset 
Price/Minimum Basket Price/Maximum Basket 
Price/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Lock-in Modifier: 
[Applicable. The relevant Lock-in Levels are 
specified in paragraph 35 above/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Lock-in Basket Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Running PnL Strategy: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reserve Provision: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Initial Reserve Amount: 
[[•] per cent of the Principal Amount of each 
Note//Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Reserve Provision End Date: 
[[•]/Maturity/ Not Applicable] 
37. 
Provisions relating to FX Components 
 
 
(i) 
FX Component - Reference 
Asset: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if the 
Basket Return is positive/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is negative] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
FX 
Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/ [•]; [•]/ Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 282 ---
- 280 - 
 
• 
FX Factor Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(i) 
FX Component – Additional 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable if the 
Basket Return is positive/Applicable if the Basket 
Return is negative] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
FX 
Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Additional Amount 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Additional Amount 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Factor Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(iii) 
FX 
Component 
– 
Base 
Redemption 
Amount 
or 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable 
to 
Base 
Redemption 
Amount/Applicable to Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
FX 
Valuation 
Date: 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day prior to the Initial 
Valuation Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
[Base Redemption 
Amount/Redemption 
Amount] 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
 [•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/

--- Page 283 ---
- 281 - 
 
 
[Base Redemption 
Amount/Redemption 
Amount] 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•]] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Factor Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(iv) 
FX Component - Composite: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial 
FX 
Valuation 
Date: 
Reference Asset 
Initial FX Valuation 
Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[•]/1 Currency Business Day after the Valuation 
Date/Not Applicable/ 
 
 
Reference Asset 
FX Valuation Date(s) 
 
 
[•] 
 [•] 
 
 
[•] 
 [•] 
 
• 
FX Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
FX Factor Long/Short: 
[FX Factor – Long/FX Factor – Short/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Initial FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
 
• 
Final FX Rate: 
[[•]/As set out in the Base Prospectus] 
38. 
Provisions relating to Inflation-Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Inflation-Protected Principal: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final CPI: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
39. 
Provisions relating to Credit-Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Observation Start Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Observation End Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Portfolio Exposure: 
[[•] [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 284 ---
- 282 - 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Value: 
[[•] [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Market Recovery Value: 
[Applicable [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Tranche Attachment Point: 
[[•] rounded to the [•] decimal [in respect of Basket 
A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Tranche Detachment Point:  
[[•]rounded to the [•] decimal [in respect of Basket 
A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Restructuring Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Replacement Reference Entity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Obligation Acceleration Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Failure to Pay Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Default Requirement: 
[[•]/As set out in Part 3: Additional Conditions for 
Credit-Linked 
Notes 
to 
the 
Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Credit Events: 
[Failure to Pay/ Restructuring/ Bankruptcy/ 
Governmental 
Intervention/ 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium/ 
Obligation 
Acceleration]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Partial Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum 
Length 
of 
Grace 
Period: 
[[•] Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Extended Redemption Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days after the Grace 
Period Extension Date] 
 
(xix) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Target Redemption Amount: 
[[•] [in respect of Basket A/B]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Credit Event Ranked Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Credit 
Event 
Ranked 
Weight: 
 
 
 
 
Credit Event (in order 
of occurrence) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
(xxii) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 285 ---
- 283 - 
 
(xxiv) K: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Factor1: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Factor2: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Factor3: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Factor4: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Strike 1:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Strike 2:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Strike 3:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Strike 4:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Indicator 1:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Indicator 2:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Indicator 3:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Indicator 4:  
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) Trigger Percentage: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Provisions relating to Fund Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Manager: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Back Stop Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Futures 
Contracts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rolling of Futures Contracts: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Roll Date(s): 
[•] [Any trading day from and including] [the [•] 
Scheduled Trading Day [in the month prior] to the 
expiration of the relevant futures contract] 
IV. 
INSTALMENT 
AND 
EARLY 
REDEMPTION  
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 41-47 have been intentionally omitted]20 
42. 
Instalment Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
43. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
20 Include where instalment and early redemption provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 286 ---
- 284 - 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
44. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
45. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Such percentage per 
Calculation Amount as may be determined by the 
Issuer] 
46. 
Substantial Repurchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
47. 
Early Redemption Date(s) of Notes with 
"Autocallable" or "Autocallable Rate" 
performance structure: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Call Barrier Level: 
[[•]/For:  
Observation Date 1: [•] 
Observation Date 2: [•]  
Observation Date [•]: [•]/Not Applicable] 
48. 
Payment of Unwind Amount on Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
V. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DISRUPTION, ADJUSTMENTS AND OTHER 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
49. 
Change in Law: 
[As set out in Condition 9 (Change in Law)/Not 
Applicable] 
50. 
Increased Costs of Hedging: 
[As set out in Condition 10 (Increased Costs of 
Hedging)/Not Applicable] 
51. 
Hedging Disruption: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
11 
(Hedging 
Disruption)/Not Applicable] 
52. 
Market Disruption: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
53. 
Market Disruption Commodity: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
54. 
Disruption Currency: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
55. 
Calculation Adjustment: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 287 ---
- 285 - 
56. 
Corrections: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
[Number of Exchange Business 
Days: 
[•]/As set out in Part 1: General Conditions to the 
Conditions] 
57. 
Correction Commodity: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
58. 
Correction Currency: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
59. 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
60. 
Rate Option Fallback:  
[As set out in Part 2: Additional Conditions for 
Certain Structured Notes to the Conditions/Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
61. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure)] 
 
 
[VP Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are VP Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[VPS Notes]: 
 
 
[The Notes are VPS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are Swedish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form]

--- Page 288 ---
- 286 - 
 
 
[Finnish Notes] 
 
 
[The Notes are Finnish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
62. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
63. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
64. 
Calculation Agent: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
65. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] 
66. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / €STR / STIBOR/ 
NIBOR / CIBOR / CDOR / insert name of index] 
is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
[As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As 
at the date hereof, the European Central Bank is not 
required to obtain authorisation under Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [Not Applicable] 
67. 
Governing Law: 
[English Law/ 
Finnish Law/ 
Swedish Law/ 
Norwegian Law/ 
Danish Law] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin] of the Notes described herein pursuant 
to the €15,000,000,000 Structured Note Programme of Nordea Bank Abp. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 289 ---
- 287 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the official list and to trading on the 
[Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq Copenhagen/Oslo Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange] with effect 
from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the official list and to trading on the 
[Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq Copenhagen/Oslo Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange] with effect 
from [•].] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued have not been rate. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests) 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used for the general banking and other corporate 
purposes of the Issuer and the Nordea Group.]/ 
[The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to net 
proceeds of the Notes to finance or refinance assets 
that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer 
pursuant to its Green Bond Framework. The Green 
Bond Assets comprise financing within the Green 
Bond Asset Categories which are or have been 
originated by the various business units of the Issuer 
mostly in the Nordic countries.   
The net proceeds of the Notes will not be used 
towards financing nuclear or fossil fuel energy 
operations or operations that are deemed by the Issuer 
to be in the sectors "Weapons and Defence", "Coal 
Mining" or "Tobacco". Additionally, any existing 
financing of customers which are deemed not to be 
eligible in reference to Nordea’s corporate customer 
Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
assessment process will not be selected for financing 
or refinancing by the net proceeds of the Notes.

--- Page 290 ---
- 288 - 
"Green Bond Asset Categories" means the green 
bond asset categories of the Issuer as set out in its 
Green Bond Framework. 
"Green Bond Framework" means the green bond 
framework of the Issuer dated October 2021 available 
for 
viewing 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-
rating/green-bonds).  
For further information in relation to the Notes, please 
see "Green Notes" and "Notes – Overview of Key 
Features – Green Notes" on pages [•] to [•] and [•] to 
[•] of the Base Prospectus.] /  
[Specify alternative purpose if applicable].  
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]/[The net proceeds will be determined on the basis 
of the number of Notes sold during the Offer Period 
multiplied by the relevant Offer Price, net of any 
applicable fees and expenses.] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses in 
relation to admission to 
trading:: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Indicatively [•], but in no event lower than [•]//[•] per 
cent. per annum] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/CDOR/[•]] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters].]  
7. 
[Index-linked 
or 
other 
variable-linked 
notes 
only 
– 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
Need to include details of where information about the past and the future performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge21.] 
 
[Basket 
Reference 
Asset(s) 
Basket 
Participation 
Stock 
Exchange and 
Options or 
Futures 
Exchange 
Initial Price 
Strike Level 
Source for past 
and future 
performance 
data] 
[Basket A 
/Single Basket] 
[•] 
[Reference 
Asset 1] 
[•] 
[Reference 
Asset 2] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]/ [As 
determined in 
accordance 
with the 
Conditions set 
out in the Base 
Prospectus] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Reference 
Entity(ies) 
/Reference 
Number of 
existing 
Credit 
Events 
Basket 
Participation 
(Interest)/ 
Basket 
Observation 
Start Date 
Observation 
End Date 
Source for past 
and future 
performance 
data 
 
21 Required for derivative securities to which Annex 17 to the EU Prospectus Regulation applies.

--- Page 291 ---
- 289 - 
Entity(ies) 
(Interest) 
[Basket 
A/Single 
Basket] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Basket B] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
[Reference 
Entity 
ISIN 
Regulated 
Market/ SME 
Growth 
Market 
Address 
Country 
Industry] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Option] 
CDS 
CDS Maturity 
and 
Convention 
Spread 
CDS Factor 
Reference 
Entities/Index 
Source for past 
and future 
performance 
data 
[Option1] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 2] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 3] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Option 4] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information under paragraph 3.1 of Annex 
17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
 
8. 
FURTHER DETAILS OF BASKET PARTICIPATION 
 
Basket Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixed Basket Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rainbow Basket Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ranking (Best 
performing first) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
• 
Replacement Cliquet Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Momentum 
Basket 
Participation (Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Accumulating 
Rainbow 
Basket 
Participation 
(Interest): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Fixed Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 292 ---
- 290 - 
 
• 
Rainbow 
Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ranking (Best 
performing first) 
Weighting 
 
 
1 
[•]% 
 
 
2 
[•]% 
 
 
3 
[•]% 
 
 
N 
[•]% 
 
• 
Replacement Cliquet Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Momentum 
Basket 
Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Accumulating 
Rainbow 
Basket Participation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
Issuer LEI: 
529900OD13047E2L1V03 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] 22  and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes 
 
22 Insert this text for registered notes.

--- Page 293 ---
- 291 - 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
Safekeeper]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]23 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
Finland / Euroclear Sweden / VP / Euronext VPS  
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
[Paying 
Agent(s) 
/ 
VP 
Issuing 
Agent(s) / VPS Paying Agent(s) / 
/Finnish Issuing Agent(s)/ Swedish 
Issuing Agent(s)] (if any): 
Not applicable / Give name and address 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable 
(In the case of Registered Notes/VP Notes/VPS 
Notes/Finnish Notes/Swedish Notes) -TEFRA Not 
Applicable 
 
Section 871(m): 
[The Notes are [not] subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable. The Notes will initially be 
created and held by the Issuer for its own account, in 
order that they are available for resale to prospective 
investors from time to time. The Notes will be 
offered for purchase over the relevant securities 
exchange at the price that is the official price quoted 
on the securities exchange from time to time] 
 
Expenses included in the Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
23 Include this text if "yes" is selected, in which case bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form.

--- Page 294 ---
- 292 - 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[The Issuer reserves its rights to cancel the offer 
under the following circumstances; 
 
 
(a) 
if the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
purchased on or before [insert date] is less 
than [insert amount];  
 
 
(b) 
if the [insert relevant variable] cannot be set 
at [relevant value corresponding to the 
indicated minimum value]; or 
 
 
(c) 
if any event of an economic, financial or 
political nature occurs and which may 
jeopardise a successful offer, as determined 
by the Issuer]. 
 
 
[The Issuer may also replace any Reference Asset 
listed in the table(s) above at any time on or prior to 
[insert date] with a comparable type of underlying 
Reference Asset]. 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/[•]/Prospective investors should 
purchase Notes through an intermediary that is a 
direct or indirect member of the relevant securities 
exchange where the Notes are admitted to trading] 
 
Offer Period: 
[[The Issuer intends to make an offer of the Notes 
from and including [specify date] to and including 
[specify date]/at any time on or prior to the issue of 
the Notes] (the "Offer Period")][Not Applicable]].  
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable. [Notes will be offered for purchase 
over the relevant securities exchange and there will 
be no offer for subscription]/[•]/The terms on which 
any subscriptions may be reduced will be determined 
in accordance with the terms and conditions agreed 
between the relevant investor and the relevant 
distributor or authorised offeror.] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable [purchases of Notes will be settled 
in accordance with the standard procedures of the 
relevant settlement system] /[•]/ The Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to settle any application to 
purchase instruments promptly following the 
communication of any order by a distributor or 
authorised offeror. Arrangements for the delivery of 
the Notes to investors, and payment of the applicable 
purchase price, will be determined in accordance 
with the procedures agreed between the relevant 
investor and the relevant distributor or authorised 
offeror.] 
 
[Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable.] [Notes will be made available for 
sale on a continuing basis and therefore may be 
purchased at any time throughout their life and at a 
variety of different prices depending on prevailing 
market conditions at the time of purchase.]  
 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and 
[Not Applicable/[•]]]

--- Page 295 ---
- 293 - 
whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
 
[Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable./[•]/ [Notes will be offered for 
purchase over the relevant securities exchange and 
therefore the Issuer will not provide notification of 
allotments]/Notification of allotments will be 
provided by the relevant distributor or authorised 
offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions 
agreed between the relevant investor and such 
distributor or authorised offeror]] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place. 
[None/[•]] 
[Address: [[•]] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[In connection with the issuance of 
this type of notes, the Issuer incurs costs for, among 
other things, production, distribution, licences, 
[stock exchange listing] and risk management. In 
order to cover these costs, the Issuer charges a 
production fee. The production fee is included in the 
purchase price charged by the Issuer to the relevant 
purchaser, distributor or authorised offeror and will 
amount to a maximum of [  ] per cent ([  ] per cent 
per year), calculated on the price of the Notes]. 
[A distribution fee of up to [  ] per cent: ([  ] per cent. 
per year) calculated on the price of the Notes will be 
paid by the Issuer to the Authorised Offeror. The 
distribution fee is included in the purchase price 
charged by the Issuer.]

--- Page 296 ---
- 294 - 
THE NORDEA GROUP 
General 
The Nordea Group is the leading bank in the Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) 
measured by total income. The Nordea Group has a large customer base with close to 10 million customers, 
consisting of approximately 9.2 million household customers, 540,000 small and medium-sized corporate 
customers and 2,350 large corporate and institutional customers, in each case as of 31 December 2020. As 
of the same date, the Nordea Group had total assets of EUR 552.2 billion and tier 1 capital of EUR 29.1 
billion, and was the largest Nordic-based asset manager with EUR 353.8 billion in assets under 
management. The Nordea Group's total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 
8,466 million. 
The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to 
household and corporate customers, including financial institutions. The Nordea Group's products and 
services comprise a broad range of household banking services, including mortgages and consumer loans, 
credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of savings, life insurance and pension products. In addition, the 
Nordea Group offers a wide range of corporate banking services, including business loans, cash 
management, payment and account services, risk management products and advisory services, debt and 
equity-related products for liquidity and capital raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, institutional 
asset management services and corporate life and pension products. The Nordea Group also distributes 
general insurance products. With approximately 320 branch office locations, call centres in each of the 
Nordic markets, and a highly competitive net bank, the Nordea Group also has the largest distribution 
network for customers in the Nordic markets. 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, is organised under the laws of Finland and is 
headquartered in Helsinki. Its ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki 
(in euro), Stockholm (in Swedish krona) and Copenhagen (in Danish krone).  
Strategy  
The Nordea Group's strategy is to be a leading Nordic relationship bank. This strategy has three key 
priorities: to drive income growth initiatives, create great customer experiences and optimise operational 
efficiency. The Nordea Group's strategic direction is primarily driven by, and reflective of, the needs of its 
customers and the macroeconomic and regulatory environment in which the Nordea Group and its 
customers operate. Nordea aims to increase the profitability of the Nordea Group in line with the financial 
targets first introduced in October 2019. 
Legal Structure 
Nordea Group 
The following chart sets forth the main legal structure of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 297 ---
- 295 - 
Nordea announced in February 2016 that the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ), together with 
each of the boards of directors of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank 
Norge ASA, had signed cross-border merger plans (together, the "2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans"). In 
March 2016, the general meeting of Nordea Bank AB (publ) approved the 2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans 
that were entered into with the aim to convert Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s Danish, Finnish and Norwegian 
subsidiary banks to branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ) by means of cross-border mergers (the "2017 
Subsidiary Mergers"). The 2017 Subsidiary Mergers took effect on 2 January 2017 under applicable 
national legislation implementing the European Cross Border Mergers Directive (2005/56/EC) and Nordea 
Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank Norge ASA ceased to exist, with their 
operations being carried out in branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ). On 1 October 2016, as part of the 2017 
Subsidiary Mergers process, a new mortgage credit bank (Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc) was established in 
Finland through a demerger of Nordea Bank Finland Plc to continue the covered bond operations conducted 
by Nordea Bank Finland Plc. Nordea believes that the simplified legal structure has strengthened 
governance and supports the Nordea Group's work to increase agility, efficiency and economies of scale. 
In September 2017, the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) decided to initiate the Re-
domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to 
Finland, which is participating in the EU's banking union. The Re-domiciliation was carried out through a 
cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption through which Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent 
company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation, was merged into its wholly owned subsidiary 
Nordea Bank Abp (i.e., the Merger). Nordea Bank Abp was established specifically for the purpose of the 
Merger and became the new parent company of the Nordea Group upon the completion of the Merger on 1 
October 2018. Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the completion of the Merger by way of universal 
succession in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law.  
Overview of the Merger 
The merger plan (the "Merger Plan"), which set out the terms and conditions and related procedures for 
the Merger, was signed by the boards of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp in 
October 2017. Pursuant to the Merger Plan, Nordea Bank AB (publ) was to be merged into Nordea Bank 
Abp through the Merger, which was executed as a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption 
pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 16, Sections 19–28 of the Finnish Companies Act and, as applicable, 
Chapter 2 of the Finnish Commercial Banking Act (Fi: laki liikepankeista ja muista osakeyhtiömuotoisista 
luottolaitoksista (1501/2001)) as well as Chapter 23, Section 36 (with further reference) of the Swedish 
Companies Act and Chapter 10, Sections 18–25 b of the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
Nordea Kredit 
Realkredit-
aktieselskab 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Finland 
Nordea 
Livförsäkring 
Sverige AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Life 
Assurance 
Finland Ltd 
Finland 
Livsforsikrings
selskapet 
Nordea Liv 
Norge AS 
Norway
Nordea Finans 
Danmark A/S 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial i 
Sverige 
Sweden 
Nordea 
Investment 
Management 
AB 
Nordea 
Mortgage Bank 
Plc 
Finland 
Nordea 
Eiendoms- 
kreditt AS 
Norway 
Nordea 
Hypotek AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Finans 
Sverige AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea 
Danmark, 
Filial af 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, Finland 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial i  
Norge 
Norway 
Nordea 
Investment  
Funds S.A. 
Luxembourg 
JSC  
Nordea Bank 
Russia 
 
 
 
Branch – Nordea Bank Abp also operates branches in China, Estonia, 
Poland, Singapore, United Kingdom and United States. 
Legal entity. 
Holding company. 
________________ 
(1) 
In liquidation as of 14 November 2019. 
(2) 
Up to 27 February 2020 named Gjensidige Bank ASA. Nordea Bank Abp and Gjensidige Bank ASA signed a merger plan on 12 June 2019. The remaining business of Nordea Direct Bank ASA 
is expected to be merged into Nordea Bank Abp, subject to regulatory approval, with 1 November 2022 as the target date. 
Nordea Finance 
Finland Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Finans 
Norge AS 
Norway 
LLC 
Promyshlennay
a Kompaniya 
Vestkon 
Russia 
Nordea  
    Bank S.A.(1) 
Luxembourg 
Nordea  
Funds Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Direct 
    Bank ASA(2) 
Norway 
Nordea Direct 
Boligkreditt AS 
Norway 
Nordea Life 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Nordea Asset 
Management 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Swedish branch 
Danish Branch

--- Page 298 ---
- 296 - 
Nordea Bank AB (publ) was automatically dissolved on 1 October 2018, which was the date on which the 
Merger was registered with the Finnish Trade Register (i.e., the Completion Date). For accounting and legal 
purposes, Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the Completion Date by way of universal succession 
in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law and the transactions of Nordea Bank AB 
were treated as being those of Nordea Bank Abp. 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s shareholders received as merger consideration one new share in Nordea Bank 
Abp for each share in Nordea Bank AB (publ) that they owned as of the Completion Date (the "Merger 
Consideration"), meaning that the Merger Consideration was issued to the shareholders of Nordea Bank 
AB (publ) in proportion to their existing shareholding with an exchange ratio of 1:1. 
Closure of Nordea Bank Russia 
In accordance with its strategy, Nordea is focusing on its business in the Nordic region. Consequently, the 
Group has decided to wind down its operations in Russia. On 24 March 2021 the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of JSC Nordea Bank decided to initiate the voluntary liquidation process, which was approved by 
the Central Bank of Russia on 16 April 2021. 
Nordea Group's Organisation 
Overview 
The Nordea Group's organisational structure is built around four main business areas: Personal Banking, 
Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition to the 
business areas, the Nordea Group's organisation includes Group Functions and Other, which covers the 
following seven Group functions: Group Business Support, Group Finance, Group Risk & Compliance, 
Chief of Staff Office, Group Legal, Group People and Group Brand, Communication & Marketing.  
Business Areas  
The following chart sets forth the Nordea Group's organisation as of the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 299 ---
- 297 -

--- Page 300 ---
- 298 - 
Personal Banking 
The Personal Banking business area serves the Nordea Group's household customers through various 
channels offering a full range of financial services and solutions. The Nordea Group's aim is for Personal 
Banking customers to entrust Nordea with all their banking business.  
Within Personal Banking, the Nordea Group operates a multi-channel distribution strategy in the household 
customer segment to ensure that household customers can access the bank where, when and how it suits 
them. The three core channels of Personal Banking's distribution strategy are branches, remote channels 
(e.g., contact centre, e-branches) and digital channels (e.g., internet bank, mobile bank). Through the 
Nordea Group's common customer relationship system, the three distribution channels are integrated so 
that recording of customer interaction in one channel is simultaneously available in all other channels.  
Personal Banking comprises the customer units (Personal Banking Denmark, Personal Banking Finland, 
Personal Banking Norway, Personal Banking Sweden), Products & Development, Consumer Finance & 
Digital Sales, One Digital and Personal Banking COO Organisation. The Products & Development unit is 
responsible for lending and deposit products and related product offerings for household customers. The 
mortgage companies in all four Nordic countries also belong to the Products & Development unit. The 
Consumer Finance unit manages the consumer finance business in collaboration with the country banking 
units and includes digital sales and consumer lending teams. The ambition is to establish new and scale 
existing consumer finance business. One Digital develops and delivers digital services, solutions and 
experiences for all customers within Nordea, even though the unit is anchored in Personal Banking. This 
primarily covers mobile banking, Nordea's netbanks, Nora and Nova, the platform for digital sales, digital 
design and digital customer experience. The Personal Banking COO Organisation provides internal support 
to all Personal Banking units by maintaining and developing the core Personal Banking systems and the 
banking platforms. 
Business Banking 
Business Banking (up to December 2019 named Commercial & Business Banking) serves, advises and 
partners with corporate customers, covering all their business needs through a full range of services, 
including payments, cash management, cards, working capital management and finance solutions. The 
customers of the business area are serviced out of physical and online branches across the Nordic region. 
In the second quarter of 2018, Nordea merged the divisions Commercial Banking and Business Banking 
into one customer responsible division, Nordea Business Banking. Nordea Business Banking is the 
customer responsible unit within Business Banking serving small and mid- to large corporate customers. 
The customers serviced by Business Banking are small, mid-sized and large corporates, with a range of 
different needs. Therefore, the customer base is segmented into two main customer clusters such that each 
segment has similar business needs. Business Banking's organisation is divided into the following parts: 
Business Banking Denmark, Business Banking Finland, Business Banking Norway, Business Banking 
Sweden, Transaction Banking, Nordea Finance and the Business Banking COO Organisation.  
Transaction organisation provides services to all personal and corporate customers across the Nordic region. 
Services include payments, cash management, cards, mobile payments, trade finance, point of sale 
financing, and working capital management. Nordea Finance provides sales financing, equipment 
investment financing and asset-based financing solutions to customers. The Business Banking COO 
Organisation has the responsibility across a number of key functions, service development, data 
management and operations that support Business Banking, Transaction Banking and Nordea Finance.  
The primary strategic objective of Business Banking is to transform the way it services customers in order 
to remain relevant to them, while at the same time structuring the Nordea Group's operations in a way that 
generates cost efficiencies and quality gains. To achieve this objective, the strategic focus areas of Business 
Banking support existing targets and strategies, including (i) best-in-class advisory – tailored to customer 
needs and preferences; (ii) best-in-class digital experience – anywhere and anytime; (iii) efficiency and 
scale – one Nordic model; and (iv) future capabilities in a disruptive market – sustainable competitiveness.

--- Page 301 ---
- 299 - 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
Large Corporates & Institutions (up to December 2019 named Wholesale Banking) provides financial 
solutions to large Nordic and international corporate and institutional customers. The offering includes a 
diverse range of financing, cash management and payment services, investment banking, capital markets 
products and securities services. The Large Corporates & Institutions business area includes the business 
units Large Corporates & Institutions in each of the four Nordic countries ("LC&I"), Private Equity & 
International Institutions, Investment Banking & Equities, Markets, as well as Balance Sheet & Portfolio 
Management, International Division & Russia, and Large Corporates & Institutions COO Organisation. 
By combining the entire value chain from customer units through product units to operations, Large 
Corporates & Institutions can leverage from the scale and quality of its franchise and create great customer 
experiences for Nordic as well as designated international customers. Value-adding solutions provide the 
Nordea Group's customers with access to financing in the capital markets and with tailored financial tools 
to optimise their business and manage their risks.  
Large Corporates & Institutions is a customer-responsible organisation serving the largest corporate and 
institutional customers and offers a full range of banking services, providing customers with integrated 
advisory and competitive financial solutions within mergers and acquisitions, equity capital markets, debt 
capital markets, cash management, leveraged finance, project finance, export and trade finance and custody 
services. Large Corporates & Institutions performs client coordination and loan coverage through four units, 
covering each of the Nordic countries (LC&I Denmark, LC&I Finland, LC&I Norway and LC&I Sweden) 
as well as through the unit Private Equity & International Institutions. The LC&I units serve corporate and 
institutional customers with a strong customer centric focus through the Nordea Group's Large Corporates 
& Institutions Customer Service Model. LC&I Norway also services the shipping, offshore, oil services, 
and cruise and ferries industries globally.  
Private Equity & International Institutions operates cross Nordic and serves customers within leverage 
finance and custody and also international institutions. Investment Banking & Equities offers a full range 
of banking services, providing customers with integrated advisory and competitive financial solutions 
within i a mergers & acquisitions, equity capital markets, debt capital markets, cash management, project 
finance, export & trade finance and custody services. 
Markets covers all product areas within fixed income and currencies (foreign exchange and derivatives) in 
which Markets specialists advise customers or execute customer trades. Sales and distribution of fixed 
income and foreign exchange and associated derivatives. The unit is also responsible for the Nordea Group's 
institutional clients. Markets provides fixed income products, currency products and other risk management 
products including intermediation of credit and capital.  
The International Division & Russia includes the Nordea branches in New York, London, Singapore and 
Shanghai as well as Nordea Bank in Russia and the International Credit Desk. The division offers a 
comprehensive range of products and services to Corporates, Institutions & Investment Banking customers 
and Business Banking customers. In accordance with its strategy that focuses on core customers from the 
Nordic region, Nordea is winding down its Singapore operations and closed its Singapore branch during 
the second quarter of 2021.  
Asset & Wealth Management 
Asset & Wealth Management provides investment, savings and risk management solutions to high net 
worth individuals and institutional investors and delivers savings solutions to all Nordea customer segments. 
The results of the Nordea Group's asset and wealth management operations were reported under the 
business area Wealth Management up to the second quarter of 2018, after which the Nordea Group 
reorganised the business area and renamed it Asset & Wealth Management. Asset & Wealth Management 
consists of the following units: Asset Management, Wealth Management, Life & Pension, Investment 
Centre, Digital Wealth and COO and Funds. 
Asset Management, which is responsible for actively managed investment funds and discretionary 
mandates for institutional clients. The division includes units Fixed Income & Equities, Multi Asset, 
Operations & Technology, Product Office, Institutional & Wholesale Distribution, Finance, Governance 
and Management Support.

--- Page 302 ---
- 300 - 
Wealth Management is organised in four units, one in each Nordic country, which each includes Private 
Banking units and Investment and Securities Advisory units and provides customers with private banking 
services and investment advice from over 60 branches in the Nordic region. The Nordea Group operates its 
Private Banking business through an integrated model with Personal Banking. The Nordea Group believes 
that this integrated operating model enables it to fully leverage the distribution capabilities and customer 
base of the whole Group as well as to utilise the investment and product development competencies in 
Nordea. In addition to its Nordic Private Banking operations, the Nordea Group engages in International 
Private Banking operations that are targeted to both customers of a Nordic origin domiciled outside the 
Nordic region and international customers of non-Nordic origin. In January 2018, Nordea announced that 
it had entered into an agreement with UBS Europe regarding the acquisition by UBS Europe of part of 
Nordea's Luxembourg-based private banking business and its integration onto UBS Europe's advisory 
platform. Assets under management for the divested private banking business as of 31 December 2017 
amounted to EUR 13 billion. On 15 October 2018, Nordea announced that the transaction had been 
completed. 
Life & Pension serves both the individual and the corporate customers segments with traditional as well as 
unit-linked products and providing life insurance, pensions products and services, Nordea Funds providing 
funds to the Nordea distribution network and Digital Wealth responsible for developing digital savings 
offerings. Life & Pension is an insurance group and a leading provider of life insurance, pension products 
and services in eight countries in Europe. Life & Pension serves both the individual and corporate segments 
with traditional as well as unit-linked products. The customers are served through banking branches, Life 
& Pension's own sales force or via tied agents, brokers and to a small extent other financial institutions. 
The operations are conducted through legal entities, most of which are wholly owned by Nordea Life 
Holding AB. 
Investment Center supports all customer segments in Nordea with advisory concepts, asset allocation, 
product portfolios, processes, tools and savings support.  Digital Wealth supports the customer responsible 
units in developing and running the savings business efficiently and with an omni-channel approach. 
Asset & Wealth Management COO and Funds aims to secure efficient operations and solutions for Asset 
& Wealth Management with an even stronger focus on customers and business, including within business 
risk management. This is conducted by Asset & Wealth Management COO as a key interface between the 
supporting group function units and operation units in Asset & Wealth Management.  
Group Functions  
Group Business Support  
Group Business Support provides the business areas with the services, data and technology infrastructure, 
and three largest processes (lending operations, credit process and anti-money laundering processes needed) 
and drives optimisation of operational efficiencies. Group Business Support, includes the units Technology, 
Group Data Management Office, Operations, the Core Banking Platform, Group Architecture, Group Credit 
Management and Group Financial Crime Prevention and Group Workplace Management. The organisation 
is responsible for ensuring one operating model at Nordea by harmonising processes and services in 
accordance with the Nordea Group's priorities to leverage commonalities and realise synergies. 
Group Finance 
Group Finance comprises Nordea's main financial management units that aim to drive financial 
performance management, provide high-quality and efficient financial reporting and planning across the 
Group, including financial and business control and analysis, to meet business needs and regulatory 
requirements. Group Finance works to secure optimisation and prudent management of funding, capital, 
liquidity and market risks in the banking book as well as one operating model and operational excellence 
across the Nordea Group in the finance processes. Group Finance provides the Nordea Group with Group 
asset and liability management, treasury operations, Group-wide reporting, controlling and procurement 
services and with strategic frameworks to all areas of the bank. Group Finance includes. Among others, 
Group Treasury & ALM, Investor Relations and the financial reporting, accounting and financial 
management units.

--- Page 303 ---
- 301 - 
Group Risk & Compliance  
Group Risk & Compliance are the second line of defence responsible for maintaining the Nordea Group's 
internal control framework, including its implementation across the Nordea Group. Group Risk & 
Compliance surveys the flow of risk related information from the business areas and the Group functions 
to the board of directors passes through the Nordea Group's Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee. 
Reporting from Group Compliance is presented directly to the board of directors as well as discussed in the 
Board Operations and Sustainability Committee.  
Group Compliance consists of central units as well as business area specific divisions, facilitating and 
overseeing the effectiveness and integrity of Nordea's compliance risk management. Group Compliance 
advises and supports the first line of defence on ways to effectively and efficiently manage compliance 
obligations.  
Group People, Group Legal and Group Brand, Communication & Marketing 
Group People provides strategic partnering, support and service in all people matters. Group Legal provides 
legal services and advice applying Nordic rules and regulations in core legal areas as well as directly 
applicable EU rules in the corresponding areas. Group Brand, Communication & Marketing consists of the 
units Group Communication, Group Marketing and Group Brand and provides services in the areas of 
communication, marketing and branding. 
Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of business, the Nordea Group and the Issuer are subject to threatened or actual 
legal- and administrative proceedings and regulatory reviews and investigations, including proceedings in 
which the Nordea Group or the Issuer, as the case may be, is acting as plaintiff seeking to recover unpaid 
debts owed by defaulting borrowers and other customers, or as respondent in other cases. For example, in 
June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark 
A/S with applicable anti-money laundering regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the 
matter was, in accordance with Danish administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. The Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in 
anti-money laundering processes and, consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing 
anti-money laundering related matters in 2019. The Nordea Group and the Issuer are also subject to 
administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. These types of claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can be difficult to predict, expose the Nordea Group 
and/or the Issuer to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs) direct or indirect 
financial losses, disputes, litigation, civil and criminal penalties and other sanctions, loss of licences or 
authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities, as well as the potential 
for regulatory restrictions on its businesses. See also "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Legal and regulatory claims arise in the 
conduct of the Nordea Group's business". As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has 
not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer and none of the governmental, administrative, legal or arbitration 
proceedings to which the Nordea Group is party (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the board of directors of the Issuer is aware) have had in the previous 12 months or are 
considered likely to have any significant adverse effect on the Nordea Group or its financial position. 
Capital Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations  
General 
As a result of the global financial crisis that extended from August 2007 through the early part of 2009, and 
following a review of the existing regulatory framework, a number of initiatives aimed at tightening the 
regulatory standards applicable to financial institutions, in particular those deemed to be systemically 
important, were introduced. One of the most important regulatory initiatives following the crisis was Basel 
III, which was a comprehensive proposal by the BCBS for reforms to the regulatory capital and liquidity 
framework for internationally active banks. The Basel III framework was transposed into law in the EU by 
way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the CRR. The CRR currently applies in all EU Member

--- Page 304 ---
- 302 - 
States without further national implementation.  Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements 
Directive entered into force in 2014.  
On 7 June 2019, the banking package that comprises of revisions to CRR, the Capital Requirements 
Directive, SRM Regulation as well as BRRD was published in the Official Journal. The banking package 
also included (i) the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and (ii) phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital 
impact of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" and the ongoing interaction of "IFRS 9 – Financial 
Instruments" with the regulatory framework. The banking package covers multiple areas, including the 
pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for MREL and the integration of 
the FSB TLAC standard into EU legislation. The initial elements entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
Subject to several exceptions, the main elements of the Capital Requirements Directive became applicable 
on 29 December 2020 and the main elements of CRR II (as defined below) will become applicable on 28 
June 2021. The Finnish national transposition of the Capital Requirements Directive amendments entered 
into force on 1 April 2021. On 26 June 2020, a so-called CRR "quick fix" was implemented with the 
intention to ensure that banks can continue to lend money to support the economy and help mitigate the 
significant economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. The package includes selected targeted 
amendments to the CRR with the intention to maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related 
to the coronavirus pandemic. Among the changes, the quick fix implemented the extended SME factor and 
the changed treatment of software at an earlier date then earlier decided. The Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
created a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt and has been implemented as a matter of domestic 
law in Finland primarily through the introduction of updates to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions that 
took effect as of 15 November 2018 and that regulate, among others, the ranking of "non-preferred" senior 
debt in the bankruptcy of a credit institution. 
Capital Requirements 
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8.0 per cent. 
of the REA and, under Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (the "CRR II"), institutions are also subject to a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. from the 
second quarter of 2021 to be met with tier 1 capital. In addition to this minimum requirement, supervisors 
may add extra capital to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD) 
and the Nordea Group may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital. The Capital Requirements 
Directive also imposes capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital requirement 
and required to be met with common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The Capital Requirements Directive 
imposes certain restrictions, among others, on institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement, 
as described in further detail below. 
The Nordea Group is identified as an Other Systemically Important Institution ("O-SII"). Pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: laki luottolaitostoiminnasta (610/2014)) (the "Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions"), the buffer is to be set at a level between 0 per cent. and 3 per cent. for O-SIIs. Furthermore, 
a systemic risk buffer within the meaning of Article 133 of the Capital Requirements Directive has been 
implemented into Finnish law through amendments to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions pursuant to 
which the FFSA may impose a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent. to 5 per cent. on Finnish credit institutions 
which has been applicable since 1 January 2019. A buffer requirement in excess of 3 per cent. requires the 
approval of the European Commission. 
On 29 June 2018, the FFSA decided to activate the systemic risk buffer in Finland. Under CRD IV, only 
the higher of the systemic risk buffer and O-SII buffer was applicable, but with the implementation of CRD 
V the systemic risk buffer is additive with the O-SII. The systemic risk buffer requirement was set by the 
FFSA at 3 per cent. for the Nordea Group to be met by common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital and was 
applicable from 1 July 2019. However, on 6 April 2020 the Board of the FFSA decided to remove the 
systemic risk buffer and to adjust bank-specific requirements so that the buffer requirements for all Finnish 
banks fell by 1 percentage point as a response to the coronavirus pandemic. As a result, the 3 per cent. 
systemic risk buffer for the Nordea Group was removed and instead the 2 per cent. O-SII buffer became 
applicable. The O-SII buffer for the Nordea Group is set at 2 per cent. to be met by common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital and has been applicable from 1 January 2019. The Nordea Group's leverage ratio 
requirement is 3 per cent. 
The ECB can also assess the adequacy of the systemic risk buffer set by the FFSA and, should the ECB at 
a later stage consider this buffer not to be adequate, it may set a higher systemic risk buffer requirement.

--- Page 305 ---
- 303 - 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the Capital Requirements Directive (the "Article 141 
Restrictions"), EU Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the countercyclical capital buffer, 
the institution specific countercyclical buffer, the systemic risk buffer and the higher of (depending on the 
institution) the O-SII or G-SII buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be subject to 
restricted "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly as payments relating to common equity tier 
1 (CET1) capital, variable remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain 
circumstances, including a shortfall in meeting its capital buffer requirements or, following full 
implementation of the banking package, a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities. 
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most 
recent decision on distribution of profits or "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a MDA 
for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary 
payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend 
payments on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Nordea will, similar to all other banks supervised by the SSM, be allocated pillar 2 add-ons that are split 
between a pillar 2 requirement and pillar 2 guidance. The level of both of these add-ons will be 
communicated by the ECB and the FFSA as part of the formal Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP") by the EU Supervisory College process. On 23 November 2020, Nordea received the results of 
the most recent SREP which confirmed that its pillar 2 requirement of 1.75 per cent. as decided in the SREP 
from 10 December 2019 will remain applicable going forward. On 12 March 2020, the ECB decided to 
amend the composition of the pillar 2 requirement so that it may be met with 56.25 per cent. CET1 and 75 
per cent. Tier 1, as a minimum. This implies a common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement of 
approximately 10.2 per cent., including a minimum common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement of 
4.5 per cent., a pillar 2 requirement of approximately 1.0 per cent., a capital conservation buffer of 
2.5 per cent., a buffer for other systemically important institutions of 2 per cent. and a countercyclical 
buffer of approximately 0.2 per cent.    
Under the banking package, a firm will be deemed not to have met its combined buffer requirement, and 
will become subject to the Article 141 Restrictions, where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities 
in an amount and quality to meet: (i) its combined buffer requirement, (ii) its 4.5 per cent. pillar 1 common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement, (iii) its 6.0 per cent. pillar 1 tier 1 capital requirement, (iv) its 8.0 
per cent. pillar 1 capital requirement, and (v) its MREL requirements. Separately, the banking package also 
states that where an institution fails to meet or exceed its combined buffer requirement, in making 
distributions within the MDA, it must not make distributions relating to common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital or variable remuneration payments before having made payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Additionally, under the banking package, a new Article 141a is introduced to better clarify, for the purposes 
of restrictions on distributions, the relationship between the additional own funds requirements, the 
minimum own funds requirements and the combined buffer requirement (the so-called "stacking order"), 
with Article 141 of the Capital Requirements Directive to be amended to reflect the stacking order in the 
calculation of the MDA. Under this new provision, an institution such as Nordea will be considered as 
failing to meet the combined buffer requirement for the purposes of Article 141 of the Capital Requirements 
Directive where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities in an amount and of the quality needed 
to meet at the same time the requirement defined in Article 128(6) of the Capital Requirements Directive 
(i.e., the combined buffer requirement) as well as each of the minimum own funds requirements and the 
additional own funds requirements. In addition, the new Article 16a of the BRRD is introduced to better 
clarify the stacking order between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement. Pursuant 
to this new provision, a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more 
than the MDA for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 
16a(4) of the BRRD) where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement are not met. The 
initial elements of the revisions to the Capital Requirements Directive and the BRRD entered into force on 
27 June 2019. The majority of the amendments were applicable from 18 months after that date, although 
the amendments relating to Article 141b, Article 141c and Article 142(1) of the Capital Requirements 
Directive apply from 1 January 2022.

--- Page 306 ---
- 304 - 
Measures Related to Finalisation of Basel III 
On 7 December 2017, the BCBS announced that its oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors 
and Heads of Supervision, had endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms proposed 
by the BCBS. As part of the reform process, the BCBS conducted a review of the standardised approaches 
and internal models of the capital requirement frameworks for credit and operational risk with a view to, 
among other things, reducing mechanistic reliance on external ratings. In addition, the role of internal 
models was reviewed by the BCBS with the aim of improving comparability and addressing excessive 
variability in the capital requirements for credit risk. The BCBS also worked on the design of a capital floor 
framework based on the revised standardised approaches for all risk types. This framework has replaced 
the capital floor for credit institutions using internal models, which was based on the Basel I standard. The 
BCBS also calibrated the floor alongside its other work on revising the risk-based capital framework. In 
addition, the BCBS also conducted a review of trading book capital standards, resulting in new minimum 
capital requirements for market risk. The revised standards, which require implementation in the EU prior 
to being applicable to the Nordea Group, were initially intended to effect from 1 January 2022 with the 
capital floor being phased in over five years. On 27 March 2020 it was announced that the revised standards 
would be deferred for one year and will therefore start to take effect from 1 January 2023 with a five year 
phase-in for the capital floor. The CRR II does not include the changes to the finalised Basel III as 
announced by BCBS in December 2017, however, the revised market risk framework, as agreed by the 
BCBS in 2016 has been included in the CRR II. The market risk framework has been revised by the BCBS 
in January 2019 and the full market risk framework is, therefore, expected to be implemented with the other 
BCBS changes at a later stage.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal to implement the finalisation of Basel 
III into EU regulations, which suggests amendments to the CRR and CRD, i.e. CRR3 and CRD6. The 
proposal is that CRR3 should be implemented from 1 January 2025, with the output floor being phased-in 
until 2030. The proposal is now subject to negotiations between the European Commission, the European 
Council and the European Parliament before the amended regulations are finalised. 
Given the various regulatory initiatives that are ongoing, it is currently not possible to determine the impact 
on the potential future capital requirements and how they will affect the capital position and capital 
requirements for Nordea or the Nordea Group. Similarly, as of the date of this Base Prospectus it is not 
known when the changes to the finalised Basel III will be implemented and take effect in the EU. 
SRM 
As a result of the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, the 
SRM Regulation is applicable to the Nordea Group. The SRM Regulation establishes the SRB that has 
resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the 
national authorities as the relevant resolution authority with respect to such institutions. Where the SRB 
performs its duties and exercises powers under the SRM Regulation, the SRB is considered to operate as 
the relevant authority under the BRRD. The SRB will prepare and adopt a resolution plan for the entities 
subject to its powers, including the Nordea Group. It will also determine, after consulting competent 
authorities including the ECB, an MREL requirement subject to write-down and conversion powers which 
Nordea will be required to meet at all times. The default MREL requirement consists of two elements: (i) 
a default loss-absorption amount, which reflects the losses that the bank will incur in resolution, and (ii) a 
recapitalisation amount, which reflects the capital needed to meet ongoing prudential requirements after 
resolution. The latter component is complemented by a market confidence charge necessary to ensure 
market confidence post-resolution. Both elements are based on the bank's capital requirements using the 
supervisory data of the previous year. The SRB also expects larger EU banks to meet a minimum 
subordination requirement. G-SIIs are required to meet a minimum subordination level equal to 16 per cent. 
of REA plus the combined buffer requirement, pending further assessment by the SRB of NCWOL risks 
and the final implementation of the banking package. The banking package currently prescribes a minimum 
subordination requirement of 8.0 per cent. of total liabilities (including own funds) subject to a discretion 
for the relevant resolution authority to agree a lower threshold in certain circumstances. The SRB also 
intends to issue targets for loss-absorbing capacity to individual subsidiaries within a banking group. 
In order to improve resolvability, the SRB assesses NCWOL risks and can address such risks by setting a 
potential bank-specific add-on for the subordination requirement. The subordination requirement should 
generally be met by own funds and subordinated MREL eligible liabilities. According to the SRB's MREL 
policy first published on 16 January 2019, subordination levels will be set based on a combination of a

--- Page 307 ---
- 305 - 
general level, applicable buffer requirements and a metric, taking account of the bank specific nature of the 
assessment of NCWOL risk in the senior layer. A floor of 14 per cent. of REA plus the combined buffer 
requirement will apply for O-SIIs. As an O-SII, the Nordea Group is subject to the SRB subordination 
requirement. 
As part of the SRM, the EU-wide SRF managed by the SRB was established. The SRF commenced its 
operations as of 1 January 2016. The SRF is a pool of funds provided by the banking sector which will be 
set up to ensure that medium-term funding support is available while a credit institution is being 
restructured. The SRB can use the SRF only for the purpose of ensuring the efficient application of the 
resolution tools and exercise of the resolution powers referred to in the SRM Regulation and in accordance 
with the resolution objectives and the principles governing the resolution referred to in the SRM Regulation. 
The budget of the EU or the national budgets cannot be used to cover expenses or losses of the SRF. Banks, 
including Nordea, will have to make annual contributions to the SRF. The SRM Regulation lays down the 
basic rules on how to calculate the contributions of individual banks to the SRF. 
Capital Adequacy  
The Nordea Group needs to keep sufficient capital to cover all risks taken (required capital) over a 
foreseeable future. In order to do this, the Nordea Group strives to attain efficient use of capital through 
active management of the balance sheet with respect to different asset, liability and risk categories.  
The Nordea Group uses a variety of capital measurements and capital ratios to manage its capital. The 
Nordea Group calculates its regulatory capital requirements under the CRD framework. The Nordea Group 
is approved by the financial supervisory authorities to use the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach when 
calculating the capital requirements for the main part of its credit portfolio. The Nordea Group uses the 
Foundation IRB approach to calculate own funds requirements for exposures towards institutional 
customers. Institutions constituted 5 per cent. of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 
2020. For exposures towards corporate customers, the Nordea Group’s main approach to calculate own 
funds requirement is the Advanced IRB approach, with minor parts of the portfolio subject to the 
Foundation IRB approach or standardised approach. The Advanced IRB approach covers banking and 
mortgage exposures in general in the Nordic countries and the international units. Foundation IRB used for 
derivatives and securities lending exposures as well as exposures towards finance companies. Standardised 
approach is used for sovereign and equity exposures as well as a small segment of non-profit organisation 
customers in Denmark. Exposures to corporates includes exposures towards rated small and medium-sized 
enterprises and specialised lending. Corporate Advanced IRB and Foundation IRB represented 67 per cent. 
and 6 per cent. of total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA), respectively, at the end of 2020. The Nordea 
Group uses the Advanced IRB approach to calculate own funds requirements for banking and mortgage 
exposures towards retail customers in the Nordic countries as well as in Nordea Finance Finland. Other 
entities use the standardised approach to calculate own funds requirements for retail exposures. Retail 
exposures constituted 29 per cent. of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 2020. Nordea 
has obtained a temporary approval from the ECB to use IRB models when calculating own funds 
requirements for loans and leasing exposures in Norway and Sweden out of Nordea Finance Equipment. 
The models temporarily approved by the ECB were developed by Nordea Finance Equipment. They have 
already been approved by the NFSA for calculation of Nordea Finance Equipment’s own funds 
requirements on a stand-alone basis. The Nordea Group is also approved to use its own internal Value-at-
Risk ("VaR") models to calculate capital requirements for the major parts of the market risk in the trading 
books.  
At 30 September 2021, the Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was EUR 25.7 billion, 
EUR1.7 billion lower than at 30 September 2020. The decrease was mainly due to the EUR 2.0 billion 
capital deduction associated with the upcoming share buy-back, which was partly offset by profit generation 
net of dividend accrual. At the end of 2020, the Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was 
EUR 26.6 billion from EUR 24.4 billion at the end of 2019. The increase was driven by regulatory changes 
to the treatment of software assets and a changed consolidation for the banking group, with Nordea Life & 
Pensions now being consolidated using the equity method. Profit generation, net of dividend accrual, also 
contributed to the increase in common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital in 2020. The Nordea Group’s common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was strengthened in 2019 from EUR 24.1 billion at the end of 2018 to EUR 
24.4 billion at the end of 2019.  
In September 2021, Nordea issued USD 1.0 billion in perpetual Additional Tier 1 (AT1) conversion notes 
under its Global Medium-Term Note Programme. In March 2019, Nordea issued USD 1.25 billion

--- Page 308 ---
- 306 - 
perpetual seven-year non-call additional tier 1 conversion notes, which increased the tier 1 capital ratio by 
approximately 70 basis points as compared to 31 December 2018. In September 2018, Nordea issued USD 
500 million 10-year non-call subordinated reset notes and SEK 1,750 million and NOK 500 million 10-
year non-call five-year tier 2 subordinated notes. The Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital 
ratio was 17.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2020, compared to 16.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2019 and 
15.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2018. 
In January 2020, Nordea completed a synthetic securitisation transaction related to EUR 5.1 billion of the 
Nordea Group’s loans as originator of a portfolio with corporate and small and medium-sized enterprise 
loans. As part of the transaction, investors purchased credit-linked notes referencing the first loss tranche 
of the portfolio. The investors share the risk of credit losses of the reference portfolio up to a pre-agreed 
amount. No assets were derecognised from Nordea Group’s balance sheet and the Nordea Group continues 
to service the loans. The transaction improved Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio 
by approximately 20 basis points. 
Recent Regulatory Developments 
In March 2020, the Danish Minister of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided to decrease the 
Danish countercyclical capital buffer rate to 0 per cent. with immediate effect. Similarly in March 2020, 
the SFSA decided to lower the Swedish countercyclical capital buffer rate to 0 per cent. with immediate 
effect and the Norwegian Ministry of Finance reduced, with immediate effect, the Norwegian 
countercyclical capital buffer rate from 2.5 per cent. to 1 per cent. Also in March 2020, the FFSA 
preliminarily decided (with final decision taken in April 2020) to remove the systemic risk buffer 
requirement for all banks domiciled in Finland. Since the higher of the SRB (previously 3 per cent. for the 
Nordea Group) and the O-SII buffer (currently 2 per cent. for Nordea) was applicable, this means that the 
Nordea Group is required to hold an O-SII buffer of 2 per cent. Further, in March 2020, the ECB announced 
that it will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance, 
the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio. In addition, the ECB will allow banks to 
partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the 
pillar 2 Requirements. In total, these changes resulted in a decrease in the common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital ratio requirement of the Nordea Group of 1.9 per cent. as of 31 March 2020. 
In April 2020, the European Commission announced a proposed banking package to facilitate bank lending 
to households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant economic impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic. This banking package is intended to encourage banks to make full use of the 
flexibility embedded in the EU’s existing prudential and accounting framework and provides market 
participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The banking package announced in April 2020 
also proposed amendments to the CRR to, among other things, (i) extend current transitional arrangements 
regarding the application of international accounting standards on banks’ capital for two years, (ii) postpone 
the date of the new leverage ratio buffer requirement on G-SIIs by one year to 1 January 2023 and (iii) 
extend existing preferential treatment given to non-performing loans that are guaranteed by the public 
sector.  
In June 2020, amendments to the CRR and CRR II (the so-called "CRR quick fix") were agreed. The CRR 
quick fix was implemented to give banks further possibilities to support the economy and include, among 
other things, earlier implementation of the small- and medium-sized enterprise (SME) factor and the 
changes to the treatment of software. It also contains amendments to the transitional rules for "IFRS 9 – 
Financial Instruments" (Non-Performing Loans) guaranteed by central governments and to the leverage 
ratio. 
In July 2020, the ECB announced the extension of its recommendation that significant credit institutions 
refrain from dividend distributions and share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders until 1 January 
2021. On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks not consider distributing any cash 
dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions to remain below 15 per cent. of 
cumulated 2019 and 2020 profits and not higher than 20 basis points of the common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital ratio, until 30 September 2021. The ECB also clarified that banks will not be required to start 
replenishing their capital buffers before the peak in capital depletion is reached. The same applies for 
replenishing the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR). The ECB also committed to allow banks to operate below 
the pillar 2 guidance (P2G) and the combined buffer requirement until at least the end of 2022, and below 
the LCR until at least the end of 2021, without automatically triggering supervisory actions. On 23 July

--- Page 309 ---
- 307 - 
2021, the ECB decided not to extend its recommendation for banks to limit dividends. The recommendation 
accordingly expired on 30 September 2021. 
In September 2020, the ECB announced that euro area banks under its direct supervision may exclude 
certain central bank exposures from the leverage ratio. Banks may benefit from this measure until 27 June 
2021. On 18 June 2021, the ECB announced that banks could continue to exclude certain central bank 
exposures from the leverage ratio, given the continued exceptional macroeconomic circumstances due to 
COVID-19. The exemption is valid until March 2022. Nordea has, however, decided not to take advantage 
of this extension. 
In June 2021, both Denmark and Norway decided to increase their respective countercyclical capital buffer 
rates. In Denmark, the buffer rate will be set at 1.0 per cent from the third quarter of 2022, and in Norway 
the rate will be increased to 1.5 per cent from the second quarter of 2022. On 29 September 2021, the SFSA 
decided to increase the buffer rate to 1.0 per cent from the third quarter of 2022. In Finland, the buffer rate 
was left unchanged, at 0 per cent.  
On 11 June 2021, the European Systemic Risk Board’s recommendation on the reciprocation of 
macroprudential measures in Norway was published in the EU Official Journal. The measures set the 
systemic risk buffer at 4.5 per cent for Norwegian exposures and introduce risk weight floors of 20 per cent 
for residential real estate and 35 per cent for commercial real estate. Local supervisory authorities will 
decide how to respond to the recommendation. If they decide to reciprocate the measures, the risk weight 
floors should be implemented within three months and the systemic risk buffer within 18 months. The 
recommendation on the systemic risk buffer recognises the regulatory differences between Norway and the 
European Union and states that local supervisory authorities should ensure there are no overlaps in the 
different requirements when reciprocating. On 19 August 2021, the Board of the FFSA decided to adopt 
the average risk weight floors set by the Norwegian macroprudential authority for residential and 
commercial real estate exposures located in Norway from 11 September 2021. The FFSA also 
communicated that it would decide whether to reciprocate and thus implement the systemic risk buffer of 
4.5% for exposures in Norway at a later stage. Such a decision would enter into force 12 months after being 
taken, but no earlier than 11 December 2022, i.e. the end of the 18- month transition period stated in the 
European Systemic Risk Board’s recommendation. If the FFSA decides to reciprocate the systemic risk 
buffer, it would then also apply to the Nordea Group, leading to an estimated increase in the Group’s 
common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement of up to 95 basis points.  
On 28 June 2021, the FFSA decided to maintain the other systemically important institutions (O-SII) capital 
buffer for Finnish banks identified as systemically important. For Nordea, this means that the current O-SII 
buffer of 2 per cent will be maintained.  
On 20 September 2021, the SFSA notified the European Commission and the European Systemic Risk 
Board ("ESRB") that it intends to adopt a decision to extend the current 25 per cent. risk weight floor for 
Swedish mortgages for a period of two years, in accordance with Article 458 of the CRR.

--- Page 310 ---
- 308 - 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Overview and legal structure 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, conducts banking operations within the scope 
of the Nordea Group's business organisation. Nordea Bank Abp, was registered with the Finnish Trade 
Register on 27 September 2017 and is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of 
Finland. According to Article 3 of Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association, as a commercial bank Nordea 
Bank Abp engages in business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank pursuant to the Finnish Act on 
Credit Institutions. Nordea Bank Abp provides investment services and performs investment activities 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Investment Services. Further, in its capacity as parent company, Nordea 
Bank Abp attends to and is responsible for overall functions in the Nordea Group, such as management, 
supervision, risk management and staff functions. Nordea Bank Abp is subject to substantial regulation in 
all markets in which it operates. The articles of association were last amended on 1 October 2018. Nordea 
Bank Abp is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business identity code 2858394-9. The head 
office of Nordea is located in Helsinki at the following address: Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland. Nordea Bank Abp has several directly and indirectly owned 
subsidiaries.  Nordea Bank Abp's shares are listed on the stock exchanges in Helsinki, Stockholm and 
Copenhagen. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea's share capital is EUR 4,049,951,919, consisting of 
3,965,561,160 ordinary shares. The shares in Nordea have no nominal value. 
Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association do not contain any provisions on share classes or voting rights 
and consequently shares may only be issued as ordinary shares and each share confers one vote at general 
meetings. If Nordea Bank Abp were to issue new shares, all shareholders would typically have preferential 
rights to the new shares in relation to the number of shares held by them. 
The additional tier 1 (AT1) conversion notes issued by Nordea in March 2019 and August 2021, 
respectively, automatically convert into shares if the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of either 
Nordea on a solo basis or the Nordea Group on a consolidated basis falls below a specific trigger level. 
There are no convertible bonds issued by Nordea that give option exercise rights for holders to acquire 
shares in Nordea. 
Shareholders 
The following table sets forth information relating to Nordea's five largest shareholders as of 31 March 
2021: 
 
Number of 
shares 
(million) 
Per cent. of 
shares and  
votes(1) 
Sampo plc............................................................................................................................................... 
642.9 
15.9 
Blackrock ............................................................................................................................................... 
203.9 
5.0 
Cevian Capital ........................................................................................................................................ 
178.4 
4.4 
Nordea Fonden ....................................................................................................................................... 
158.2 
3.9 
Alecta ..................................................................................................................................................... 
94.2 
2.3 
 _______________  
1)  Excluding shares issued for Nordea's long-term incentive programmes. 
In 2011, Sampo plc's share in Nordea exceeded 20 per cent, meaning that the Nordea Group was from 
thereon included in the Sampo financial conglomerate in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Supervision of Financial and Insurance Conglomerates (Fi: laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien 
valvonnasta (2004/699)). On 13 August 2019, Sampo plc announced that it had on 12 August 2019 
distributed a total of 55,517,639 shares of Nordea as an extra dividend to its shareholders. After the 
distribution, Sampo plc held 804,922,858 shares of Nordea, corresponding to 19.87 per cent. of all shares 
and votes, and the Nordea Group is no longer included in the Sampo financial conglomerate. On 4 
September 2019, the Nordea Group was identified as a financial conglomerate on its own. On 10 November 
2020, Sampo plc announced that it had completed an accelerated bookbuild offering to institutional

--- Page 311 ---
- 309 - 
investors of 162 million Nordea shares held by Sampo plc. The offering represented 4.0 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares in Nordea and reduced Sampo's ownership in Nordea to 15.9 per cent. Sampo plc also 
announced that it had, in connection with the offering, entered into a lock-up undertaking, under which it 
has, subject to certain exceptions, agreed not to sell any Nordea shares for a period ending at 9 May 2021. 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association, the board of directors of Nordea must consist of at least six and no 
more than 15 members.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of Nordea consists of 10 members elected by 
the general meeting for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of Nordea in 
2022. In addition, three ordinary members and one deputy member have been appointed by the employees 
of Nordea Group. The CEO of Nordea is not a member of the board of directors.  
The following table sets forth, for each member of the board of directors of Nordea as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, his or her year of birth and the year of his or her initial appointment to the board of 
directors:  
 
Year of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Position 
Torbjörn Magnusson ..........................................................................................  
1963 
2018 
Chair 
Kari Jordan .........................................................................................................  
1956 
2019 
Vice Chair 
Claudia Dill ........................................................................................................  
1966 
2021 
Member 
Nigel Hinshelwood ............................................................................................  
1966 
2018 
Member 
Petra van Hoeken ...............................................................................................  
1961 
2019 
Member 
Robin Lawther ...................................................................................................  
1961 
2014 
Member 
John Maltby .......................................................................................................  
1962 
2019 
Member 
Sarah Russell ......................................................................................................  
1962 
2010 
Member 
Birger Steen .......................................................................................................  
1966 
2015 
Member 
Jonas Synnergren ...............................................................................................  
1977 
2020 
Member 
The board of directors also includes the following members elected by the employees of Nordea as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus (one of whom at any time is a deputy member of the board of directors): 
 
Year of birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Joanna Koskinen .....................................................................  
1977 
2021 
Member 
Gerhard Olsson .......................................................................  
1978 
2016 
Member 
Hans Christian Riise ...............................................................  
1961 
2013 
Member 
Dorris Groth Brandt ................................................................  
1967 
2018 
Deputy Member 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea have the following office address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, 
Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland.  
With the exception of the employee representatives, no members of the board of directors of Nordea are 
employed by the Nordea Group.  
Torbjörn Magnusson (Chair) is Group CEO and President of Sampo Group and Jonas Synnergren is Senior 
Partner of Cevian Capital Ab who are shareholders in Nordea Bank Abp. Save for the foregoing, no 
potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the board of 
directors and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
Torbjörn Magnusson has been a member of the board of directors since 2018 and has served as its Chair 
since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Magnusson is the President and CEO of the Sampo 
Group, Managing Director and member of Group Executive Committee of Sampo plc., the Chair of the 
board of directors of If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd. and a member of the board of directors of Hastings 
Group Holdings plc. 
Kari Jordan has been a member of the board of directors and served as its Vice Chair since 2019. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Jordan is the Chair of the board of directors of Outokumpu Oyj, and a 
member of the boards of directors of the Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA/ETLA and several other 
non-profit organisations.

--- Page 312 ---
- 310 - 
Petra van Hoeken has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms van Hoeken is a member of the boards of directors of Nederlandse WaterschapsBank NV, 
Oranje Fonds, the Supervisory Board of Volksbank N.V and Chair of the Advisory Committee for Credit 
for the Ministry of Economic & Climate Affairs. 
Claudia Dill has been a member of the board of directors since 2021. 
Nigel Hinshelwood has been a member of the board of directors since 2018. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr Hinshelwood is a member of the boards of directors of Bank of Scotland plc and Lloyds 
Bank plc and a member of the Finance and Risk Committee of Business in the Community. 
Robin Lawther has been a member of the board of directors since 2014. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms Lawther is a member of the boards of directors of Ashurst LLP and United Kingdom 
Government Investments Limited and an Advisory board member at Aon. 
John Maltby has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Maltby is the Chair of the board of directors of Allica Bank Limited and a member of the boards of 
directors of National Citizens Service (NCS) Trust and West Brom Building Society. 
Sarah Russell has been a member of the board of directors since 2010. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Ms Russell is a member of the supervisory board of Ostrum Asset Management, Paris, France, and the 
Currency Exchange Fund N.V and the APG Groep NV and APG Asset Management NV.  
Birger Steen has been a member of the board of directors since 2015. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Steen is a thematic partner of Summa Equity AB, the Chair of the board of directors of Nordic 
Semiconductor ASA, Myneva Group Gmbh and Pagero AB and a member of the boards of directors of 
PragmatIC. Mr Steen is also a trustee of the Nordic Heritage Museum in Seattle, United States. 
Jonas Synnergren has been a member of the board of directors since 2020. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr. Synnergren is a senior partner of Cevian Capital AB and Head of Cevian Capital AB's 
Swedish office, a member of the board of directors of Veoneer Inc. and a member nomination committee 
of LM Ericsson AB. 
Group Leadership Team  
The Group Leadership Team of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus consists of 12 
members, including the Group CEO. The President and Group CEO is appointed by the board of directors 
and is charged with the day-to-day management of the Nordea Group and the Nordea Group's Group-wide 
affairs in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code (Fi: Suomen listayhtiöiden hallinnointikoodi) (the "Finnish Corporate Governance Code"), as well 
as the instructions provided by the board of directors. The instructions regulate the division of 
responsibilities and the interaction between the Group CEO and the board of directors. The Group CEO 
works closely with the Chair of the board of directors, for example, in planning the meetings of the board 
of directors. 
The following table sets forth each member of Group Leadership Team as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, his or her year of birth, the year of his or her initial employment as a member of Group 
Leadership Team and his or her current position:

--- Page 313 ---
- 311 - 
 
Year of 
birth 
Group 
Leadership 
Team 
member 
since 
Position 
Frank Vang-Jensen ...........................  
1967 
2018 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Nina Arkilahti ...................................  
1967 
2020 
Head of Business Banking 
Erik Ekman .......................................  
1969 
2015 
Head of Group Business Support 
Matthew Elderfield ...........................  
1966 
2016 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Head of Group Risk 
Christina Gadeberg ...........................  
1970 
2019 
Chief People Officer, Head of Group People 
Jamie Graham ...................................  
1974 
2021 
Group Chief Compliance Officer and Head of Group 
Compliance  
Jussi Koskinen ..................................  
1973 
2018 
Chief Legal Officer, Head of Group Legal 
Sara Mella .........................................  
1967 
2019 
Head of Personal Banking 
Martin A Persson ..............................  
1975 
2016 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions  
Ulrika Romantschuk .........................  
1966 
2020 
Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing 
Ian Smith 
1967 
2020 
Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Head of Group 
Finance 
Snorre Storset ....................................  
1972 
2015 
Head of Asset & Wealth Management  
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the Group 
Executive Management and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea and Group Leadership Team have the following office 
address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu (Sw: Hamnbanegatan) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, 
Finland.  
Frank Vang-Jensen has been the President and Group CEO of Nordea since 2019 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2018. Before his appointment as President and Group CEO in September 2019, Mr 
Vang-Jensen held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2018, most recently as 
Head of Personal Banking.  
Nina Arkilahti has been Head of Business Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2020. 
Ms Arkilahti has previously served in several senior positions at Svenska Handelsbanken AB, including as 
Executive Vice President and Country Head Finland and as Senior Vice President and Country Head 
Germany. 
Erik Ekman has been Head of Group Business Support since 2020 and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2015. Mr Ekman has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2008, 
most recently as Head of Commercial & Business Banking (currently named Business Banking) from 2016 
to 2019 and as Acting Head of Group Business Risk Management during 2019. 
Matthew Elderfield has been Group CRO and Head of Group Risk and Compliance since 2019 and a 
member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Between 2016 and 2019, Mr. Elderfield held the position 
as Group Compliance Officer and Head of Group Compliance. Prior to joining the Nordea Group in 2016, 
Mr Elderfield served as Global Head of Compliance at Lloyds Banking Group and a member of the 
International Advisory Board of The Confederation of Finnish Industries EK. 
Christina Gadeberg has been Head of Group People and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. 
Ms. Gadeberg has held several executive positions since she joined the Nordea Group in 2015, most 
recently as Head of Group People Business Partnering and co-leader of Group People during 2019 and, 
prior to this, as Head of People to Asset and Wealth Management from 2017 to 2019. 
Jamie Graham has been Group Chief Compliance Officer, Head of Group Compliance and a member of 
Group Leadership Team since 2021. Mr. Graham joined Nordea in 2016 as Group Chief Audit Executive 
and Head of Group Internal Audit. Before joining the Nordea Group, Mr. Graham held several senior roles 
at Barclays, including the position of Global Head of Compliance Audit. Mr. Graham is a UK Chartered 
Accountant. 
Jussi Koskinen has been Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2018. He has also been the Interim Deputy Managing Director of Nordea since 2019. Prior to 
joining the Nordea Group in 2018, Mr Koskinen served as Vice President, Head of Global Corporate Legal 
and Secretary to the board of directors at Nokia Corporation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr

--- Page 314 ---
- 312 - 
Koskinen is a member of the board of the Finnish Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Policy 
Committee Directors' Institute Finland. 
Sara Mella has been Head of Personal Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. Prior 
to her appointment as Head of Personal Banking in December 2019, Ms Mella was Acting Head of Personal 
Banking from September 2019 and, prior to that, she held several executive positions at the Nordea Group, 
most recently as Head of Personal Banking Finland. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Mella is 
Chair of the Banking Executive Committee of Finance Finland and a member of the board of directors of 
Art Foundation Merita fr.   
Martin A Persson has been Head of Large Corporates & Institutions (previously named Wholesale Banking) 
and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Mr Persson joined the Nordea Group in 2012 and 
served as the Co-Head of Markets Equities, Nordea Markets from 2012 to 2016. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr Persson is a member of the boards of directors of the Swedish Bankers' Association and the 
Swedish House of Finance, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Ulrika Romantschuk has been Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2020. Ms Romantschuk has previously served as Executive Vice President, 
Communications and Branding of the Fazer Group and was a member of the Group Management Team of 
the Fazer Group. 
Ian Smith has been Group CFO and Head of Group Finance and a member of Group Leadership Team since 
2020. Mr Smith has previously served as Group CFO of Virgin Money United Kingdom PLC, Director of 
Group Finance at Lloyds Banking Group PLC and at Halifax Bank of Scotland PLC. 
Snorre Storset has been Head of Asset & Wealth Management since 2016 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2015. Mr Storset has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea 
Group in 2011, most recently as Deputy Head of Wealth Management and Head of Private Banking from 
2015 to 2016. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Storset is a member of the board of directors of 
Finans Norge. 
Independence 
Nordea complies with applicable requirements regarding the independence of its board of directors 
according to applicable European regulatory requirements and Finnish laws and regulations, as well as 
requirements set forth in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. All members of Nordea's board of 
directors are considered independent in relation to the Company's significant shareholders in accordance 
with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. 
All of the board members elected by the shareholders are independent of Nordea and its executive 
management, including Sarah Russell who has been a member of the board of directors of Nordea and its 
legal predecessors for 11 consecutive years. Based on an overall evaluation, her independence is not 
compromised due to her long service history, and no other factors or circumstances have been identified 
that could impair her independence. 
No member of Nordea's board of directors elected by the shareholders at the general meeting is employed 
by or working in an operative capacity in the Nordea Group. The ordinary members and the deputy 
members of Nordea's board of directors appointed by the employees are employed by the Nordea Group 
and therefore are not independent of Nordea under the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. 
The number of members of Nordea's board of directors who are independent in relation to Nordea as well 
as independent in relation to Nordea's significant shareholders exceeds the minimum requirement set forth 
in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code, which states that the majority of the members of the board of 
directors shall be independent of Nordea and at least two of the board members who are independent of the 
company shall also be independent of the company's significant shareholders. 
The rules regarding independence of the board of directors are governed by, among others, the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the 
FFSA and the EBA guidelines on internal governance.

--- Page 315 ---
- 313 - 
External Auditors 
According to Nordea's articles of association, Nordea must have one audit firm as auditor, whose chief 
auditor is to be an authorised public accountant approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. 
The assignment as auditor will continue until the end of the first AGM held after the election of the auditor. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, has been elected as Nordea's auditor until the 
end of the 2022 AGM. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Jukka Paunonen, Authorised Public 
Accountant, has been assigned as the auditor in charge. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has the following 
office address: Itämerentori 2, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland.  
Dividends 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s annual shareholder general meeting approved, and Nordea Bank AB (publ) paid, 
the following dividends from 2014 to 2018:  
• 
2018: EUR 0.69 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,788 million; 
• 
2017: EUR 0.68 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,747 million; 
• 
2016: EUR 0.65 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,625 million; 
• 
2015: EUR 0.64 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,584 million; and 
• 
2014: EUR 0.62 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,501 million. 
The 2020 AGM authorised the board of directors of Nordea to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum 
of EUR 0.40 per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 to be distributed in one or several 
instalments. This authorisation was valid until the AGM of Nordea to be held in 2021. The board of 
directors of Nordea communicated in March 2020 its intention to follow the ECB recommendation and 
refrain from deciding on a dividend payment before 1 October 2020. On 28 July 2020, the ECB announced 
the extension of its recommendation that significant credit institutions refrain from dividend distributions 
and share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders at least until 1 January 2021. Most recently, the 
ECB on 15 December 2020 recommended that banks not consider distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. The board of directors 
of Nordea acknowledged the ECB’s updated recommendation and on 18 February 2021 announced that, 
based on the recommendation of, and after a dialogue with, the ECB it had decided to distribute a dividend 
of EUR 0.07 per share to shareholders in accordance with the authorisation by the 2020 AGM. The dividend 
was paid on 1 March 2021 and the total dividend payment amounted to EUR 282.6 million.  
The 2021 AGM authorised the board of directors of Nordea to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum 
of EUR 0.72 per share for the year ended 31 December 2020. The amount of EUR 0.72 maximum per share 
is in line with Nordea’s dividend policy and includes the residual amount of the 2019 dividend (EUR 0.33 
per share) as well as 70 per cent. of the net profit for 2020 (EUR 0.39 per share).  
On 23 July 2021, the ECB announced its decision not to extend beyond 30 September 2021 its 
recommendation that all banks limit dividends. Instead, supervisors will assess the capital and distribution 
plans of each bank as part of the regular supervisory process. Nordea is ready to distribute the residual 
unpaid dividend for 2019 and the unpaid dividend for 2020 after the current restrictions are repealed. 
Nordea will publish any possible decisions on dividend payments, including the dividend record and 
payment dates, by the board of directors separately. 
Shareholder capital distributions  
In September 2021, Nordea received approval from the European Central Bank for a share buy-back of up 
to EUR 2.0 billion. Together with the dividend of EUR 0.72 per share for 2019-2020, which was paid to 
shareholders in October 2021, the buy-back is expected to result in total shareholder capital distributions 
of around EUR 4.9 billion or EUR 1.20 per share in 2021. 
 
Material Agreements

--- Page 316 ---
- 314 - 
Nordea Bank Abp is not a party to any material agreement outside of its normal course of business which 
may result in another Nordea Group company obtaining a right or incurring an obligation which may 
materially affect Nordea Bank Abp's ability to perform its obligations. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance in Nordea Bank Abp follows generally adopted principles of corporate governance.  
The external framework which regulates the corporate governance work includes, inter alia, the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the 
FFSA, the EBA guidelines on internal governance under the Capital Requirements Directive and Joint 
ESMA and EBA Guidelines on the assessment of the suitability of members of the management body and 
key function holders.

--- Page 317 ---
- 315 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Nordea Group.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, such as in relation to 
any Green Notes, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
In relation to any Green Notes, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the second party opinion provided 
by ISS ESG (or such other second party opinion provider as may be engaged by the Issuer from time to 
time) are available at https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-bonds.  The Issuer will 
annually publish on its website a Green Bond report that provides, inter alia, the amount of net proceeds 
that have been allocated to each category of Green Assets, the balance of net proceeds yet to be allocated 
to Green Assets and (where appropriate) examples of Green Assets that have been financed or refinanced 
by the net proceeds of Green Notes.  
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders.  Any 
revisions or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on the website indicated above, 
but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of any such amendments. 
The Green Bond Framework, any relevant opinion or certification and any other document related thereto 
including any footnotes, links to the Issuer’s website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are not, 
nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
For further information in relation to Green Notes, please see "Green Notes" and "Notes – Overview of Key 
Features – Green Notes" on pages viii to x and 68 to 69 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 318 ---
- 316 - 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State of incorporation 
might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. It should also be noted that there 
are differences in the tax treatment of different Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary does not purport to present any comprehensive or complete picture of all Finnish 
tax aspects that could be of relevance to a Holder of the Notes. The comments in this part are based on 
current Finnish tax law as applied in Finland and the Finnish Tax practice (which are subject to changes 
that could prospectively or retroactively affect the stated tax consequences). Prospective Holders of Notes 
should consult their own professional advisors as to their tax position. 
Payments of interest in accordance with the Terms and Conditions are not subject to withholding tax in 
Finland provided that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes, unless the Notes relate to 
business carried on in Finland (through a permanent establishment in Finland). Investors that are not 
resident in Finland for tax purposes are, furthermore, not subject to Finnish tax on capital gains arising from 
the transfer of Notes, unless the transfer relates to business carried on in Finland through a permanent 
establishment. The payer is obliged to ascertain that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. 
The recipient is obliged to disclose their non-resident investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to 
provide such information, the Issuer will be entitled to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in 
respect of the Notes, if it is required to do so under Finnish law, and the Issuer will not be required to pay 
the recipient any additional amounts. 
For physical persons that are resident in Finland for tax purposes and for Finnish estates of deceased 
persons, interest on Notes may constitute income subject to tax prepayment withholding at a rate of 30 per 
cent under the Prepayment Act (Fin. Ennakkoperintälaki (1118/1996), as amended), and subject to final 
taxation as capital income under the Income Tax Act (Fin. Tuloverolaki (1535/1992), as amended). The tax 
rate applicable to capital income is at present 30 per cent. The tax rate for the part of capital income which 
exceeds 30,000 euros per year is, 34 per cent. Alternatively, interest paid to a Finnish tax resident physical 
person or a Finnish estate of a deceased person may be income subject to tax at a rate of 30 per cent pursuant 
to the Interest Income Withholding Tax Act (Fin. Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta (1341/1990), as amended). 
Index-linked yield is generally treated as interest income.  
Where Notes are sold by a Finnish physical person or the Finnish estate of a deceased person prior to the 
due date, any capital gains and payment of accrued interest (Fin. jälkimarkkinahyvitys) constitutes capital 
income. Correspondingly, the subscriber is generally entitled to deduct the paid accrued interest from the 
taxable capital income of the year of subscription. Capital gains arising from a sale of assets are, however, 
exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices of the assets sold by the note holder does not 
exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. Capital losses arising from the transfer of notes are primarily deductible 
from capital gains arising from the sale of assets in the same year or during the following five years. Capital 
losses may secondarily be deducted also from other capital income than capital gains. The capital losses 
will not, however, be tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices of the assets sold by the 
note holder does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. 
The following applies to Finnish corporate entities taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act 
(Fin. Laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968), as amended). As of tax year 2020, most Finnish 
corporate entities are taxed exclusively in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act.  
Finnish corporations are subject to a national corporate income tax on their worldwide income. Corporate 
income is taxed according to a fixed tax rate which currently is 20 per cent. No tax prepayment is withheld 
from principal or interest payments made to corporate entities residing in Finland. The capital gain (as well 
as the capital loss) is calculated by deducting the total sum of the actual acquisition cost and selling cost 
from the consideration from the disposal. Confirmed losses can generally be carried forward and deducted

--- Page 319 ---
- 317 - 
from the taxable income for ten years following the loss-making year, provided that no change in ownership 
triggering forfeiture of tax loss carry-forwards occur. Specific limitations apply to the deductibility of any 
capital losses incurred under the Income Tax Act prior to tax year 2020, as well as capital losses incurred 
from the transfer of assets belonging to the "other assets" asset class under the Business Income Tax Act, 
introduced as of tax year 2020. 
The Note holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning their tax reporting obligations 
and the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
United States Taxation 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA," that generally impose a reporting 
and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including dividends and interest) 
and, following the date that is two years after the publication of the final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payment", certain payments made by entities that are classified as financial institutions 
under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the 
implementation of FATCA with Finland (the "Finnish IGA"). Under the Finnish IGA, as currently drafted, 
the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Notes to be subject to withholding under 
FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no 
assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments 
made on or with respect to the Notes in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA. The Issuer would have no obligation to pay any 
additional amounts in relation to such withholding or deduction. 
Possible United States Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code  
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
require withholding of up to 30 per cent. (depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption 
applies) on payments or deemed payments made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the 
extent that such payments are contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends. These 
rules differentiate between "Delta-One" and "Non-Delta-One" transactions. Withholding currently applies 
to Delta-One Notes and should not apply to Non-Delta-One Notes issued before 1 January 2023 
("Grandfathered Notes") (unless the Non-Delta-One Notes are "significantly modified" on or after 1 
January 2023). However, significant aspects of the application of these regulations to the Notes are 
uncertain. Payments on Notes, other than Grandfathered Notes, that are treated by the applicable U.S. 
Treasury Regulations as being contingent upon, or determined by reference to, any U.S. source dividends 
may be subject to this withholding. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents amounts will generally be required when the relevant 
payment is made on a Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. investor 
of the Notes. Notes may be treated as paying dividend equivalent amounts to the extent U.S. source 
dividends are expected to be paid on the underlying equity securities, even if no corresponding payment on 
the Note is explicitly linked to such dividends and even if, upon maturity, lapse or other disposition by the 
non-U.S. investor, the investor realises a loss. The US. Treasury Regulations provide exceptions to 
withholding, in particular for certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the applicable 
regulations to the Notes.

--- Page 320 ---
- 318 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer or by one or more Authorised Offerors acting on the 
Issuer's behalf. 
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with 
Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell or deliver, Notes of any Tranche (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes and the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s) within the United States or to, or for the account or of benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
that it will have sent to each Authorised Offeror to which it sells Notes of such Tranche during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes an offer or sale 
of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by an Authorised Offeror may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
In addition, certain Series of Notes in respect of which any payment is determined by reference to an index 
or formula, or to changes in prices of securities or commodities, or certain other Notes will be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Offeror may agree. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
in relation to Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Offeror

--- Page 321 ---
- 319 - 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus which has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final 
Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Offeror or Authorised Offerors nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Authorised Offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
legend as "Not Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
in relation to any Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its equivalent 
in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); and

--- Page 322 ---
- 320 - 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not, or, would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public 
offering, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as amended or 
replaced from time to time, the Danish executive orders issued thereunder and the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, an offer of the Notes in Denmark means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Finland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer 
and sell the Notes or bring the Notes into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all 
applicable provisions of the laws of Finland. Notes may only be offered and sold to the public in Finland 
provided that either (i) a prospectus in relation to the Notes is prepared in accordance with the Finnish 
Securities Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, (746/2012), as amended) (the "Finnish Securities 
Markets Act") and/or other applicable laws and regulations including the EU Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, or (ii) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the

--- Page 323 ---
- 321 - 
applicable laws of Finland, especially the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent 
and agree that Notes may not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of deceased individuals that are 
resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
Norway 
The Notes have not been registered or approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority, the 
Oslo Stock Exchange or the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and, accordingly, each Authorised 
Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines 
applicable to the offering of Notes in Norway. 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered or sold within Norway or to or for the account or benefit 
of persons domiciled in Norway, unless the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, the Norwegian  Central 
Securities Depositories Act and relevant regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the registration 
in Euronext VPS or another securities registry which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014, has been complied with. 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with all laws, regulations 
and guidelines applicable to the offering of Notes in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that no Notes will be offered to the public 
in Sweden nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in 
relation to those Notes has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and such competent authority has notified the competent authority in 
Sweden, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement 
to prepare a prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "EU MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 thereof or 
any codes of conduct made under the EU MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any rules issued by 
the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued 
in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect to the admission of the Notes 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit 
a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any

--- Page 324 ---
- 322 - 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or 
have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 325 ---
- 323 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the board of 
directors of the Issuer held on 5 September 2018. 
2. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020, the date to which the latest consolidated audited financial statements 
of the Issuer were prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Nordea Group, except for the impact of the coronavirus outbreak referred to in the 
Risk Factor headed "Risk Factors - The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively 
impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the 
Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity" on page 12 of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Since 30 September 2021, the date to which the latest published consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer were prepared, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
the financial position of the Issuer or the Nordea Group.  
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group have been audited without 
qualification for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by authorised public 
accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Oy. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
6. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of 
the Issuer and available online at the websites set out below:  
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time) 
(Swedish: https://www.nordea.com/sv/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/bolagsordning; English 
translation: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/articles-of-
association); 
(b) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) (which contains the forms 
of the Instruments), https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-
abp; 
(c) 
the 
Deed 
of 
Covenant 
(as 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time), 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-abp; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 including the audit reports relating thereto 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/group-annual-reports); 
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated interim financial statements of Nordea 
Bank 
Abp 
for 
the 
nine 
months 
ended 
30 
September 
2021 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/reports-presentations); 
(f) 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
together 
with 
any 
supplements 
thereto 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-abp); and 
(g) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on any stock exchange and issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus (https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-abp). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 326 ---
- 324 - 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, 
in the case of VP Notes, the VP or, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS or, in the case of 
Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland or, in the case of Swedish Notes, Euroclear Sweden. The 
appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number for each issue 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and details of any other agreed clearance 
system(s) will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
8. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
9. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 
Copenhagen 5, Denmark. 
10. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, VPS ASA, P.O. 1174 
Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
11. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
12. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Swedish Central Securities Depository, Euroclear 
Sweden, Box 191, SE 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
13. 
It is expected that each Series of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant 
Notes and the approval of the Programme in respect of such Note(s) will be granted on or about 
17 December 2021. Notes may also be listed for trading on NASDAQ Stockholm, NASDAQ 
Helsinki, NASDAQ Copenhagen, Nasdaq Oslo, Oslo Børs and Nordic Growth Market NGM AB 
– NDX (Nordic Derivatives Exchange). 
14. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number 
("ISIN"), Common Code, Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of 
Financial Instruments ("CFI") code and/or other securities identifier, which will be contained in 
the Final Terms relating thereto. Notes issued in Series comprising more than one Tranche may 
be assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code or other securities identifier on issue. 
15. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is: 529900OD13047E2LIV03. 
16. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar in relation to each Series. 
17. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business and which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect 
of the Notes being issued. 
18. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information under paragraph 3.1 of Annex 
17 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
19. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
20. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
21. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
22. 
The Issuer has commenced a number of public offers of Notes pursuant to the previous Base 
Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 relating to the Programme. Details of the relevant Notes are 
listed below:

--- Page 327 ---
- 325 - 
ISIN 
FI4000385679 
FI4000385687 
FI4000385695 
FI4000385703 
FI4000385711 
FI4000385737 
FI4000385745 
FI4000385760 
FI4000385778 
FI4000385786 
FI4000385851 
FI4000385901 
FI4000385968 
FI4000386057 
FI4000386073 
FI4000386081 
FI4000386172 
FI4000386198 
FI4000386214 
FI4000386255 
FI4000386263 
FI4000386271 
FI4000386289 
FI4000386354 
FI4000386362 
FI4000386370 
FI4000386438 
FI4000386453 
FI4000386461 
FI4000386479 
NO0011112849 
NO0011112856 
NO0011112872 
SE0016844104 
SE0016275002  
SE0016275010  
SE0016844195 
SE0016843999 
SE0016844005 
SE0016844039 
SE0016844013 
SE0016844211 
SE0016844047 
SE0016844138 
SE0016844179 
SE0016844187 
SE0016844203 
SE0016844229 
SE0016844260 
SE0016844245 
SE0016844237 
SE0016274963 
SE0016274906 
SE0016843973 
SE0016843981

--- Page 328 ---
- 326 - 
ANNEX 1 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP FOR 
THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 329 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
70
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Financial statements
Income statement .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  71
Statement of comprehensive income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  72
Balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  73
Statement of changes in equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  74
Cash flow statement . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 78
Notes to the financial statements
Accounting policies
G1	
Accounting policies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 80
Risk and Liquidity management
G2	
Risk and Liquidity management .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 102
Notes to the income statement
G3	
Segment reporting . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 136
G4	
Net interest income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
G5	
Net fee and commission income . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G6	
Total net result from items at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  140
G7	
Other operating income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  141
G8	
Staff costs  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  141
G9	
Other expenses  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 149
G10	 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  
charges of tangible and intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 149
G11	
Net loan losses .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  150
G12	 Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  151
G13	 Earnings per share .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153
Notes to the balance sheet and memorandum items
G14	 Loans and impairment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G15	 Interest-bearing securities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  154
G16	 Financial instruments pledged as collateral .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G17	 Shares .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G18	 Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked investment contracts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G19	 Derivatives and hedge accounting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155
G20	 Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  160
G21	 Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 162
G22	 Properties and equipment . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  164
G23	 Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 165
G24	 Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G25	 Other assets . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G26	 Prepaid expenses and accrued income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G27	 Deposits by credit institutions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G28	 Deposits and borrowings from the public .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G29	 Liabilities to policyholders . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  166
G30	 Debt securities in issue  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  168
G31	 Other liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  168
G32	 Accrued expenses and prepaid income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  168
G33	 Provisions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  168
G34	 Retirement benefit obligations . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  169
G35	 Subordinated liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 173
G36	 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities .  .  .  .  . 173
G37	 Other assets pledged  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 174
G38	 Contingent liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 174
G39	 Commitments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  174
Other notes
G40	 Classification of financial instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 175
G41	 Assets and liabilities at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G42	 Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  188
G43	 Transferred assets and obtained collaterals . .  .  .  .  .  189
G44	 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  190
G45	 Related-party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 192
G46	 Interests in structured entities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 192
G47	 Group structure .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  194
G48	 Acquisitions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 195
Contents

--- Page 330 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
71
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
EURm
Note
2020
2019
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
5,536
6,399
Other interest income
1,071
1,350
Negative yield on financial assets
–280
–309
Interest expense
–2,013
–3,334
Negative yield on financial liabilities
201
212
Net interest income
G4
4,515
4,318
Fee and commission income
3,856
3,931
Fee and commission expense
–897
–920
Net fee and commission income
G5
2,959
3,011
Net result from items at fair value 
G6
900
1,012
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
G20
–1
50
Other operating income
G7
93
232
Total operating income
8,466
8,623
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
  Staff costs 
G8
–2,752
–3,017
  Other expenses
G9
–1,286
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
G10
–605
–1,330
Total operating expenses
–4,643
–5,986
Profit before loan losses
3,823
2,637
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair value
G6
48
12
Net loan losses
G11
–908
–536
Operating profit
2,963
2,113
Income tax expense
G12
–698
–571
Net profit for the year
2,265
1,542
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
2,238
1,519
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
27
26
Non–controlling interests
–
–3
Total
2,265
1,542
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
G13
0. 55
0. 38
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
G13
0. 55
0. 38
Income statement

--- Page 331 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
72
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Statement of comprehensive income
EURm
Note
2020
2019
Net profit for the year
2,265
1,542
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences 
–196
18
Tax on currency translation differences 
–
1
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
117
–62
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
16
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
48
21
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–8
–4
Transferred to the income statement 
7
–37
Tax on transfers to the income statement 
–1
6
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
–712
152
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
135
–31
Transferred to the income statement 
733
–170
Tax on transfers to the income statement 
–140
35
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
–9
–15
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
3
2
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
22
–152
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
–4
34
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
G20
–1
1
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
G20
0
0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–6
–185
Total comprehensive income 
2,259
1,357
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
2,232
1,334
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
27
26
Non-controlling interests
–
–3
Total 
2,259
1,357
1)  Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 332 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
73
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Balance sheet
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Assets
G40
Cash and balances with central banks 
32,955
35,509
Loans to central banks
G14
3,123
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
G14
3,123
8,519
Loans to the public
G14
329,765
323,091
Interest-bearing securities
G15
62,509
64,930
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
3,795
7,151
Shares
G17
12,649
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
36,484
30,799
Derivatives
G19
44,770
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
359
217
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
555
572
Intangible assets
G21
3,771
3,695
Properties and equipment
G22
1,931
2,002
Investment properties
G24
1,535
1,585
Deferred tax assets
G12
406
487
Current tax assets
300
362
Retirement benefit assets
G34
144
173
Other assets
G25
13,349
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
637
711
Total assets
552,160
554,848
Liabilities 
G40
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
23,939
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
183,431
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
37,534
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
18,178
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
G30
174,309
193,726
Derivatives
G19
47,033
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,608
2,018
Current tax liabilities
305
742
Other liabilities
G31
21,341
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,404
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
436
481
Provisions
G33
596
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
365
439
Subordinated liabilities
G35
6,941
9,819
Total liabilities 
518,420
523,320
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
748
748
Non-controlling interests
9
40
Share capital
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,063
1,080
Other reserves
–2,067
–2,062
Retained earnings
29,937
27,672
Total equity
33,740
31,528
Total liabilities and equity
552,160
554,848

--- Page 333 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
74
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Statement of changes in equity
2020
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations3
Cash 
flow 
hedges4
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2020
4,050
1,080
–1,941
–26
45
–135
–5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
2,238
2,238
27
–
2,265
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
–
–
–196
–
–
–
–
–
–196
–
–
–196
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
117
–
–
–
–
–
117
–
–
117
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
48
–
–
–
48
–
–
48
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–8
–
–
–
–8
–
–
–8
Transferred to the income 
­statement 
–
–
–
–
7
–
–
–
7
–
–
7
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement 
–
–
–
–
–1
–
–
–
–1
–
–
–1
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–712
–
–
–
–
–712
–
–
–712
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
135
–
–
–
–
135
–
–
135
Transferred to the income 
­statement2 
–
–
–
733
–
–
–
–
733
–
–
733
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement2
–
–
–
–140
–
–
–
–
–140
–
–
–140

--- Page 334 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
75
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
2020
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations3
Cash 
flow 
hedges4
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own credit 
risk related to 
liabilities at 
fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–
–
–9
–
–9
–
–
–9
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–
–
3
–
3
–
–
3
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined  
benefit plans 
–
–
–
–
–
22
–
–
22
–
–
22
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans 
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
Other comprehensive income from 
companies accounted for under the 
equity method 
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
–1
–
–
–1
Tax on other comprehensive income 
from companies accounted for under 
the equity method 
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
0
–
–
0
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–79
16
46
18
–6
–1
–6
–
–
–6
Total comprehensive income
–
–
–79
16
46
18
–6
2,237
2,232
27
–
2,259
Paid interest on Additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–27
–
–27
Share-based payments
G8
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
6
6
–
–
6
Purchase of own shares5
–
–17
–
–
–
–
–
–
–17
–
–
–17
Other changes
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
22
22
–
–
22
Change in non-controlling interests
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–31
–31
Balance at 31 Dec 2020
4,050
1,063
–2,020
–10
91
–117
–11
29,937
32,983
748
9
33,740
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares was 11. 9 million which represents 0. 3% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
3)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Of the balance per 31 December 2020, EUR 639m relates to hedging relationship for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR –m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.  
4)  For more detailed information see Note G19.
5)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to treasury shares held for remuneration purposes and to the trading portfolio.  The number of treasury shares held for 
remuneration purposes was 8. 2 million.	
Statement of changes in equity, cont.

--- Page 335 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
76
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations3
Cash 
flow 
hedges4
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1,519
1,519
26
–3
1,542
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
–
–
18
–
–
–
–
–
18
–
–
18
Tax on currency translation 
differences 
–
–
1
–
–
–
–
–
1
–
–
1
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–62
–
–
–
–
–
–62
–
–
–62
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
16
–
–
–
–
–
16
–
–
16
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
21
–
–
–
21
–
–
21
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
Transferred to the income 
­statement 
–
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–37
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement 
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
–
6
–
–
6
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
152
–
–
–
–
152
–
–
152
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–31
Transferred to the income 
­statement2 
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–170
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement2
–
–
–
35
–
–
–
–
35
–
–
35

--- Page 336 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
77
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations3
Cash 
flow 
hedges4
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own credit 
risk related to 
liabilities at 
fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–
–
–15
–
–15
–
–
–15
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
–
–
–
–
–
–
2
–
2
–
–
2
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined  
benefit plans 
–
–
–
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans 
–
–
–
–
–
34
–
–
34
–
–
34
Other comprehensive income from 
companies accounted for under the 
equity method 
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1
1
–
–
1
Tax on other comprehensive income 
from companies accounted for under 
the equity method 
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
0
–
–
0
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1
–185
–
–
–185
Total comprehensive income
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1,520
1,334
26
–3
1,357
Paid interest on Additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–26
–
–26
Change in Additional Tier 1  
capital holders
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–2
Share-based payments
G8
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
20
–
–
20
Dividend for 2018
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,788
–2,788
–
–
–2,788
Divestment of own shares5
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
29
29
–
–
29
Change in non-controlling interests
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
37
37
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,941
–26
45
–135
–5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares was 10. 8 million which represents 0. 3% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
3)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Out of the balance per 31 December 2019, EUR 522m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR –m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.
4)  For more detailed information see Note G19.
5)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to treasury shares held for remuneration purposes and to the trading portfolio.  The number of treasury shares held for 
remuneration purposes was 9. 2 million.

--- Page 337 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
78
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Cash flow statement
EURm
Note
2020
2019
Operating activities
Operating profit
2,963
2,113
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow
2,074
5,005
Income taxes paid
G12
–987
–816
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
4,050
6,302
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to central banks
G14
3,605
413
Change in loans to credit institutions
G14
5,393
1,951
Change in loans to the public
G14
–3,595
–11,079
Change in interest-bearing securities
G15
2,942
10,485
Change in financial assets pledged as collateral
G16
3,400
402
Change in shares
G17
1,594
–1,379
Change in derivatives, net
G19
–643
1,281
Change in investment properties
G24
3
–36
Change in other assets
G25
–6,469
–3,921
Dividends received from associates
G20
7
19
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
G27
–11,364
–10,339
Change in deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
13,801
2,050
Change in liabilities to policyholders
G29
3,807
5,229
Change in debt securities in issue
G30
–19,231
869
Change in other liabilities
G31
1,357
–4,639
Cash flow from operating activities
–1,343
–2,392
Investing activities
Acquisition of business operations
G48
–552
–447
Sale of business operations
–
–25
Acquisition of associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
–8
–26
Sale of associated undertakings 
G20
18
879
Acquisition of property and equipment
G22
–69
–70
Sale of property and equipment
G22
19
15
Acquisition of intangible assets
G21
–418
–517
Cash flow from investing activities
–1,010
–191
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
G35
–
1,401
Amortised subordinated liabilities 
G35
–2,459
–890
Paid interest on Additional Tier 1 capital
–27
–26
Divestment/repurchase of own shares incl.  change in trading portfolio
–17
29
Dividend paid
–
–2,788
Principal portion of lease payments
–143
–140
Cash flow from financing activities
–2,646
–2,414
Cash flow for the year 
–4,999
–4,997
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
41,164
46,009
Translation difference
38
152
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
36,203
41,164
Change
–4,999
–4,997

--- Page 338 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
79
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Comments on the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of  
cash and cash equivalents during the year for total opera-
tions.  Nordea's cash flow has been prepared in accordance 
with the indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjust-
ed for effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation 
and loan losses.  The cash flows are classified by operating, 
investing and financing activities.
Operating activities
Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing 
activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operat-
ing profit for the year with adjustment for items not included 
in cash flow and income taxes paid.  Adjustment for items not 
included in cash flow includes:
EURm
2020
2019
Depreciation
553
558
Impairment charges
52
772
Loan losses
958
583
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily 
held at fair value
–48
–12
Unrealised gains/losses
–513
224
Capital gains/losses (net)
–24
–69
Change in accruals and provisions
276
–26
Translation differences
–308
198
Change in bonus potential to policyholders, Life & 
Pensions
–11
203
Change in technical reserves, Life & Pensions
792
1,794
Change in fair value on the hedge items,  
assets/liabilities (net)
429
705
Other
–82
75
Total
2,074
5,005
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets 
and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such 
as loans, deposits and debt securities in issue.  Changes in 
derivatives are reported net.	
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest pay-
ments received and interest expenses paid in the following 
amounts:	
EURm
2020
2019
Interest payments received
6,367
7,395
Interest expenses paid
–2,033
–3,166
Investing activities
Investing activities include acquisitions and disposals of non-
current assets, such as property and equipment, intangible 
and financial assets.  
Financing activities
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in 
equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of 
shares, dividends and issued/amortised subordinated liabili-
ties and principal portion of lease payments.
Cash and cash equivalents
The following items are included in Cash and cash 
equivalents: 
EURm
 31 Dec 
2020
 31 Dec 
2019
Cash and balances with ­central banks
32,955
35,509
Loans to central banks, payable on demand
2,426
4,826
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand
822
829
Total
36,203
41,164
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign curren-
cies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts 
with central banks and postal giro systems under government 
authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled:
•	 the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institution is established 
•	 the balance on the account is readily available at any time.
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid 
assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing 
securities.  Loans to central banks, payable on demand include 
instruments that Nordea has the right to resell immediately.
Reconciliation of liabilities arising 
from financing activities
The opening balance of subordinated liabilities was EUR 
9,819m (EUR 9,155m).  During the period cash flows related to 
bonds were EUR –2,459m (EUR 511m) and the effects of FX 
changes and other was EUR –419m (EUR 153m), ending up in 
a closing balance of EUR 6,941m (EUR 9,819m).
The opening balance of lease liabilities was EUR 1,225m (at 
transition 1 January 2019 EUR 1,165m).  During the period cash 
flows related to the liabilities amounted to EUR –143m (EUR 
–140m) and other changes from new, terminated and modi-
fied contracts and FX changes amounted to EUR 151m (EUR 
200m).
Cash flow statement, cont.

--- Page 339 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
80
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
 Content for Note G1
1.	
Corporate information and basis of presentation  . 80
2.	
Changed accounting policies and presentation .  .  .  . 80
3.	
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  81
4.	
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty .  .  . 82
5.	
Principles of consolidation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 85
6.	
Recognition of operating income and impairment  . 86
7.	
Income recognition life insurance  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
8.	
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
9.	
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated 
 in foreign currencies  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
10.	
Hedge accounting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
11.	
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
12.	
Cash and balances with central banks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
13.	
Financial instruments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 92
14.	
Loans to the public/credit institutions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
15.	
Leasing .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 96
16.	
Intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 96
17.	
Properties and equipment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 97
18.	
Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 97
19.	
Liabilities to policyholders .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 97
20.	
Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and 
unit-linked investment contracts .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  98
21.	
Taxes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 98
22.	
Provisions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 99
23.	
Earnings per share . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 99
24.	
Employee benefits . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 99
25.	
Equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  100
26.	
Financial guarantee contracts and  
credit commitments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  100
27.	
Share-based payment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 101
28.	
Related party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 101
29.	
Presentation of disposal groups held for sale  .  .  .  .  . 101
30.	
Exchange rates .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 101
1. Corporate information and basis of presentation
Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9), 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the Nordea 
Group), is a leading universal bank in the Nordic markets.  The 
parent company Nordea Bank Abp is a public limited liability 
company organised under the laws of Finland with its head-
quarters located in Helsinki, Finland at the following address: 
Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, 
Helsinki, Finland.  Nordea Bank Abp’s ordinary shares are list-
ed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki (in 
euro), Stockholm (in Swedish krona) and Copenhagen (in 
Danish krone) and its American Depository Receipts (ADR) 
are traded in the US in US dollars.
The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of bank-
ing and financial products and services to household and cor-
porate customers, including financial institutions.  The Nordea 
Group’s products and services comprise a broad range of 
household banking services, including mortgages and con-
sumer loans, credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of 
savings, life insurance and pension products.  In addition, the 
Nordea Group offers a wide range of corporate banking ser-
vices, including business loans, cash management, payment 
and account services, risk management products and advi-
sory services, debt and equity-related products for liquidity 
and capital raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, 
institutional asset management services and corporate life 
and pension products.  The Nordea Group also distributes 
general insurance products.
Nordea’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission.  In addition, cer-
tain complementary rules in the Finnish Accounting Act, the 
Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decree of the 
Ministry of Finance on the financial statements and consoli-
dated statements of credit institutions and investment firms 
have also been applied.
The disclosures, required in the standards, recommenda-
tions and legislation above, have been included in the notes, 
the Capital Management section or in other parts of the 
Financial statements.
On 24 February 2021 the Board of Directors approved the 
financial statements, subject to final adoption by the Annual 
General Meeting on 24 March 2021.  
The accounting policies, the basis for calculations and pre-
sentations are unchanged in comparison with the Annual 
Report 2019, except from the changed accounting policies 
and presentation described below in the section “Changed 
accounting policies and presentation”. 
All amounts are in euro million unless otherwise stated.
2. Changed accounting policies and presentation
The new accounting requirements implemented during 2020 
and their impact on Nordea’s financial statements are 
described below.
Net result on loans in hold portfolios 
mandatorily held at fair value
Changes have been made to the presentation of fair value 
adjustments to the margin component of loans in “hold” port-
folios mandatorily held at fair value.  The margin component is 
the interest paid by customers on top of the interest charged 
to compensate Nordea for the related funding cost.  As from 
2020, these adjustments are being presented separately on a 
new row in the income statement entitled “Net result on 
loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair value”. The 
earlier policy was to present such fair value adjustments to 
the row “Net result from items at fair value”, together with 
fair value adjustments to instruments in “sell” and “hold and 
sell” portfolios.  Loans in “hold” portfolios that are mandatorily 
held at fair value only due to their failing the solely payment 
of principal and interest (SPPI) test are more similar to amor-
tised cost loans than to instruments in “sell” or “hold and sell” 
portfolios.  For this reason, the presentation should to the 
extent possible be aligned with the presentation for loans 
held at amortised cost.  Fair value adjustments to the margin 
component, which are largely driven by changes in credit risk, 
are therefore presented separately next to the row “Net loan 
losses” in the income statement, where similar adjustments to 
loans held at amortised cost are presented.  Comparative fig-
ures have been restated accordingly.  The impact on the 
income statement can be found in the table below.
G1.  Accounting policies

--- Page 340 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
81
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
2020
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Net result from items at fair value
948
–48
900
Total operating income
8,514
–48
8,466
Net result on loans in hold 
portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value
–
48
48
Operating profit
2,963
–
2,963
Net profit of the year
2,265
–
2,265
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR
–
2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Net result from items at fair value
1,024
–12
1,012
Total operating income
8,635
–12
8,623
Net result on loans in hold 
portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value
–
12
12
Operating profit
2,113
–
2,113
Net profit of the year
1,542
–
1,542
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR
–
Reclassification of accrued interest on loans
Accrued interest on loans has previously been presented on 
the line “Prepaid expenses and accrued income” on the bal-
ance sheet.  As from 2020, accrued income on loans is pre-
sented together with the loans on the lines “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” on the balance sheet.  
Comparative figures have been restated accordingly.  The 
impact on the balance sheet can be found in the table below.
31 Dec 2020
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Loans to credit institutions
3,123
–
3,123
Loans to the public
329,507
258
329,765
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income
895
–258
637
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Loans to credit institutions
8,516
3
8,519
Loans to the public
322,740
351
323,091
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income
1,065
–354
711
Changed presentation of trading in 
own shares (treasury shares)
From 1 January 2020 acquisitions of own shares have been 
reported as a reduction in “Invested unrestricted equity” and 
sales of own shares as an increase in “Invested unrestricted 
equity”. Nordea’s earlier policy was to present acquisitions 
and sales in “Retained earnings”. Comparative figures have 
not been restated.
Changed presentation of reportable operating segments
To reflect its current reporting and decision-making process-
es, Nordea changed the presentation of reportable operating 
segments and the definition of the Chief Operating Decision-
Maker.  For more information see Note G3 “Segment report-
ing” in the section “Changes in basis of segmentation”.
Other amended requirements
The following new and amended standards and interpreta-
tions were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2020 but 
have not had any significant impact on the financial state-
ments of Nordea:
•	 Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework 
in IFRS Standards 
•	 Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business
•	 Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definition of material
•	 Annual Improvements to IFRS 16: Leases COVID-19-related 
rent concessions
Changes to the Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit 
Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision Authority’s Regula-
tions and Guidelines and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance on the financial statements and consolidated state-
ments of credit institutions and investment firms have not had 
any significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements.
3. Changes in IFRSs not yet applied 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture”
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 
28 regarding sales and contributions of assets between an 
investor and its associated undertaking or joint venture due to 
inconsistent treatment of gains and losses of such transac-
tions in those standards.  The IASB has thereafter proposed to 
defer indefinitely the effective date and permit earlier appli-
cation.  The amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU 
Commission.  Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt 
the amendments.  The new requirements are not expected to 
have any impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion as the new requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies.  
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
contracts”. The new standard will change the accounting 
requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation 
and disclosure of insurance contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-uni-
form accounting policy based on the local accounting policies 
in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform accounting poli-
cy based on the three measurement models Building Block 
Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach (VFA) and Premium 
Allocation Approach (PAA).  The model application depends 
on the terms of the contracts (long term, long term with vari-
able fee or short term).  The three measurement models 
include consistent definitions of contractual cash flows, the 
risk adjustment margin and discounting.  These definitions are 
based on principles similar to the measurement principles for 
technical provisions in the Solvency II capital requirements 
directives.  Unearned future premiums will be recognised as a 
provision on the balance sheet and released to revenue when 
the insurance service is provided.  Any unprofitable contracts 
will be recognised in the income statement at the time when 
the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023 with earlier application permitted.  
The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU Commission.  
Nordea does not currently intend to adopt the standard early.  
Nordea’s current assessment is that the new standard will not 
have any significant impact on its capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application.  It is not yet pos-
sible to conclude on the impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements.

--- Page 341 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
82
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
Interest rate benchmark reform - Phase 2
The IASB has published amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 
7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 in “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – 
Phase 2”. Phase 2 of the IBOR reform includes three major 
areas: hedge accounting, modifications and disclosures.
The amendments clarify that hedge accounting does not 
have to be discontinued just because hedged items and 
hedging instruments are modified due to the IBOR reform.  
Hedging relationships (and related documentation) must be 
amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, hedg-
ing instrument and hedged risk.  Any valuation adjustments 
resulting from the amendments are recognised as part of 
hedge ineffectiveness.
It is clarified that modifications required as a direct conse-
quence of the IBOR reform and made on an economically 
equivalent basis are not accounted for as modifications to 
instruments measured at amortised cost.  For such modifica-
tions, the effective interest rate is amended in line with the 
modified cash flows.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application 
permitted.
The amendments are expected to result in hedge relation-
ships in Nordea being able to continue as before and no 
material modification gains or losses being recognised.  For 
this reason the amendments are not assessed to have any 
significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion of the amendments in comparison with the current 
situation.
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended stan-
dards that are assessed to have no significant impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application:
•	 Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements
•	 Amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations
•	 Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment
•	 Amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities 
and Contingent Assets
•	 Annual improvement 2018–2020
•	 Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts – Extension of 
the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9”
4. Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles requires, in some 
cases, the use of judgements and estimates by management.  
The actual outcome can later, to some extent, differ from the 
estimates and the assumptions made.  In this section a 
description is made of:
•	 the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in a 
material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets andli-
abilities within the next financial year, and
•	 the judgements made when applying accounting policies 
(apart from those involving estimations) that have the 
most significant impact on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements.  
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular  
associated with:
•	 the fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
•	 the classification of financial assets
•	 the derecognition of financial assets
•	 the impairment testing of:
 
– goodwill and other intangible assets and
 
– loans to the public/credit institutions
•	 the amortisation period for capitalised software
•	 the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
•	 the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees
•	 the actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
•	 the valuation of investment properties
•	 the assessment of expected lease terms and classification 
of leases
•	 the classification of Additional Tier 1 instruments 
•	 assessing control for consolidation purposes
•	 the valuation of deferred tax assets
•	 claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
•	 critical judgements emphasised by COVID-19.
Fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
Nordea’s accounting policy for determining the fair value of 
financial instruments is described in section 11 “Determination 
of fair value of financial instruments” and Note G41 “Assets 
and liabilities at fair value”. Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for financial 
instruments are exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack quoted 
prices or recently observed market prices, such as unlisted 
equities.  Those judgements relate to the following areas:
•	 The choice of valuation techniques.
•	 The determination of when quoted prices fail to represent 
fair value (including the judgement of whether markets are 
active).
•	 The construction of fair value adjustments in order to 
incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit risk, model 
risk and liquidity risk.
•	 The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable.
The critical judgements required when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or 
recently observed market prices also introduce a high degree 
of estimation uncertainty.  
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon profes-
sional judgement in accordance with Nordea’s accounting 
and valuation policies.  The fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value using a valuation technique, 
levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, was EUR 167,700m 
(EUR 185,198m) and EUR 112,755m (EUR 151,751m), respec-
tively, at the end of the year.  Valuation adjustments (CVA, 
DVA, FFVA, NFVA, close-out cost adjustment, model risk 
adjustment and IPV variance) made when determining the 
value of financial instruments (including those measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income) amount to 
EUR 224m (EUR 193m).
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs 
can be found in Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
Estimation uncertainty also arises at initial recognition of 
financial instruments that are part of larger structural trans-
actions.  Although subsequently not necessarily held at fair 
value such instruments are initially recognised at fair value 
and as there is normally no separate transaction price or 
active market for such individual instruments, the fair value 
has to be estimated.  
Classification of financial assets
Nordea classifies financial assets based on Nordea’s business 
model for managing the assets.  When determining the busi-
ness model for the bonds within the liquidity buffer Nordea 
makes critical judgements.  The bonds within the liquidity buf-
fer is split in two portfolios.  For the first portfolio Nordea has 
determined that the business model is to keep the bonds and 
collect contractual cash flows and to sell financial assets.  For

--- Page 342 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
83
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
the second portfolio, Nordea has determined that the busi-
ness model is to manage the bonds with the objective of real-
ising cash flows through sale.  The bonds within the first port-
folio are measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI) and the bonds within the second portfolio 
are measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVPL).  
Interest-bearing securities and Financial instruments pledged 
as collateral in the liquidity buffer measured at FVOCI (the 
first portfolio) amount to EUR 33,726m (EUR 29,779m) and 
interest-bearing securities measured at FVPL (the second 
portfolio) amount to EUR 25,069m (EUR 34,725m).
Derecognition of financial assets
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are modi-
fied, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a new 
loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new loan 
are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea applies 
judgements to determine if the terms and conditions of the 
new loan are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea 
considers the terms and conditions to be substantially differ-
ent if the present value of the cash flows of the new loan dis-
counted by the original interest rate differs by more than 10% 
from the present value of the remaining expected cash flows 
of the old loan or if the modified cash flows are SPPI, but the 
original cash flows were not SPPI and vice versa.  The carrying 
amount of loans, interest-bearing securities and financial 
instruments pledged as collateral on the asset side of the bal-
ance sheet amounts to EUR 402,315m (EUR 412,898m).
Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for goodwill is described in sec-
tion 16 “Intangible assets” and Note G21 “Intangible assets” 
lists the cash-generating units (CGUs) to which goodwill has 
been allocated.  Also internally developed software for which 
amortisation has not yet started is included in the impairment 
test and allocated to the CGUs.  Nordea’s total goodwill 
amounted to EUR 1,938m (EUR 1,969m) at the end of the 
year.  Software for which amortisation has not yet started 
amounted to EUR 505m (EUR 768m) at the end of the year.
The estimation of future cash flows and the calculation of 
the rate used to discount those cash flows are subject to esti-
mation uncertainty.  The forecast of future cash flows is sensi-
tive to the cash flow projections for the near future (generally 
3-5 years) and to the estimated sector growth rate for the 
period beyond 3-5 years.  The growth rates are based on his-
torical data, updated to reflect the current situation, which 
implies estimation uncertainty.
The rates used to discount future expected cash flows are 
based on the long-term risk-free interest rate plus a risk pre-
mium.  The risk premium is based on external information of 
overall risk premiums in the relevant countries.
For information on the sensitivity to changes in relevant 
parameters, see Note G21 “Intangible assets”.
Impairment testing of loans to the 
public/credit institutions
Nordea’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans is 
described in section 14 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions”.
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment allowances.  
Nordea’s total lending before impairment allowances was 
EUR 338,459m (EUR 343,000m) at the end of the year.  For 
more information, see Note G14 “Loans and impairment”.
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be received 
from the customers under different scenarios, including the 
valuation of any collateral received.  Judgement is also 
applied when assigning the likelihood of the different scenar-
ios occurring.
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk.  If this is the 
case, the provision should reflect the lifetime expected losses, 
as opposed to a 12-month expected loss for exposures not 
having increased significantly in credit risk.  Judgement is also 
exercised in the choice of modelling approaches covering 
other parameters used when calculating the expected losses, 
such as the expected lifetime used in stage 2 as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on historical 
experience are relevant for estimating future losses.
The statistical models used to calculate provisions are 
based on macroeconomic scenarios, which requires manage-
ment to exercise judgement when identifying such scenarios 
and when assigning the likelihood of the different scenarios 
occurring.  Judgement is also exercised in the assessment of 
to what extent the parameters for the different scenarios, 
based on historical experience, are relevant for estimating 
future losses.
The amortisation period for capitalised software
Internally developed software is capitalised and amortised 
over the useful life of the software.  As the IT landscape devel-
ops rapidly, management exercises judgment to estimate the 
useful life of the software, which affects the yearly amortisa-
tion charge.
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
Nordea’s accounting policy for cash flow hedges is described 
in section 10 “Hedge accounting”.
One important judgement in connection with cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for effective-
ness testing.
Where Nordea applies cash flow hedge accounting the 
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value.  The 
currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
the currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of the interest rate risk.  The hypothetical derivative 
method is used when measuring the effectiveness of these 
cash flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present value of 
the cumulative change in expected future cash flows on the 
hedged transaction (the currency component).  Critical judge-
ment has to be exercised when defining the characteristics of 
the perfect hypothetical swap.
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities 
and plan assets related to employees
Nordea’s accounting policy for post-employment benefits is 
described in section 24 “Employee benefits”. 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans is 
calculated by external actuaries using demographic assump-
tions based on the current population.  As a basis for these 
calculations a number of actuarial and financial parameters 
are used.
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to uncertainty 
around whether corporate bond markets are deep enough, of 
high quality and also in connection to the extrapolation of 
yield curves to relevant maturities.  In Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark the discount rate is determined with reference to 
covered bonds and in Finland with reference to corporate 
bonds.  Other parameters, like assumptions about salary 
increases and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to estima-
tion uncertainty.  The main parameters used at year-end are 
disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement benefit obligations” 
together with a description of the sensitivity to changes in

--- Page 343 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
84
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
assumptions.  The defined benefit obligation was EUR 3,871m 
(EUR 3,790m) at the end of the year.
Actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
Nordea’s accounting policy for insurance contracts is 
described in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
A valuation of insurance liabilities includes estimations and 
assumptions, both financial and actuarial.  One of the impor-
tant financial assumptions is the interest rate used for dis-
counting future cash flows.  Important actuarial assumptions 
are those on mortality and disability, which affect the size and 
timing of the future cash flows.  The financial and actuarial 
assumptions are, to a large extent, stipulated in local legisla-
tion and therefore not under Nordea’s discretion.  Also, 
assumptions about future administrative and tax expenses 
have an impact on the calculation of policyholder liabilities.
The insurance liability was EUR 15,792m (EUR 15,928m) at 
the end of the year.  The carrying amount’s sensitivity to differ-
ent assumptions is disclosed in Note G29 “Liabilities to 
policyholders”. 
Valuation of investment properties
Nordea’s accounting policy for investment properties is 
described in section 18 “Investment properties”.
Investment properties are measured at fair value.  As there 
are normally no active markets for investment properties, the 
fair values are estimated based on discounted cash flow mod-
els.  These models are based on assumptions on future rents, 
vacancy levels, operating and maintenance costs, yield 
requirements and interest rates.
The carrying amounts of investment properties were EUR 
1,535m (EUR 1,585m) at the end of the year.  See Note G24 
“Investment properties” for more information on amounts 
and parameters used in these models.
Assessment of expected lease terms 
and classification of leases
Nordea’s accounting policy for leases is described in section 
15 “Leasing”. 
Critical judgement has to be exercised as a lessee when 
estimating the expected lease term by considering all facts 
and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exer-
cise an extension or termination option.  The expected lease 
term for contracts with no end date is estimated in the same 
way.  Backstop rules on the average expected lifetime for dif-
ferent types of real estate contracts are used as a guidance 
when making the estimate for banking branches.  A more 
detailed analysis is performed for large head office contracts.  
The head office contracts are estimated to be more long term 
in nature than those of the branches where the environment 
is changing at a more rapid pace.  The expected lease term of 
head office contracts is currently generally close to 25 years.  
The backstop rule of banking branches is currently limiting 
the expected lease term of contracts with no end date, or 
contracts with extension options, to 5 years.  It is possible to 
deviate from the backstop rule if the circumstances show that 
it is likely that Nordea will stay for a longer/shorter period.
For a lessor, critical judgement has to be exercised when 
classifying lease contracts.  A lease is classified as a finance 
lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards 
related to ownership.  A lease is classified as an operating 
lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards related to ownership.
The carrying amount of right of-use assets was EUR 
1,459m (EUR 1,506m) at the end of the year.
More information on lease contracts can be found in Note 
G23 “Leasing”.
Classification of Additional Tier 1 instruments
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in Tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument will be classified as a financial 
liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in Tier 1 capi-
tal is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the control 
of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea classi-
fies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments with-
out such clauses are classified as equity as there is no require-
ment for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the holders of 
the instrument.
Assessing control for consolidation purposes
One decisive variable when assessing if Nordea controls 
another entity is whether Nordea is exposed to variability in 
returns from the investment.  For structured entities where 
voting rights are not the dominant factor when determining 
control, critical judgement has to be exercised when defining 
when Nordea is exposed to significant variability in returns.  
Nordea’s critical judgement is that Nordea is normally 
exposed to variability in returns when Nordea receives more 
than 30% of the return produced by the structured entity.  This 
is only relevant for structured entities where Nordea is also 
the investment manager and thus has influence over the 
return produced by the structured entity.
Another judgement relating to control is whether Nordea 
acts as an agent or as a principal.  For unit-linked and other 
contracts where the policyholder/depositor decides both the 
amount and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to 
act as an agent and thus does not have control.
Judgement also has to be exercised when assessing if a 
holding of a significant, but less than majority, share of voting 
rights constitute a so-called de facto control and to what 
extent potential voting rights need to be considered in the 
control assessment.  Nordea’s assessment is that Nordea does 
currently not control any entities where the share of voting 
rights is below 50%.
Valuation of deferred tax assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of deferred tax 
assets is described in section 21 “Taxes” and Note G12 “Taxes”.
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by man-
agement’s assessment of Nordea’s future profitability and 
sufficiency of future taxable profits and future reversals of 
existing taxable temporary differences.  These assessments 
are updated and reviewed at each balance sheet date, and 
are, if necessary, revised to reflect the current situation.  
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 406m 
(EUR 487m) at the end of the year.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within the framework of normal business operations, Nordea 
faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and disputes, most 
of which involve relatively limited amounts, as well as pos-
sible fines due to e. g.  weak anti-money laundering processes 
and procedures in the past.  Presently, none of the current dis-
putes are considered likely to have any significant adverse 
effect on Nordea or its financial position.  As previously stated, 
Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak AML pro-
cesses and procedures in the past and has made a provision 
for ongoing AML-related matters.  Nordea cannot exclude the 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 344 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
85
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s financial 
performance.  In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation.  See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity Man-
agement, Note G33 “Provisions” and Note G38 “Contingent 
liabilities”.
Critical judgements emphasised by COVID-19
Nordea applied significant critical judgements in the prepara-
tion of the Annual Report 2020 due to significant uncertainty 
concerning the potential long-term impact of COVID-19 on 
Nordea’s financial statements.  Areas particularly important 
were the fair value measurement of certain financial instru-
ments, impairment testing of goodwill and loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions, and assessment of expected lease 
terms.
Critical judgements are applied when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or 
recently observed market prices.  In all of these instances, 
decisions are based on professional judgement in accordance 
with Nordea’s accounting and valuation policies.  More infor-
mation on financial instruments held at fair value on Nordea’s 
balance sheet can be found in Note G41.
No impairment of goodwill was identified during the year, 
but significant estimation uncertainty exists in relation to the 
long-term impact on Nordea’s financial statements and the 
impairment need will be continually reassessed.  Nordea 
updated the cash flow projections to reflect the best estimate 
of the impact of COVID-19.  Cash flows were projected up 
until the end of 2023 and the long-term growth assumption 
was used for subsequent periods.  The discount rate used for 
the test in the fourth quarter was on average 5. 8% post-tax 
and the long-term growth was on average 1. 4%.  Both an 
increase in the discount rate of 1 percentage point and a 
reduction in the future growth rate of 1 percentage point are 
considered to be reasonably possible changes in key assump-
tions.  Such changes would not result in any impairment.  More 
information on the impairment testing of goodwill can be 
found in Note G21 “Intangible assets”.
Critical judgement was applied in the assessment of when 
loans had experienced a significant increase in credit risk 
(staging) and in the application of macro scenarios when 
estimating the increase in expected credit losses.  More infor-
mation on the impairment testing of loans to the public/credit 
institutions can be found in section 14 “Loans to the public/
credit institutions“ and in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity man-
agement”. Information on sensitivities to rating and scoring 
migrations can be found in the section “Sensitivities” in Note 
G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.
No changes in expected lease terms for premises lease 
contracts or impairments of right-of-use assets were identi-
fied during 2020, but the impact of the COVID-19 on the 
future premises strategies will be closely monitored going 
forward.  More information on leasing can be found in Note 
G23 “Leasing”.
5. Principles of consolidation
Consolidated entities
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp and those entities that 
the parent company controls.  Control exists when Nordea is 
exposed to variability in returns from its investments in 
another entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the other entity.  Control is generally 
achieved when the parent company owns, directly or indi-
rectly through group undertakings, more than 50% of the vot-
ing rights.  For entities where voting rights do not decide con-
trol, see the section “Structured entities” below.
All group undertakings are consolidated using the acquisi-
tion method.  Under the acquisition method, the acquisition is 
regarded as a transaction whereby the parent company indi-
rectly acquires the group undertaking’s assets and assumes 
its liabilities and contingent liabilities.  The group’s acquisition 
cost is established in a purchase price allocation analysis.  In 
such analysis, the cost of the business combination is the 
aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets 
given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments 
issued by the acquirer, in exchange for the identifiable net 
assets acquired.  Costs directly attributable to the business 
combination are expensed.  
As at the acquisition date Nordea recognises the identifi-
able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their 
acquisition date fair values.  
For each business combination Nordea measures the non-
controlling interest in the acquired business either at fair 
value or at their proportionate share of the acquired identifi-
able net assets.
When the aggregate of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interest exceed the net fair value of the identifi-
able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess is 
reported as goodwill.  If the difference is negative, such differ-
ence is recognised immediately in the income statement.
Equity and net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests are separately disclosed on the balance sheet, the 
income statement and the statement of comprehensive 
income.
Intra-group transactions and balances between the con-
solidated group undertakings are eliminated.
The group undertakings are included in the consolidated 
accounts as from the date on which control is transferred to 
Nordea and are no longer consolidated as from the date on 
which control ceases.  
In the consolidation process the reporting from the group 
undertakings is adjusted to ensure consistency with the IFRS 
principles applied by Nordea.
Note G47 “Group structure” lists the major group undertak-
ings of the Nordea Group.
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
The equity method of accounting is used for associated 
undertakings where the share of voting rights is between 
20% and 50% and/or where Nordea has significant 
influence.  Significant influence is the power to participate 
in the financial and operating decisions of the investee 
but is not control or joint control over those policies.  
The equity method of accounting is also used for joint ven-
tures where Nordea has joint control.  Joint control is the con-
tractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which 
exists only when decisions about the relevant activities 
require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Investments within Nordea’s investment activities, which 
are classified as a venture capital organisations within 
Nordea, are measured at fair value in accordance with the 
rules set out in IAS 28 and IFRS 9.  Further information on the 
equity method is disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of oper-
ating income and impairment”.
Profits from companies accounted for under the equity 
method are reported post-taxes in the income statement.  
Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is not 
included in the income tax expense for Nordea.
Nordea does generally not have any sales or contribution 
of assets to or from associated undertakings or joint ventures.  
Other transactions between Nordea and its associated under-
takings or joint ventures are not eliminated.
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 345 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
86
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
joint ventures” lists the major associated undertakings of the 
Nordea Group.
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity created to accomplish a nar-
row and well-defined objective where voting rights are not 
the dominant factor in determining control.  Often legal 
arrangements impose strict limits on the decision-making 
powers of the management over the ongoing activities of a 
structured entity.  The same consolidation requirements apply 
to these entities, but as voting rights do not decide whether 
control exists, other factors are used to determine control.  
Power can exist due to agreements or other types of influ-
ence over a structured entity.  Nordea normally has power 
over entities sponsored or established by Nordea.  Nordea has 
created a number of structured entities to allow customers to 
invest in assets invested in by the structured entity.  Some 
structured entities invest in tradable financial instruments, 
such as shares and bonds (mutual funds).  Structured entities 
can also invest in structured credit products or acquire assets 
from customers of Nordea, although only one such structured 
entity currently exists.  Nordea is generally the investment 
manager and has sole discretion about investments and other 
administrative decisions and thus has power over these 
entities.  
Typically, Nordea will receive service and commission fees 
in connection with the creation of the structured entity, or 
because it acts as an investment manager, a custodian or in 
some other function.  Such income is normally not significant 
enough to expose Nordea to variability in returns and will 
thus not trigger consolidation.  In some structured entities 
Nordea has also supplied substantial parts of the funding in 
the form of fund units, loans or credit commitments.  In these 
structured entities Nordea is exposed to variability in returns 
and as the power over these entities affects the return, these 
structured entities are consolidated.  Nordea normally consid-
ers a share of more than 30% of the return produced by a 
structured entity to give rise to variability and thus give con-
trol.  Variability is measured as the sum of fees received and 
revaluation of assets held.  For unit-linked and other contracts 
where the policyholder/depositor decides both the amount 
and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to act as 
an agent and does thus not have control.
Further information about consolidated and unconsolidat-
ed structured entities is disclosed in Note G46 “Interests in 
structured entities”.
Currency translation of foreign entities/branches
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro 
(EUR).  When translating the financial statements of foreign 
entities and branches into EUR from their functional currency, 
the assets and liabilities of foreign entities and branches have 
been translated at the closing rates, while items in the income 
statement and the statement of comprehensive income are 
translated at the average exchange rate for the year.  The 
average exchange rates are calculated based on daily 
exchange rates divided by the number of banking days in the 
period.  Translation differences are recognised in other com-
prehensive income and are accumulated in the translation 
reserve in equity.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acqui-
sition of group undertakings are treated as items in the same 
functional currency as the cash-generating unit to which they 
belong and are also translated at the closing rate.  
Any remaining equity in foreign branches is converted at 
the closing rates with translation differences recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
Information on the most important exchange rates is dis-
closed in the separate section 30 “Exchange rates”.
6. Recognition of operating income and impairment
Net interest income
Interest income and expense are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if considered 
appropriate, based on a method that results in an interest 
income or interest expense that is a reasonable approxima-
tion of using the effective interest rate method as the basis for 
the calculation.  The effective interest includes fees considered 
to be an integral part of the effective interest rate of a finan-
cial instrument (generally fees received as compensation for 
risk).  The effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts 
the estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount of 
the financial asset or financial liability.  
Interest income and expenses from financial instruments 
are, with the exceptions described below, classified as “Net 
interest income”.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets and on assets measured at amortised 
cost in Nordea Life & Pensions is recognised on this line to 
ensure that income and expense within these operations are 
presented in a consistent manner.
The interest component in foreign exchange swaps, and 
interest paid and received in interest rate swaps plus changes 
in accrued interest, is classified as “Net result from items at 
fair value”, except for derivatives used for hedging, including 
economic hedges of Nordea’s funding, where such compo-
nents are classified as “Net interest income”. 
The yield on financial assets is presented on three lines in 
the income statement, Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method, Other interest income and 
Negative yield on financial assets.  On the line Interest income 
calculated using the effective interest method, Nordea pres-
ents interest income from financial assets measured at amor-
tised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  This line item also includes the effect from hedge 
accounting relating to these assets.  All other interest income 
is presented on the income statement line “Other interest 
income”, except negative yield on financial assets which is 
presented on a separate line.  Negative yield on financial lia-
bilities is also disclosed separately in the income statement.
Net fee and commission income
Nordea earns commission income from different services pro-
vided to customers.  The recognition of commission income 
depends on the purpose for which the fees are received.  
The major part of the revenues classified as “Commission 
income” constitutes revenue from contracts with customers 
according to IFRS 15.  Fee income is recognised either when or 
as performance obligations are satisfied.  
Asset management commissions are generally recognised 
over time as services are performed and are normally based 
on assets under management.  These fees are recognised 
based on the passage of time as the amount, and the right to 
the fee, corresponds to the value received by the customer.  
The fees are recognised monthly when the market value of 
the assets under management is determined.  Variable fees 
that are based on relative performance compared with a 
benchmark are in asset management rare, and they are nor-
mally fixed and recognised at least each reporting date.  Vari-
able fees that are not fixed on the reporting date cannot gen-
erally be recognised as the outcome is uncertain and subject 
to market development.  
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 346 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
87
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Life & Pension commission income includes fee income, 
referred to as expense loading, from insurance contracts and 
investment contracts with policyholders.  Investments con-
tracts are contracts that do not include enough insurance risk 
to be classified as insurance contracts.  The expense loading is 
the part of the premium income considered to be compensa-
tion for the contract administration.  The fee income is recog-
nised over time when the services are performed.  These con-
tracts do generally not include any upfront fees.
Fees categorised as Deposit Products, Brokerage, securities 
issues and corporate finance, Custody and issuer service and 
Payment commissions are recognised both over time and at a 
point of time dependent on when the performance obliga-
tions are satisfied.  Brokerage, securities issues and corporate 
finance are mainly transactional driven for advising clients or 
for executing customer transactions in securities where the 
services are recognised at a point of time when the services 
related to the transaction are completed.  Payment commis-
sions include fees for cash management and payment solu-
tions that are recognised over time and transaction based 
fees for services like domestic and foreign payments that are 
recognised at a point of time.  Card fees are categorised as 
interchange fees which are recognised at a point of time 
when the customer uses the services, or as cardholder fees 
which are recognised over time or at a point of time if the fee 
is transaction based.  
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of a 
financial instrument are recognised at a point of time.  The 
amount of loan syndication fees as well as other transaction-
based fees received are recognised at a point of time when 
the performance obligation is satisfied, i. e.  when the syndica-
tion or transaction has been performed.  Fees received for 
bilateral transactions are generally amortised as part of the 
effective interest of the financial instruments recognised.  
Income from issued financial guarantees, and expenses for 
bought financial guarantees, are amortised over the duration 
of the instruments and classified as “Fee and commission 
income” and “Fee and commission expense”, respectively.  
Other fee income is generally transaction based.
For transactional services which are performed at a point 
in time, payments are generally made instantly when the ser-
vices are performed.  For services performed over time the 
service period is normally short.  Examples of such services 
are monthly payment services and monthly or quarterly asset 
management services.  For the services performed over time 
the right to payment generally arises at the end of the service 
period when the performance obligations are completed and 
it is highly probable that no significant reversal of the consid-
eration will occur.  However, for some services with fixed 
monthly fees the right to payment arises in advance.  Account 
receivables are recognised as Other assets while unbilled 
receivables for satisfied performance obligations and contract 
assets are recognised as Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income.  Short-term advances received where the perfor-
mance obligations have not yet been satisfied are recognised 
as Accrued expenses and prepaid income.
Commission expenses are normally transaction based and 
recognised in the period when the services are received.  
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are recognised 
as an asset and amortised if the costs are expected to be 
recovered.  
Net result from items at fair value
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial instru-
ments and investment properties measured at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net result 
from items at fair value”. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses derive from:
•	 Shares/participations and other share-related instruments
•	 Interest-bearing securities and other interest-related 
instruments
•	 Other financial instruments, including credit derivatives as 
well as commodity instruments/derivatives
•	 Foreign exchange gains/losses
•	 Investment properties, which include realised and unre-
alised	 income, for instance revaluation gains and losses.  
This line also includes realised results from disposals as 
well as the running property yield stemming from the 
holding of investment properties.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets and on assets measured at amortised 
cost in Nordea Life & Pensions is recognised on this line to 
ensure that income and expense within these operations are 
presented in a consistent manner.  
Also, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net 
investment hedges as well as recycled gains and losses on 
financial instruments classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”. 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such as 
interest compensation received and realised gains/losses on 
buybacks of issued own debt.
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes fair value 
changes of hedged assets and liabilities at amortised cost in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes losses 
from counterparty risk on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
except for loans in “hold” portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value (SPPI fails) which are presented on the row “Net result 
on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair value” (see 
below).  Impairment losses from instruments within other cat-
egories are recognised in the item “Net loan losses” (see also 
the sub-section “Net loan losses” below).  
Dividends received are recognised in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” and classified as 
“Shares/participations and other share-related instruments” 
in the note.  Income is recognised in the period in which the 
right to receive payment is established.
The income recognition and descriptions of the lines relat-
ing to life insurance are described in section 7 “Income recog-
nition life insurance” below.
Profit from companies accounted for 
under the equity method
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is defined as the post-acquisition change in Nordea’s share 
of net assets in associated undertakings and joint ventures.  
Nordea’s share of items accounted for in other comprehensive 
income in associated undertakings and joint ventures is 
accounted for in other comprehensive income in Nordea.  
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is, as stated in section 5 “Principles of consolidation”, 
reported in the income statement post-taxes.  Consequently, 
the tax expense related to this profit is excluded from the 
income tax expense for Nordea.  
Fair values are, at acquisition, allocated to the associated 
undertaking’s and the joint venture’s identifiable assets, liabil-
ities and contingent liabilities.  Any difference between 
Nordea’s share of the fair values of the acquired identifiable 
net assets and the purchase price is goodwill or negative 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 347 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
88
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
goodwill.  Goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the 
associated undertaking and the joint venture.  Subsequently 
the investment in the associated undertaking and the joint 
venture increases/decreases with Nordea’s share of the post-
acquisition change in net assets in the associated undertak-
ing and the joint venture and decreases through received  
dividends and impairment.  An impairment charge can be 
reversed in a subsequent period.
The change in Nordea’s share of the net assets is generally 
based on monthly reporting from the associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures.  For some associated undertakings 
and joint ventures not individually significant the change in 
Nordea’s share of the net assets is based on the external 
reporting of the associated undertakings and the joint ven-
tures and affects the financial statements of Nordea in the 
period in which the information is available.  The reporting 
from the associated undertakings and the joint ventures is,  
if applicable, adjusted to comply with Nordea’s accounting 
policies.
Also, impairment on investments in associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures is classified as “Profit from companies 
accounted for under the equity method” in the income state-
ment.  The policies covering impairment of financial assets 
classified into the category Amortised cost are disclosed in 
section 13 “Financial instruments” and section 14 “Loans to 
the public/credit institutions”. 
If observable indicators (loss events) indicate that an asso-
ciated undertaking or a joint ventures is impaired, an impair-
ment test is performed to assess whether there is objective 
evidence of impairment.  The carrying amount of the invest-
ment in the associated undertaking or the joint venture is 
compared with the recoverable amount (higher of value in 
use and fair value less cost to sell) and the carrying amount  
is written down to the recoverable amount if required.  
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
Other operating income and other expenses
Net gains from divestments of shares in group undertakings, 
associated undertakings and joint ventures and net gains on 
sale of tangible assets as well as other operating income, not 
related to any other income line, are generally recognised 
when it is probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to Nordea and if the significant risks and 
rewards have been transferred to the buyer (generally when 
the transactions are finalised).
Resolution fees are presented as other expenses in the 
income statement.
Net result on loans in hold portfolios 
mandatorily held at fair value
The item “Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily 
held at fair value” includes fair value adjustments of the mar-
gin component on loans in “hold” portfolios mandatorily held 
at fair value (SPPI fails).  The loans are classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and 
presented in the item “Loans to the public” on the balance 
sheet.  The fair value adjustments are largely driven by chang-
es in credit risk.
Losses from counterparty risk on other instruments classi-
fied into the category Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss are presented as “Net results from items at fair 
value”.
Impairment losses from instruments within other catego-
ries than the category Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net loan losses” (see 
also the sub-sections “Net loan losses” below).
Net loan losses
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into the 
categories Amortised cost and Fair value through other com-
prehensive income (see section 13 “Financial instruments”), in 
the items “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit institu-
tions”, “Loans to the public” and “Interest-bearing securities” 
on the balance sheet, are reported as ”Net loan losses” 
together with losses from financial guarantees.  Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit enhancements.  
Nordea’s accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 14 “Loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions”.
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
including credit derivatives but excluding loans held at fair 
value as described above, are reported under “Net result from 
items at fair value” or, if related to loans in “hold” portfolios 
mandatorily held at fair value (SPPI fails), on the line “Net 
result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value”, see above.
7. Income recognition life insurance 
Premiums received, and repayments to policyholders, related 
to the savings part of life insurance contracts are reported as 
increases or decreases of liabilities to policyholders.  See fur-
ther information in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
The total income from life insurance mainly consists of the 
following components:
•	 Cost result
•	 Insurance risk result
•	 Risk and performance margin
•	 Investment return on additional capital in life insurance
The result from these components is, except for the cost 
result and the risk and performance margin relating to unit-
linked and investment contracts, included in “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
The cost result is the result of expense loading from policy-
holders and is included in the item “Fee and commission 
income” together with the risk and performance margin relat-
ing to unit-linked and investment contracts.  The related 
expenses are included in the items “Fee and commission 
expense” and “Operating expenses”. The policyholders’ part 
of a positive or negative cost result (profit sharing) is included 
on the note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” within Note G6 “Total net result from items at fair 
value”.
The insurance risk result consists of income from individual 
risk products and from unbundled life insurance contracts as 
well as health and personal accident insurance.  The risk pre-
miums are amortised over the coverage period as the provi-
sions are reduced when insurance risk is released.  A large 
part of the unbundled risk result from traditional life insur-
ance is subject to profit sharing, which means that the policy-
holders receive part of the net income or net deficit.  Risk 
income and the risk expenses are presented gross on the lines 
“Insurance risk income, Life insurance” and “Insurance risk 
expense, Life insurance” in Note G6 “Total net result from 
items at fair value”. The policyholders’ part of the result is 
included on the line “Change in technical provisions, Life 
insurance” in the note.
Gains and losses derived from investments at Nordea Life 
& Pensions are split between the relevant lines in Note G6 
“Total net result from items at fair value” as for any other 
investment at Nordea.  The lines include investment returns on 
assets held to cover liabilities to policyholders and return on 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 348 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
89
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
the additional capital allocated to Nordea Life & Pensions 
(shareholders capital in the Nordea Life & Pensions group).
The note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Total net result from items at fair value” 
includes: 
•	 Investment returns on assets held to cover liabilities to pol-
icyholders (including liabilities from traditional life insur-
ance, unit-linked insurance and investment contracts), indi-
vidually transferred to policyholders’ accounts according to 
the contracts.  
•	 Additional bonus (discretionary participation feature) to 
policyholders concerning traditional life insurance con-
tracts or any other transfers to the policyholders to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any 
agreed minimum benefit to policyholders.
•	 The risk and performance margin regarding traditional life 
insurance products according to local allocation rules in 
each Nordea Life & Pensions unit and according to con-
tracts with policyholders.  The recognition of a risk and per-
formance margin in the income statement is mainly condi-
tional on a positive result for traditional life insurance con-
tracts.  Risk and performance margins not possible to 
recognise in the current period due to poor investment 
results can, in some countries, partly or wholly be deferred 
to years with higher returns.
•	 The policyholders’ part of the cost- and risk result regard-
ing traditional life insurance contracts or unit-linked 
contracts.
The note line “Change in collective bonus potential, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Total net result from items at fair value” 
relates only to traditional life insurance contracts.  The line 
includes policyholders’ share of investment returns not yet 
individualised.  The line also includes additional bonus (discre-
tionary participation feature) and amounts needed to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any min-
imum benefits to the policyholders.
8. Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and derecog-
nised from (and an asset or a liability is recognised as “Other 
assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet between 
the trade date and the settlement date) the balance sheet on 
the trade date.  Other financial instruments are recognised on 
the balance sheet on the settlement date.
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial assets expire or are transferred to another party.  The 
rights to the cash flows normally expire or are transferred 
when the counterparty has performed by e. g.  repaying a loan 
to Nordea, i. e.  on the settlement date.
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a 
new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new 
loan are substantially different from the old loan.  This is nor-
mally the case if the present value of the cash flows of the 
new loan discounted by the original interest rate differs by 
more than 10% from the present value of the remaining 
expected cash flows of the old loan.  The same principles 
apply to financial liabilities.  The terms and conditions are also 
considered to be significantly different for financial assets 
where the modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original cash 
flows were not SPPI and vice versa.
In some cases, Nordea enters into transactions where it 
transfers assets that are recognised on the balance sheet but 
retains either all or a portion of risks and rewards from the 
transferred assets.  If all or substantially all risks and rewards 
are retained, the transferred assets are not derecognised from 
the balance sheet.  If Nordea’s counterparty can sell or 
repledge the transferred assets, the assets are reclassified to 
the item “Financial instruments pledged as collateral” on the 
balance sheet.  Transfers of assets with retention of all or sub-
stantially all risks and rewards include e. g.  securities lending 
agreements and repurchase agreements.
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the liability is extinguished.  Normally this occurs 
when Nordea performs, for example when Nordea repays a 
deposit to the counterparty, i. e.  on the settlement date.  Finan-
cial liabilities under trade date accounting are generally 
derecognised and a liability is recognised as “Other liabilities” 
on the balance sheet on the trade date.  
For further information, see sections “Securities borrowing 
and lending agreements” and “Repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements” within section 13 “Financial instru-
ments”, as well as Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained 
collaterals”.
9. Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies
The functional currency of each entity (subsidiary or branch) 
is decided based upon the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates.  Foreign currency is defined as any 
currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  For-
eign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate 
on the date of the transaction.  Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of transac-
tions at rates different from those at the date of the transac-
tion, and unrealised translation differences on unsettled for-
eign currency monetary assets and liabilities, are recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
10. Hedge accounting
As part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea has iden-
tified a series of risk categories with corresponding hedging 
strategies using derivative instruments, as set out in Note G2 
“Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market risk section) 
and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge accounting”. 
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies one of 
three types of hedge accounting: 
•	 Fair value hedge accounting
•	 Cash flow hedge accounting 
•	 Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 
9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with 
the carve-out version of IAS 39.  
The EU carve-out version enables a group of derivatives 
(or proportions thereof) to be viewed in combination and be 
designated as the hedging instrument.  It also removes some 
of the limitations in fair value hedge accounting relating to 
hedging core deposits and under-hedging strategies.  
At inception, Nordea formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, including 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument, the nature of the risk, the risk manage-
ment objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and 
the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of 
the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis.
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge to 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 349 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
90
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
be highly effective.  A hedge is regarded as highly effective if 
at inception and throughout its life it can be expected that 
changes in fair value of the hedged item, as regards the 
hedged risk, can be essentially offset by changes in fair value 
of the hedging instrument.  The result should be within a 
range of 80–125%.
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships.
Fair value hedge accounting
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives are 
hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability 
attributable to a specific risk in accordance with Nordea’s risk 
management policies set out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note G19 “Deriv-
atives and hedge accounting”. The risk of changes in fair 
value of assets and liabilities in Nordea’s financial statements 
originates mainly from loans, securities and deposits with a 
fixed interest rate, causing interest rate risk.  Changes in fair 
value from derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are recog-
nised separately in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. Given that the hedge is effec-
tive, the change in fair value of the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument will offset.  
The changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable 
to the risks hedged with the derivative instrument are reflect-
ed in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged 
item, which is also recognised in the income statement.  The 
fair value changes of the hedged items held at amortised cost 
in a portfolio hedge of interest rate risks are reported sepa-
rately from the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on the 
balance sheet.
Fair value hedge accounting in Nordea is performed mainly 
on a portfolio basis.  Any ineffectiveness is recognised in the 
income statement under the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”. 
Hedged items
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a recognised sin-
gle asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment or a 
portion thereof.  The hedged item can also be a group of 
assets, liabilities or firm commitments with similar risk char-
acteristics.  Hedged items in Nordea consist of both individual 
assets or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value.  
Hedge effectiveness
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively, Nordea 
measures the fair value of the hedging instruments and com-
pares the change in fair value of the hedging instrument to 
the change in fair value of the hedged item.  The effectiveness 
measurement is made on a cumulative basis.  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
For fair value hedges, the hedging instrument is measured at 
fair value through profit and loss and the change in fair value 
of the hedged item, up to the point when the hedge relation-
ship is terminated, is amortised to the income statement on a 
straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of the hedged 
item.
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
•	 differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items and 
hedging instruments
•	 different interest rate curves applied to discount the 
hedged items and hedging instruments
•	 the effect of changes in Nordea’s or a counterparty’s credit 
risk on the fair value of the hedging instrument or hedged 
items
•	 disparity between expected and actual prepayments of the 
loan portfolio.  
Cash flow hedge accounting
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market 
risk section) and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge account-
ing”, cash flow hedge accounting is applied when hedging 
the exposure to variability in future interest payments on 
instruments with variable interest rates and for hedging cur-
rency exposures.  The portion of the gain or loss on the hedg-
ing instrument, determined to be an effective hedge, is recog-
nised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity.  The ineffective portion of 
the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recycled to the 
item “Net result from items at fair value” in the income 
statement.  
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other comprehen-
sive income are recycled and recognised in the income state-
ment in the same period as the hedged item affects profit or 
loss, normally in the period that interest income or interest 
expense is recognised.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly probable 
floating interest rate cash flows from recognised assets or lia-
bilities or from future assets or liabilities.  Nordea uses cash 
flow hedges when hedging currency risk in future payments 
of interest and principal in foreign currency and when hedg-
ing interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used at Nordea are predominantly 
cross currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value, where the currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest component 
as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk.  When hedging the 
interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates, 
Nordea uses interest rate derivatives as hedging instruments, 
which are always held at fair value.
Hedge effectiveness
The hypothetical derivative method is used when measuring 
the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow hedges, mean-
ing that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap is used as 
proxy for the present value of the cumulative change in 
expected future cash flows from the hedged transaction (the 
currency component).  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
Changes in the unrealised value of the hedging instrument 
will prospectively from the last time it was proven effective 
be accounted for in the income statement.  The cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog-
nised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result from items 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 350 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
91
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
at fair value” in the income statement if the expected transac-
tion is no longer expected to occur.  
If the expected transaction is no longer highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective remains in other comprehensive income until the 
transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur.
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedg-
es are generally the same as for those for fair value hedges 
described above.  However, for cash flow hedges, prepayment 
risk is less relevant, and the causes of hedging ineffectiveness 
arise from the changes in the timing and the amount of fore-
cast future cash flows.  
Hedges of net investments
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge account-
ing”, Nordea hedges its foreign currency translation risk.  
Translation risk is defined as the risk of loss from investments 
in foreign operations which have a functional currency differ-
ent from that of the Group reporting currency (EUR).  The 
hedging instruments used by Nordea are foreign exchange 
forwards where only the spot component is designated in the 
hedging relationship.  
Translation differences on financial instruments that are 
designated hedging instruments in a hedge of a net invest-
ment in a group undertaking are recognised in other compre-
hensive income, to the extent that the hedge is effective.  This 
is performed in order to offset the translation differences 
affecting other comprehensive income when consolidating 
the group undertaking into Nordea.  Hedge ineffectiveness 
can arise to the extent that the hedging instruments exceed in 
nominal terms the risk exposure from foreign operations.  Any 
ineffectiveness is recognised in the income statement in the 
item “Net result from items at fair value”.
See also section 9 “Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies”.
11. Determination of fair value of financial instruments
Fair value is defined as the price that at the measurement 
date would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants 
under current market conditions in the principal market for 
the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they exist 
they are used to measure financial assets and financial liabili-
ties.  An active market for the asset or liability is a market in 
which transactions for the asset or liability occur with suffi-
cient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on 
an ongoing basis.  The absolute level for liquidity and volume 
required for a market to be considered active varies with the 
instrument classes.  For some classes low price volatility is 
seen, also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high.  For instruments in such a class the 
liquidity requirements are lower and, correspondingly, the 
age limit for the prices used for establishing fair value is 
higher.
The trade frequency and volume are monitored regularly in 
order to assess if markets are active or non-active.  Nordea is 
predominantly using published price quotations to establish 
fair value for items disclosed under the following balance 
sheet items:
•	 Interest-bearing securities
•	 Shares (listed)
•	 Derivatives (listed)
•	 Debt securities in issue (issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit 	Realkreditaktieselskab)
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to represent actu-
al and regularly occurring market transactions or if quoted pric-
es are not available, fair value is established by using an appro-
priate valuation technique.  The adequacy of the valuation tech-
nique, including an assessment of whether to use quoted prices 
or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular basis.
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models.  Valua-
tion models are designed to apply observable market prices 
and rates as input whenever possible but can also make use 
of unobservable model parameters.  The adequacy of the val-
uation model is assessed by measuring its capability to hit 
market prices.  This is done by comparison of calculated prices 
to relevant benchmark data, e. g.  quoted prices from exchang-
es, the counterparty´s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc.
Nordea is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the following 
balance sheet items:
•	 Loans to the public (mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit 	
Realkreditaktieselskab)
•	 Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in an 
active market are not available)
•	 Shares (when quoted prices in an active market are not 
available)
•	 Derivatives (OTC derivatives)
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated by a 
valuation technique, it is investigated whether the variables 
used in the valuation model are predominantly based on data 
from observable markets.  By data from observable markets, 
Nordea considers data that can be collected from generally 
available external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices.  If non-observable data has a 
significant impact on the valuation, the instrument cannot be 
recognised initially at the fair value estimated by the valua-
tion technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the con-
tractual life of the instrument.  The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable data 
becomes observable.
Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments measured 
on the basis of:
•	 quoted prices in active markets for the same instrument 
(level 1), 
•	 valuation technique using observable data (level 2), and 
•	 valuation technique using non-observable data (level 3).
The valuation models applied by Nordea are consistent with 
accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instru-
ments and incorporate the factors that market participants 
consider when setting a price.
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on a reg-
ular basis.
For further information, see Note G41 “Assets and liabilities 
at fair value”.
12. Cash and balances with central banks
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign cur-
rencies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in 
accounts with central banks and postal giro systems under 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 351 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
92
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
government authority, where the following conditions are 
fulfilled:
•	 The central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institutions are established
•	 The balance is readily available at any time
13. Financial instruments
Classification of financial instruments
Each financial instrument has been classified into one of the 
following categories:
Financial assets:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
	- Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
	- Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
•	 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
Financial liabilities:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
	- Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
	- Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on the 
business model for the portfolio where the instrument is 
included and on whether the cash flows are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI).
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely pay-
ments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss.  All other assets are classified 
based on the business model.  Instruments included in a port-
folio with a business model where the intention is to keep the 
instruments and collect contractual cash flows are measured 
at amortised cost.  Instruments included in a business model 
where the intention is both to keep the instruments to collect 
the contractual cash flows and to sell the instruments are 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
Financial assets included in any other business model are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss.  
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective.  To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account.  When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio Nordea has ana-
lysed the objective for the financial assets, as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value.  The classification of financial instruments into dif-
ferent categories forms the basis for how each instrument is 
subsequently measured on the balance sheet and how 
changes in its value are recognised.  In the table “Classifica-
tion of financial instruments in Note G40”, the classification of 
the financial instruments on Nordea’s balance sheet into the 
different categories under IFRS 9 is presented.
Amortised cost
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are 
initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value, includ-
ing transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
instruments within this category are measured at amortised 
cost.  In an amortised cost measurement, the difference 
between acquisition cost and redemption value is amortised 
in the income statement over the remaining term using the 
effective interest rate method.  Amortised cost is defined as 
the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is 
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repay-
ments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the 
effective interest method of any difference between that ini-
tial amount and the maturity amount and for financial assets, 
adjusted for any loss allowance.  For more information about 
the effective interest rate method see section 6, “Net interest 
income”. For information about impairment under IFRS 9, see 
section 14 below.
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised cost 
is recognised in the items “Interest income” and “Interest 
expense” in the income statement.  
This category consists of mainly all loans and deposits, 
except for reversed repurchase/repurchase agreements and 
securities borrowing/lending agreements in Markets and 
mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab.  This 
category also includes interest bearing securities mainly relat-
ed to a portfolio of interest-bearing securities in Life & Pen-
sions in Norway, subordinated liabilities and debt securities in 
issue, except for bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditak-
tieselskab and issued structured bonds in Markets.
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss are measured at fair value, excluding transaction 
costs.  All changes in fair values are recognised directly in the 
income statement in the item “Net result from items at fair 
value”. However, fair value adjustments of the margin compo-
nent on loans in “hold” portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value (SPPI fails) are recognised in the income statement on 
the line “Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily 
held at fair value”.
The category consists of two sub-categories: Mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit and loss and Designat-
ed at fair value through profit or loss (fair value option).
The sub-category Mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains mainly all assets in Markets, 
trading liabilities in Markets, interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer, derivative instruments, 
shares, mortgage loans in the Danish subsidiary Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab and financial assets under 
“Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts”. Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked invest-
ment contracts are contracts with customers and policyhold-
ers where the total risk is born by the policyholders.  The 
deposits are invested in different types of financial assets on 
behalf of customers and policyholders.  
The major parts of the financial assets/liabilities classified 
into the category Designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are issued bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab 
and assets and liabilities in Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Liabilities in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are clas-
sified into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mis-
match.  When Nordea grants mortgage loans to customers in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law Nordea at 
the same time issues bonds with matching terms, so-called 
“match funding”. The customers can repay the loans either 
through repayments of the principal or by purchasing the 
issued bonds and returning them to Nordea as a settlement 
of the loan.  The bonds play an important part in the Danish 
money market and Nordea consequently buys and sells own 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 352 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
93
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
bonds in the market.  The loans are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss because they fail the SPPI (Solely Pay-
ments of Principle and Interest) criteria, and if the bonds 
were measured at amortised cost, this would give rise to an 
accounting mismatch.  To avoid such an accounting mismatch 
Nordea measures the bonds at fair value with all changes in 
fair value including changes in credit risk recognised in profit 
or loss.  
All assets in Nordea Life & Pensions held under investment 
contracts are classified into the category Designated at fair 
value through profit or loss to eliminate or significantly 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to the poli-
cyholders that are measured at fair value.  The investment 
contracts (unit-linked) classified as “Liabilities to policyhold-
ers” on the balance sheet are managed at fair value and con-
sequently classified into the category Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss.  Changes in own credit risk are recog-
nised in profit and loss as recognising such changes in other 
comprehensive income would create an accounting mis-
match.  Assets held under insurance contracts (defined in sec-
tion 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”), except for a portfolio of 
interest-bearing securities in Norway, are classified into the 
category Designated at fair value through profit or loss to 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to policy-
holders that are generally measured at current value.
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts that are not mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss are classified into the category Desig-
nated at fair value through profit or loss to avoid an account-
ing mismatch with the related deposits.  Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-linked investment contracts are managed 
at fair value and consequently also classified into the catego-
ry Designated at fair value through profit or loss.  The value of 
these deposits is directly linked to assets in the contacts and 
there is consequently no effect from changes in own credit 
risk in these contracts.  
Nordea also applies the fair value option on issued struc-
tured bonds in Markets as these instruments include embed-
ded derivatives not closely related to the host contract.  The 
change in fair value of these issued structured bonds is recog-
nised in profit and loss except for the changes in credit risk 
that are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value through profit and loss in Mar-
kets and Nordea Life & Pensions are classified as “Net result 
from items at fair value”.
Financial asset at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are initially measured at fair value plus transaction 
costs.  This category mainly consists of the interest-bearing 
securities included in part of the liquidity buffer.  Changes in 
fair values, except for interest, foreign exchange effects and 
impairment losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in 
equity through other comprehensive income.  Interest is rec-
ognised in the item “Interest income”, foreign exchange 
effects in “Net result from items at fair value” and impairment 
losses in the item “Net loan losses” in the income statement.  
When an instrument is disposed of, the fair value changes 
previously accumulated in the fair value reserve in other com-
prehensive income are removed from equity and recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”. For information about impairment under IFRS 9, 
see section 14 below.
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments are contracts con-
taining a host contract and an embedded derivative instru-
ment.  Such combinations arise predominantly from the issu-
ance of structured debt instruments, such as issued index-
linked bonds and loans with embedded collars and caps.
Index-linked bonds issued by Group Treasury are consid-
ered to be part of the funding activities.  The host, the zero-
coupon bond, is measured at amortised cost.  The embedded 
derivatives in those instruments are separated from the host 
contract and accounted for as stand-alone derivatives at fair 
value, if the economic characteristics and risks of the embed-
ded derivative are not closely related to the economic charac-
teristics and risks of the host contract, and the embedded 
derivative meets the definition of a derivative instrument.  
Changes in fair values of the embedded derivatives are rec-
ognised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
For structured bonds issued by Markets, Nordea applies 
the fair value option, and the entire combined instrument, the 
host contract together with the embedded derivative, is mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss.  Changes in fair val-
ues are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” and presented as “Debt securi-
ties in issue” on the balance sheet.
Securities borrowing and lending agreements
Generally, securities borrowings and securities lending trans-
actions are entered into on a collateralised basis.  Unless the 
risks and rewards of ownership are transferred, the securities 
are not recognised on or derecognised from the balance 
sheet.  In cases where the counterparty is entitled to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet item “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities in securities lending transactions are also dis-
closed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash collateral advanced (securities borrowing) to coun-
terparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to 
central banks”, “Loans to credit institutions” or as “Loans to 
the public”. Cash collateral received (securities lending) from 
counterparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Depos-
its by credit institutions” or as “Deposits and borrowings from 
the public”.
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements and secu-
rities received under reverse repurchase agreements are not 
derecognised from or recognised on the balance sheet.  In 
cases where the counterparty has the right to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet line “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements are also 
disclosed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash received under repurchase agreements is recognised 
on the balance sheet as “Deposits by credit institutions” or as 
“Deposits and borrowings from the public”. Cash delivered 
under reverse repurchase agreements is recognised on the 
balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” or as “Loans to the public”.
A sale of a security not owned by Nordea is defined as a 
short sale and triggers the recognition of a trading liability 
(Sold not held securities) presented as “Other liabilities” on 
the balance sheet.  The short sale is generally covered through 
a Securities Financing Transaction (SFT), normally a reverse 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 353 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
94
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
repurchase agreement or other forms of securities borrowing 
agreements.
Derivatives
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and mea-
sured at fair value.  Derivatives with total positive fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as assets in the 
item “Derivatives” on the asset side.  Derivatives with total 
negative fair values, including any accrued interest, are recog-
nised as liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability 
side.
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from derivatives 
are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Nordea offsets financial assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the ordinary course 
of business and in case of default, bankruptcy and insolvency 
of Nordea and the counterparties, and if the intent is to settle 
the items net or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.  
Exchanged-traded derivatives are generally accounted for 
as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or received, and 
the instrument is reset to market terms.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities against central counterparty clearing houses 
are offset on the balance sheet if the transaction currency 
and the central counterparty is the same.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities related to bilateral OTC derivative transac-
tions are not offset on the balance sheet.
In addition, loans and deposits related to repurchase and 
reverse repurchase transaction with CCP are offset on the 
balance sheet if the assets and liabilities relate to the same 
central counterparty, are settled in the same currency and 
have the same maturity date.  Loans and deposits related to 
repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions that are 
made in accordance with the Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (GMRA) are offset on the balance sheet if the 
assets and liabilities relate to the same counterparty, are set-
tled in the same currency, have the same maturity date and 
are settled through the same settlement institution.
Issued debt and equity instruments
A financial instrument issued by Nordea is either classified as 
a financial liability or equity.  Issued financial instruments are 
classified as a financial liability if the contractual arrangement 
results in Nordea having a present obligation to either deliver 
cash or another financial asset or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument.  If this is not the 
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and 
classified as equity, net of transaction costs.  Where issued 
financial instruments contain both liability and equity compo-
nents, these are accounted for separately.  
14. Loans to the public/credit institutions
Scope
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or Fair 
value through other comprehensive income are in scope for 
recognising impairment due to credit risk.  This includes assets 
recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, 
Loans to credit institutions”, “Loans to the public” and “Inter-
est-bearing securities”. These balance sheet lines also include 
assets classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations.  See section 13 above 
and Note G40 on “Classification of financial instruments”.
Off-balance-sheet commitments, contingent liabilities and 
loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations.
Recognition and presentation
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an offsetting 
allowance for the expected credit losses if the loss is not 
regarded as final.  The allowance account is disclosed net on 
the face of the balance sheet, but the allowance account is 
disclosed separately in the notes.  Changes in the allowance 
account are recognised in the income statement and classi-
fied as “Net loan losses”.
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported as 
a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan and the 
related allowance for impairment loss are derecognised.  An 
impairment loss is regarded as final when the obligor has 
filed for bankruptcy and the administrator has declared the 
economic outcome of the bankruptcy procedure, or when 
Nordea forgives its claims either through a legally based or 
voluntary reconstruction, or when Nordea, for other reasons, 
deem it unlikely that the claim will be recovered.  
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are classified as 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet, with changes in provisions 
classified as “Net loan losses”.
Assets classified as Fair value through other comprehen-
sive income are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet.  
Impairment losses calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 are 
recognised in the income statement and classified as “Net 
loan losses”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income”.
Impairment testing 
Nordea classifies all exposures into stages on an individual 
basis.  Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no signifi-
cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, stage 2 
includes assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets.  Nordea 
monitors whether there are indicators of exposures being 
credit impaired (stage 3) by identifying events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss 
event).  Nordea applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation.  More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in Note G2 “Risk and 
Liquidity management”. Exposures without individually calcu-
lated allowances will be covered by the model-based impair-
ment calculation.
For significant exposures that have been individually iden-
tified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impairment 
loss is made on an individual basis.  The carrying amount of 
the exposure is compared with the sum of the net present 
value of expected future cash flows.  If the carrying amount is 
higher, the difference is recognised as an impairment loss.  
The expected cash flows are discounted with the original 
effective interest rate and include the fair value of the collat-
eral and other credit enhancements.  The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are probability 
weighted to derive the net present value.
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impair-
ment loss is measured using the model described below but 
based on the fact that the exposures are already in default.  
Model-based allowance calculation
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a statistical 
model is used for calculating impairment losses.  The provi-
sions are calculated as the exposure at default times the 
probability of default times the loss given default.  For assets 
in stage 1 this calculation is only based on the coming 12 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 354 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
95
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
months, while it for assets in stages 2 and 3 are based on the 
expected lifetime of the asset.
The provisions for exposures where there has been no sig-
nificant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are 
based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1).  Provisions for 
exposures where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, but that are not credit 
impaired, are based on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2).  
This is also the case for the insignificant credit impaired expo-
sures in stage 3.
Nordea uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  For assets 
held at transition on 1 January 2018, the change in internal 
rating and scoring data is used to determine whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  Internal 
rating/scoring information is used to assess the risk of the 
customers and a deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an 
increase in the credit risk of the customer.  Nordea has con-
cluded that it is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets already 
recognised on the balance sheet at transition.  Changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) is used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition.
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea uses a 
mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the transfer 
criterion.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above  
45 bp are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 300 
bp are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Nonretail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 
0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above  
20 bp are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Nonretail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above  
400 bps are transferred to stage 2.
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, the 
change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to match the 
significant increase in credit risk based on lifetime PD.  In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit 
impaired (stage 3).  Exposures with forbearance measures will 
stay in stage 2 for a probation period of 24 months from when 
the measures were introduced.  Once transferred back to 
stage 1, after the probation period, the exposures are treated 
as any other stage 1 exposure when assessing significant 
increase in credit risk.  Exposures more than 90 days past due 
will normally be classified as stage 3, but this classification 
will be rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default.  Such exposures will be classified as stage 2.
Nordea does not use the “low credit risk exemption” in the 
banking operations but uses it for a minor portfolio of inter-
est-bearing securities in the insurance operations.  
When calculating provisions, including the staging assess-
ment, the calculation is based on probability weighted for-
ward-looking information.  Nordea applies three macroeco-
nomic scenarios to address the non-linearity in expected cred-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
it losses.  The different scenarios are used to adjust the relevant 
parameters for calculating expected losses and a probability 
weighted average of the expected losses under each scenario 
is recognised as provisions.  The model is based on data col-
lected before the reporting date, requiring Nordea to identify 
events that should affect the provisions after the data is 
sourced to the model calculation.  Management evaluates 
these events and adjusts the provisions if deemed necessary.
Write-offs
A write-off is a derecognition of a loan or receivable from the 
balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit loss provision.  
When assets are considered as uncollectable, they should be 
written off as soon as possible, regardless of whether the 
legal claim remains or not.  A write-off can take place before 
legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have 
been concluded in full.  Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written off from the balance sheet, the customer 
remains legally obligated to pay the outstanding debt.  When 
assessing the recoverability of non-performing loans and 
determining if write-offs are required, exposures with the fol-
lowing characteristics are in particular focus (the list is not 
exhaustive):
•	 Exposures past due more than 90 days.  If, following this 
assessment, an exposure or part of an exposure is deemed 
as unrecoverable, it is written off.
•	 Exposures under insolvency procedure where the collater-
alisation of the exposure is low.
•	 Exposures where legal expenses are expected to absorb 
proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure and therefore 
estimated recoveries are expected to be low.
•	 A partial write-off may be warranted where there is rea-
sonable financial evidence to demonstrate an inability of 
the borrower to repay the full amount, i. e.  a significant 
level of debt which cannot be reasonably demonstrated to 
be recoverable following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral.
•	 Restructuring cases.
Discount rate
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the original 
effective interest rate for loans attached to an individual cus-
tomer or, if applicable, to a group of loans.  If considered 
appropriate, the discount rate can be based on a method that 
results in an impairment that is a reasonable approximation 
of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation.
Restructured loans and modifications
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan where 
Nordea has granted concessions to the obligor due to their 
financial difficulties and where this concession has resulted in 
an impairment loss for Nordea.  After a reconstruction the loan 
is normally regarded as not impaired if it performs according 
to the new conditions.  In the event of a recovery, the payment 
is reported as a recovery of loan losses.  
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial difficulties (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan.  Normally this reduction is 
less than the existing provision and no loss is recognised in 
the income statement due to modifications.  If significant, the 
gross amounts (loan and allowance) are reduced.  
Assets taken over for protection of claims
In a financial reconstruction the creditor may concede loans 
to the obligor and in exchange for this concession acquires an 
asset pledged for the conceded loans, shares issued by the 
obligor or other assets.  Assets taken over for protection of

--- Page 355 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
96
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
claims are reported on the same balance sheet line as similar 
assets already held by Nordea.  For example, a property taken 
over, not held for Nordea’s own use, is reported together with 
other investment properties.
At initial recognition, all assets taken over for protection of 
claims are recognised at fair value and the possible difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of 
the assets taken over is recognised as “Net loan losses”. The 
fair value of the asset on the date of recognition becomes its 
cost or amortised cost value, as applicable.  In subsequent 
periods, assets taken over for protection of claims are valued 
in accordance with the valuation principles for the appropri-
ate type of asset.  Investment properties are then measured at 
fair value.  Financial assets that are foreclosed are generally 
classified into the categories “Fair value through profit or 
loss” and measured at fair value.  Changes in fair values are 
recognised in the income statement under the line “Net result 
from items at fair value”.
Any change in value, after the initial recognition of the 
asset taken over, is presented in the income statement in line 
with the Group’s presentation policies for the appropriate 
asset.  The item ” Net loan losses” in the income statement is, 
after the initial recognition of the asset taken over, conse-
quently not affected by any subsequent remeasurement of 
the asset.
15. Leasing
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases.  A 
finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease.  The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income.  The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease.  
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment.  Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income”. The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated based on Nordea’s deprecia-
tion policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement.  
Nordea as lessee
At inception Nordea assesses whether a contract is or con-
tains a lease.  A lease is a contract that conveys the user the 
right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.  
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is recognised 
on the commencement date as a right-of-use (ROU) asset 
and the obligation to pay lease payments is recognised as a 
lease liability.  The ROU asset is initially measured as the pres-
ent value of the lease payments plus initial direct costs and 
the cost of obligations to refurbish the asset less any lease 
incentives received.  Non-lease components are separated.  
The discount rate used to calculate the lease liability for each 
contract is the incremental borrowing rate at commencement 
of the contract.  In significant premises contracts the rate 
implicit in the contract may be used if available.  
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets and 
the lease liabilities as “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet.  
The depreciation policy is consistent with that of similar 
owned assets, but the depreciation period is normally capped 
at the end of the lease term.  Impairment testing of the right-
of-use assets is performed following the same principles as 
for similar owned assets.  Interest expense on lease liabilities 
is presented as “Interest expense” in the income statement.  
The assets are classified as Land and buildings and Equip-
ment.  Equipment mainly comprises vehicles and IT hardware.  
Nordea applies the practical expedient for short-term con-
tracts (with a contract term of 12 months or less) both for 
Land and buildings and for Equipment.  The practical expedi-
ent for low value assets is applied to Equipment.  Short-term 
and low value contracts are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and the payments are recognised as expenses in the 
income statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term unless another systematic way better 
reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit.  
Leases are mainly related to office premises contracts but 
also to company cars, IT hardware and other assets normal to 
the business.  The premises are mainly divided into banking 
branches and headoffices.  The premises contracts are actively 
managed with focus on the effective use of the premises and 
the changes in the business environment.  The lease payments 
generally include fixed payments and especially in premises 
contracts also variable payments that depend on an index.  
Residual value guarantees, or purchase options are generally 
not used.
The lease term is the expected lease term.  This comprises 
the non-cancellable period of lease contracts and any options 
that Nordea is reasonably certain to exercise.  The length of 
contracts with no end date is estimated by considering all 
facts and circumstances.  
The expected lease term of most of the premises contracts 
is 1–10 years whereas the expected lease term of the main 
head office contracts in the Nordic countries is 15–25 years.  
These contracts generally have renewal options.  
Embedded leases
Agreements can contain a right to use an asset in return for a 
payment, or a series of payments, although the agreement is 
not in the legal form of a leasing contract.  If applicable, these 
assets are separated from the contract and accounted for as 
leased assets.
16. Intangible assets
Intangible assets are identifiable, non-monetary assets with-
out physical substance.  The assets are under Nordea’s control, 
which means that Nordea has the power and rights to obtain 
the future economic benefits flowing from the underlying 
resource.  The intangible assets in Nordea mainly consist of 
goodwill, IT development/computer software and customer-
related intangible assets.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition 
over the fair value of Nordea’s share of net identifiable assets 
of the acquired group undertaking/associated undertaking/
joint venture at the date of acquisition.  Goodwill on acquisi-
tion of group undertakings and joint ventures is included in 
“Intangible assets”. Goodwill on acquisitions of associated 
undertaking is not recognised as a separate asset but includ-
ed in “Investments in associated undertakings”. Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events  
or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be 
impaired.  Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impair-
ment losses.  Impairment losses on goodwill cannot be 
reversed in subsequent periods.  Goodwill related to associ-
ated undertakings and joint ventures is not tested for impair-
ment separately but included in the total carrying amount of 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 356 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
97
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
the associated undertakings and the joint ventures.  The poli-
cies covering impairment testing of associated undertakings 
and joint ventures are disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of 
operating income and impairment”.
IT development/Computer software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software pro-
grams are expensed as incurred.  Costs directly associated 
with major software development investments, with the abil-
ity to generate future economic benefits, are recognised as 
intangible assets.  These costs include software development 
staff costs and overhead expenditures directly attributable to 
preparing the asset for use.  Computer software also includes 
acquired software licences not related to the function of a 
tangible asset.
Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the 
useful life of the software, generally a period of 3 to 5 years, 
and in some circumstances for strategic infrastructure up to a 
maximum of 10 years.
Customer-related intangible assets
In business combinations a portion of the purchase price is 
normally allocated to a customer-related intangible asset, if 
the asset is identifiable and under Nordea’s control.  An intan-
gible asset is identifiable if it arises from contractual or legal 
rights, or could be separated from the entity and sold, trans-
ferred, licensed, rented or exchanged.  The asset is amortised 
over its useful life, generally over 10 years.
Impairment 
Goodwill and IT development not yet taken into use are not 
amortised but tested for impairment annually irrespective of 
any indications of impairment.  Impairment testing is also per-
formed more frequently if required due to any indication of 
impairment.  The impairment charge is calculated as the dif-
ference between the carrying amount and the recoverable 
amount.  
At each balance sheet date, all intangible assets with defi-
nite useful lives, including IT development taken into use, are 
reviewed for indications of impairment.  If such indications 
exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying 
amount of the intangible asset is fully recoverable.  
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the asset or the cash-gen-
erating unit, which is defined as the smallest identifiable 
group of assets that generate largely independent cash flows 
in relation to other assets.  For goodwill and IT development 
not yet taken into use, the cash generating units are defined 
as the operating segments.  The value in use is the present 
value of the cash flows expected to be realised from the asset 
or the cash-generating unit.  The cash flows are assessed 
based on the asset or cash-generating unit in its current con-
dition and discounted at a rate based on the long-term risk-
free interest rate plus a risk premium.  If the recoverable 
amount is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss 
is recognised.  See Note G21 “Intangible assets” for more infor-
mation on the impairment testing.
17. Properties and equipment
Properties and equipment include own-used properties, 
leasehold improvements, IT equipment, furniture and other 
equipment.  Items of properties and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses.  The cost of an item of properties and 
equipment comprises its purchase price as well as any direct-
ly attributable costs of bringing the asset to the working con-
dition for its intended use.  When parts of an item of property 
and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items.
Properties and equipment are depreciated on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets.  The esti-
mates of the useful life of different assets are reassessed on a 
yearly basis.  Below follow the current estimates:
Buildings	
30–75 years
Equipment	
3–5 years
Leasehold  
improvements 	
Changes within buildings the shorter of 10 
years and the remaining leasing term.  New 
construction the shorter of the principles 
used for owned buildings and the remain-
ing leasing term.  Fixtures installed in 
leased properties are depreciated over the 
shorter of 10–20 years and the remaining 
leasing term.
At each balance sheet date, Nordea assesses whether there is 
any indication that an item of property and equipment may 
be impaired.  If any such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the asset is estimated, and any impairment loss is 
recognised.
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
18. Investment properties
Investment properties are primarily properties held to earn 
rent and/or capital appreciation.  The majority of the proper-
ties in Nordea are attributable to Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Nordea applies the fair value model for subsequent measure-
ment of investment properties.  The best evidence of a fair 
value is normally given by quoted prices in an active market 
for similar properties in the same location and condition.  As 
these prices are rarely available, discounted cash flow projec-
tion models based on reliable estimates of future cash flows 
are also used.  
Net rental income, gains and losses as well as fair value 
adjustments are recognised directly in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value”.
19. Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders include obligations according to 
insurance contracts and investment contracts with policy-
holders for all the companies in Nordea Life & Pensions, 
including companies in Sweden, Norway, Finland and 
Denmark.
An insurance contract is defined as “a contract under 
which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance 
risks from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future 
event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder”.
Investment contracts are contracts with policyholders that 
have the legal form of insurance contracts but where the 
insurance risk transfer has been assessed to be insignificant.
The insurance risk is generally calculated as the risk sum 
payable as a percentage of the reserve behind the contract at 
the beginning of the contract period.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 357 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
98
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
The contracts can be divided into the following classes:
•	  Insurance contracts:
	- Traditional life insurance contracts with and without dis-
cretionary participation feature
	- Unit-linked contracts with significant insurance risk
	- Health and personal accident 
•	 Investment contracts:
	- Investment contracts with discretionary participation 
feature
	- Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
feature
Insurance contracts 
The measurement principles under local GAAP have been 
maintained, consequently resulting in a non-uniform account-
ing policies method on consolidation.
The measurement of traditional life insurance provisions in 
Denmark and Finland are prepared by calculating the present 
value of future benefits, to which the policyholders are enti-
tled.  The calculation includes assumptions about market con-
sistent discounting rates as well as expenses and life risk.  The 
discount rate is based on the liabilities’ current term.  In Den-
mark, the provision also includes bonus potential on paid pol-
icies and on future premiums.
In Norway the traditional life insurance provisions are 
mainly calculated on the basis of a prospective method.  The 
discount rate used is equal to the original tariff rates adjusted 
for assumptions about expenses and risk.  
The accounting policy for each company is based on the 
local structure of the business and is related to the solvency 
rules and national regulations concerning profit sharing and 
other requirements about collective bonus potential (not allo-
cated provisions that protect the policyholders).
Unit-linked contracts represent life insurance provisions 
relating to unit-linked policies written either with or without 
an investment guarantee.  Unit-linked contracts classified as 
insurance contracts include the same insurance risk elements 
as traditional insurance contracts.  These contracts are mainly 
recognised and measured at fair value on the basis of: 
•	 the fair value of the assets linked to the unit-linked con-
tracts, and
•	 the estimated present value of the insurance risk which is 
calculated in the same way as traditional insurance con-
tracts considering the impact on every risk element includ-
ed in the cash flows.
Health and personal accident provisions include premium 
reserves and claims outstanding.  This item is recognised and 
measured on deferred basis, the same principle as used for 
general insurance contracts.  
Investment contracts 
Contracts classified as investment contracts are contracts 
with policyholders which do not transfer sufficient insurance 
risk to be classified as insurance contracts and are written 
with an investment guarantee or a discretionary participation 
feature.
Investment contracts with discretionary participation fea-
tures are, in line with IFRS 4, accounted for as insurance con-
tracts using local accounting principles.  Nordea Life & Pen-
sions has only a small number of these contracts.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features are recognised and measured at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, equal to fair value of the assets linked to 
these contracts.  These assets are classified into the category 
Designated at fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch.
Discretionary participating features (DPF)
Some traditional life insurance contracts and investment con-
tracts include a contractual right for the policyholder to 
receive significant benefits in addition to guaranteed benefits.  
Nordea has discretion to pay these additional benefits as 
bonus on risk result, expense result and interest rate.  These 
DPF-contracts (collective bonus potential) are classified as 
liabilities on the balance sheet.
Collective bonus potential includes amounts allocated but 
not attributed to the policyholders.  In Finland, collective bonus 
potential includes the policyholder’s part of the total unre-
alised investment gains and bonus potential on paid policies 
and future premiums (the difference between retrospective 
and market consistent prospective measurement principles of 
the insurance contracts).  In Norway, collective bonus potential 
includes the policyholder’s part of both the total unrealised 
investment gains and additional reserves.  In Sweden and Den-
mark, the main valuation principle is fair value (insurance con-
tracts).  The policyholder’s part of both realised and unrealised 
investment gains is therefore included on the balance sheet 
representing either “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” and/or “Change in collective bonus potentials, Life 
insurance”, depending on whether the investment result is 
allocated or not.  Both the mentioned lines are included on  
the balance sheet line “Liabilities to policyholders”.
Liability adequacy test
The adequacy of insurance provisions is assessed at each 
reporting date to ensure that the carrying amount of the lia-
bilities is higher than the best estimate of future cash flows 
discounted with current interest rates.  If needed, additional 
provisions are accounted for and recognised in the income 
statement.  
20. Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked investment contracts
Deposit in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts are contracts with customers and policyholders where 
the total risk is born by the customers or the policyholders.  
The deposits are invested in different types of financial assets 
on behalf of the customers and policyholders.  
Unit-Linked investment contracts include investment con-
tracts written without any investment guarantees and that do 
not transfer sufficient insurance risk to be classified as insur-
ance contracts.
The assets and deposits in these contracts are recognised 
and measured at fair value as described in section 13 “Finan-
cial instrument” above.
21. Taxes
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement com-
prises current and deferred income tax.  The income tax expense 
is recognised in the income statement, unless the tax effect 
relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, in which case the tax effect is recognised in 
other comprehensive income or in equity respectively.  
Current tax is the expected tax expense on the taxable 
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax pay-
able in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using the 
balance sheet method, for temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation pur-
poses.  Deferred tax assets are recognised for the carry for-
ward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits.  Deferred 
tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising on ini-
tial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 358 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
99
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
not a business combination and that affects neither account-
ing nor taxable profit, nor for differences relating to invest-
ments in group undertakings, associated undertakings and 
joint ventures to the extent that it is probable that they will 
not reverse in the foreseeable future.  In addition, deferred tax 
is not recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on 
the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, 
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.  Deferred tax assets and liabili-
ties are not discounted.  A deferred tax asset is recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences, tax 
losses carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised.  
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and 
are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.  
Tax positions are regularly reviewed to identify situations 
where it is not probable that the relevant tax authorities will 
accept the treatment used in the tax filings.  Uncertain tax posi-
tions are considered independently or as a group, depending 
on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncer-
tainty.  If Nordea concludes it is not probable that the taxation 
authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of 
uncertainty is reflected when determining the related taxable 
profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax cred-
its or tax rates.  This is done by using either the most likely 
amount or the expected value, depending on which method 
better predicts the outcome of the uncertainty.  Uncertain tax 
treatment can affect both current tax and deferred tax.
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to recover 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  Deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities are generally offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities.
22. Provisions
Provisions (which are presented as a liability) are recognised 
when Nordea has a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
as a result of a past event if it is probable (i. e.  more likely than 
not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic ben-
efits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.  The 
amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the 
expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the 
end of the reporting period.
Provisions relating to Employee benefits are further 
described in section 24 and provisions relating to Financial 
guarantees contract and credit commitments are described in 
section 26.  
Contingent liabilities are not recognised as liabilities on the 
balance sheet but disclosed in Note G38 “Contingent liabili-
ties” unless the possibility of an outflow is remote.  A contin-
gent liability is a possible obligation whose existence will be 
confirmed only by future event(s) not wholly within Nordea’s 
control or a present obligation that is not recognised because 
it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required 
to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot 
be measured within sufficient reliability.  
23. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit 
or loss attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp by 
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the period.  
Diluted earnings per share are determined by adjusting the 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for 
the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, consisting 
of rights to performance shares in the long-term incentive 
programmes and contracts on Nordea shares that can be set-
tled in Nordea shares, i. e.  derivatives such as options and 
warrants and their equivalents.  Such contracts affect diluted 
earnings per share when and only when the average price of 
ordinary shares during the period exceeds the exercise price 
of the options or warrants (i. e.  they are in the money).  
The potential ordinary shares are only considered to be 
dilutive on the balance sheet date, if all performance condi-
tions are fulfilled and if a conversion to ordinary shares would 
decrease earnings per share.  The rights are furthermore con-
sidered dilutive only when the exercise price, with the addi-
tion of future services, is lower than the period’s average 
share price.
24. Employee benefits
All forms of consideration given by Nordea to its employees 
as compensation for services performed are employee ben-
efits.  Short-term benefits are to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period when the services have 
been performed.  Post-employment benefits are benefits pay-
able after the termination of the employment.  Post-employ-
ment benefits in Nordea consist only of pensions.  Termination 
benefits normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if an employee accepts an offer 
of voluntary redundancy.
Short-term benefits
Short-term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable sal-
ary.  Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in the peri-
od when the employees have performed services to Nordea.  
Nordea has also issued share-based payment programmes, 
which are further described in section 27 “Share-based 
payment”. 
More information can be found in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Post-employment benefits
Pension plans
The companies within Nordea have various pension plans, 
consisting of both defined benefit pension plans and defined 
contribution pension plans, reflecting national practices and 
conditions in the countries where Nordea operates.  Defined 
benefit pension plans are predominantly sponsored in Swe-
den, Norway and Finland.  The major defined benefit pension 
plans are funded schemes covered by assets in pension 
funds/foundations.  If the fair value of plan assets, associated 
with a specific pension plan, is lower than the gross present 
value of the defined benefit obligation determined using the 
projected unit credit method, the net amount is recognised as 
a liability (“Retirement benefit liabilities”).  If not, the net 
amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement benefit 
assets”).  Non-funded pension plans are recognised as 
“Retirement benefit liabilities”.
Most pensions in Denmark, but also plans in other coun-
tries, are based on defined contribution arrangements that 
hold no pension liability for Nordea.  All defined benefit pen-
sion plans are closed for new employees.  Nordea also con-
tributes to public pension systems.
Pension costs
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are recog-
nised as an expense as the employee renders services to the 
entity and the contribution payable in exchange for that ser-
vice becomes due.  Nordea’s net obligation for defined benefit 
pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by esti-
mating the amount of future benefit that employees have 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods.  That

--- Page 359 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
100
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
benefit is discounted to determine its present value.  Actuarial 
calculations including the projected unit credit method are 
applied to assess the present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions and related costs, based on several actuarial and finan-
cial assumptions (as disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement ben-
efit obligations”).  
When establishing the present value of the obligation and 
the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement effects may 
arise as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions and 
experience effects (actual outcome compared to assump-
tions).  The remeasurement effects are recognised immedi-
ately in equity through other comprehensive income.  
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised 
asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds from 
the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.
Social security contribution is calculated and accounted for 
based on the net recognised surplus or deficit by plan and are 
included on the balance sheet as “Retirement benefit liabili-
ties” or “Retirement benefit assets”.
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans
The discount rate is determined by reference to high-quality 
corporate bonds, where a deep enough market for such 
bonds exists.  Covered bonds are in this context considered to 
be corporate bonds.  In countries where no such market exists 
the discount rate is determined by reference to government 
bond yields.  In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the discount 
rate is determined with reference to covered bonds and in 
Finland with reference to corporate bonds.  In Sweden, Nor-
way and Denmark the observed covered bond credit spreads 
over the swap curve are derived from the most liquid long-
dated covered bonds and extrapolated to the same duration 
as the pension obligations using the relevant swap curves.  In 
Finland the corporate bond credit spread over the govern-
ment bond rate is extrapolated to the same duration as the 
pension obligation using the government bond curve.  
Termination benefits
As mentioned above termination benefits normally arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, 
or if an employee accepts an offer of voluntary redundancy.  
Termination benefits do not arise if the employees have to 
continue performing services and the termination benefits can 
be considered to be normal compensation for those services.  
Termination benefits are expensed when Nordea has an 
obligation to make the payment.  An obligation arises when 
there is a formal plan committed to on the appropriate organ-
isational level and when Nordea is without realistic possibility 
of withdrawal, which normally occurs when the plan has 
been communicated to the group affected or to their 
representatives.  
Termination benefits can include both short-term benefits, for 
instance a number of months’ salary, and post-employment 
benefits, normally in the form of early retirement.  Short-term 
benefits are classified as “Salaries and remuneration” and post-
employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note G8 “Staff costs”. 
25. Equity
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests comprise the portion of net assets 
of group undertakings not owned directly or indirectly by 
Nordea Bank Abp.
For each business combination, Nordea measures the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets.
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in Tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in Tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Nordea determines payments on financial instrument clas-
sified as equity (i. e.  Additional Tier 1 instruments) as distribu-
tions of profits and for that reason such payments are 
accounted for as dividends.   
 
Invested unrestricted equity 
The reserve consists of the difference between the subscrip-
tion price and the quota value of the shares in Nordea’s rights 
issue in 2009.  Transaction costs in connection with the rights 
issue have been deducted.  Also acquisitions and sales of own 
shares are recognised under “Invested unrestricted equity”, 
for more information see section 25 “Treasury shares”.
Other reserves
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net of tax 
effects, which are reported in equity through other compre-
hensive income.  These reserves include reserves for cash flow 
hedges, financial assets classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit pension 
plans, as well as a reserve for translation differences.  
Retained earnings
Apart from undistributed profits from previous years, retained 
earnings include the equity portion of untaxed reserves.  
Untaxed reserves according to national rules are accounted 
for as equity net of deferred tax at prevailing tax rates in the 
respective country.
In addition, Nordea’s share of the earnings in associated 
undertakings and joint ventures, after the acquisition date, 
that have not been distributed is included in retained 
earnings.
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are not accounted for as assets.  Acquisitions 
of treasury shares are recognised as a reduction in “Invested 
unrestricted equity” and sales of own shares as an increase in 
“Invested unrestricted equity”. Also own shares in trading 
portfolios are classified as treasury shares.
Contracts on Nordea shares that can be settled net in cash, 
i. e.  derivatives such as options and warrants and their equiva-
lents, are either presented as financial assets or financial 
liabilities.  
26. Financial guarantee contracts and credit commitments
Upon initial recognition, premiums received in issued finan-
cial guarantee contracts and credit commitments are recog-
nised as prepaid income on the balance sheet.  The guaran-
tees and irrevocable credit commitments are subsequently 
measured and recognised as a provision on the balance sheet 
at the higher of either the received fee less amortisation, or 
an amount calculated in accordance with IFRS 9.  Changes in 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 360 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
101
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
provisions are recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net loan losses”. 
Premiums received for financial guarantees are, as stated 
in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and impair-
ment”, amortised over the guarantee period and recognised 
as “Fee and commission income” in the income statement.  
Premiums received on credit commitments are generally 
amortised over the loan commitment period.  The contractual 
amounts are recognised off-balance sheet, net of any provi-
sions.  Financial guarantees are disclosed in the item “Contin-
gent liabilities” and irrevocable credit commitments in the 
item “Commitments”.
27. Share-based payment
Equity-settled programmes
Nordea has annually issued programmes where employees 
participating in these programmes are granted share-based 
equity-settled rights, i. e.  rights to receive shares for free or to 
acquire shares in Nordea at a significant discount compared 
to the share price at grant date.  
The grant date fair value of these rights is expensed on a 
straight-line basis over the vesting period.  The fair value per 
right is estimated at grant date and not subsequently updated.  
The vesting period is the period over which the employees have 
to remain in service in Nordea in order for their rights to vest.  
For rights with non-market performance conditions, the 
amount expensed is the grant date fair value per right multi-
plied by the best estimate of rights that will eventually vest, 
which is reassessed at each reporting date.  For rights with 
market performance conditions, the total fair value is estimat-
ed based on the fair value of each right times the maximum 
number of rights at grant date.  Market conditions are taken 
into account when estimating the fair value of the equity 
instruments granted.  Therefore, if all other vesting conditions 
(e. g.  service condition) are met, Nordea recognises the 
expense for grants of equity instruments with market condi-
tions irrespective of whether that market condition is satisfied.  
Social security costs are also allocated over the vesting 
period.  The provision for social security costs is reassessed on 
each reporting date to ensure that the provision is based on 
the rights’ fair value at the reporting date.
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Cash-settled programmes
Nordea has to defer payment of variable salaries under Nor-
dic FSAs’ regulations and general guidelines, as is also the 
case with the Executive Incentive Programme (EIP).  The 
deferred amounts are to some extent indexed using Nordea’s 
TSR (Total Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” 
are cash-settled share-based programmes.  These pro-
grammes are fully vested when the payments of variable sal-
aries are initially deferred, and the fair value of the obligation 
is remeasured on a continuous basis over the deferral period 
using the Nordea TSR.  The remeasurements are, together 
with the related social charges, recognised in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
28. Related party transactions
Nordea defines related parties as:
•	 Shareholders with significant influence
•	 Associated undertakings and joint ventures
•	 Key management personnel
•	 Other related parties
All transactions with related parties are made on the same 
criteria and terms as those of comparable transactions with 
external parties of similar standing, apart from loans granted 
to employees as well as certain other commitments to key 
management, see Note G8 “Staff costs” and Note G38 ”Con-
tingent liabilities”.
Shareholders with significant influence
Shareholders with significant influence are shareholders that 
have the power to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of Nordea but do not control those policies.
Associated undertakings and joint ventures
For the definition of associated undertakings and joint ven-
tures, see section 5 “Principles of consolidation”. 
Further information on the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures included in the Nordea Group is found in 
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and joint 
ventures”.
Key management personnel
Key management personnel includes the following positions:
•	 Board of Directors
•	 Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
•	 Group Leadership Team (GLT)
For information about compensation, pensions and other 
transactions with key management personnel, see Note G8 
“Staff costs”. 
Other related parties
Other related parties comprise shareholders with significant 
influence (including its subsidiaries) and close family mem-
bers of key management personnel at Nordea, as well as 
companies controlled or jointly controlled by key manage-
ment personnel or by close family members of key manage-
ment personnel at Nordea.
Information concerning transactions between Nordea and 
other related parties is found in Note G45 “Related-party 
transactions”.
29. Presentation of disposal groups held for sale
If applicable, assets and liabilities related to disposal groups 
are presented on the separate balance sheet lines “Assets 
held for sale” and “Liabilities held for sale”, respectively, as 
from the classification date.  Financial instruments continue to 
be measured under IFRS 9, while non-financial assets are 
held at the lower of carrying amount and fair value.  Compara-
tive figures are not restated.
30. Exchange rates
Jan–Dec 2020
Jan–Dec 2019
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10. 4889
10. 5848
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10. 0220
10. 4563
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4543
7.4661
Balance sheet (at end of year)
7.4405
7.4717
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
10. 7291
9. 8499
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10. 4703
9. 8463
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
82. 6596
72. 4524
Balance sheet (at end of year)
90. 8041
69. 7096

--- Page 361 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
102
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in 
Nordea’s business strategies.  Nordea has defined clear risk 
and liquidity management frameworks including policies and 
instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy and cap-
ital structure.
COVID-19 has been a major risk factor over the course of 
2020 leading to increased volatility in markets and reduced 
liquidity in wholesale funding at the outset of the global lock-
down.  In addition, with anticipation of the impacts on the 
broader economy, banks made large increases in loan loss 
provisions with Nordea being no exception.  Market volatility 
and expected credit migration arising from the impact of 
COVID-19 translated to an increase in Risk Exposure Amount 
(REA) for Nordea.
In response to the impact of COVID-19 on the economy, 
Central Banks and regulatory bodies reacted strongly with 
regulators reducing capital requirements through the so-
called Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR) “Quick Fix”. 
Central Banks cut interest rates, increased their quantitative 
easing (QE) activities and offered long-term financing facili-
ties at low rates.
To protect its balance sheet, Nordea increased its loan loss 
provisions in the first half of the year and took advantage of 
term funding facilities from Central Banks.  In addition, the 
Group Board followed the European Central Bank (ECB) 
direction to withhold payment of any dividends in 2020.  With 
its strong financial position Nordea is able to continue to 
actively support its customers during this challenging time.
In order to continuously monitor potential adverse out-
comes, Nordea has executed a number of internal stress tests 
during 2020 with focus on the COVID-19 situation.  In these 
stress tests, Nordea’s capital and liquidity situation has shown 
good resilience even in the most severe scenarios.  
Internal Control Framework
The Internal Control Framework covers the whole Group and 
it sets out the Group Board’s and senior management’s 
responsibilities towards internal control, all Group Functions 
and Business Areas including outsourced activities and distri-
bution channels.  Under the Internal Control Framework, all 
Business Areas, Group Functions and units are responsible  
for managing the risks they incur in conducting their activities 
and to have controls in place that aim to ensure compliance 
with internal and external requirements.  As part of the Inter-
nal Control Framework, Nordea has established Group Con-
trol Functions with appropriate and sufficient authority, stat-
ure and access to the Group Board to fulfil their mission, as 
well as the Risk Management Framework.
The Internal Control Framework ensures effective and effi-
cient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks, prudent conduct of business, sound 
administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of finan-
cial and non-financial information (both internal and exter-
nal) and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, super-
visory requirements and the Group internal rules.
The internal control process is carried out by the governing 
bodies, risk management functions, management and other 
staff at Nordea.  The internal control process is based on five 
main components: control environment, risk assessment, con-
trol activities, information and communication as well as 
monitoring.  The internal control process is created to ensure 
the necessary fundamentals for the entire organisation to 
contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of internal 
control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of 
roles and responsibilities and common tools and procedures.
Governing bodies for risk, liquidity 
and capital management 
The Group Board, the Board Risk Committee (BRIC), the 
Group CEO in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the Asset and 
Liability Committee (ALCO) and the Risk Committee (RC) are 
the key decision-making bodies for risk, liquidity and capital 
management in Nordea.  In addition, the CEO Credit Commit-
tee, the Executive Credit Committee and Business Area Credit 
Committees are the key bodies for Credit decision-making.  
Group Board and Board Risk Committee
The Group Board has following overarching risk management 
responsibilities.
•	 It decides on the Group risk strategy and the Risk Appetite 
Framework, including the Risk Appetite Statements, with 
annual reviews and additional updates when needed.
•	 It oversees and monitors the implementation of the Risk 
Strategy, Risk Appetite Framework and Risk Management 
Framework, including breaches of risk appetite.  
The Group Board decides on the Group Board Directive on 
Capital including dividend policy, which ensures adequate 
capital levels within the Group, on an ongoing and forward-
looking basis in accordance with Nordea’s business model, 
risk appetite and regulatory requirements and expectations.
Board Risk Committee (BRIC) assists the Group Board in 
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities concerning manage-
ment and control of the risk, risk frameworks, controls and 
processes associated with the Group’s operations, including 
credit, market, liquidity, business, life and operational risk, as 
well as conduct and compliance risk and related frameworks 
and processes.  
President and Chief Executive Officer
The Group CEO is responsible to the Group Board for the 
overall management of the Group's operations and risks.  
Responsibilities include ensuring that the risk strategy and 
risk management decided by the Group Board is implement-
ed, the necessary practical measures are taken and risks are 
monitored and limited.  The Group CEO is supported in deci-
sion making by senior management within the Group GLT.
Group-wide committees have been established in order to 
promote coordination within the Group, thus ensuring com-
mitment to and ownership of Group-wide prioritisations, 
decisions and implementation.  The composition and the areas 
of responsibility of each committee are established in the 
Group Board Directives or Group CEO Instructions for the 
respective committees.
Asset and Liability Committee
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) is sub-ordinated to the 
Group CEO in GLT and chaired by the Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO).  ALCO decides on changes to the financial operations 
and the risk profile of the balance sheet, including asset and 
liability management (ALM), balance sheet management and 
liquidity management.  ALCO also decides on certain issuanc-
es and capital injections for all wholly-owned legal entities 
within the Group.  ALCO has established sub-committees for 
its work and decision-making within specific risk areas.  
Risk Committee
Risk Committee (RC) is sub-ordinated to the Group CEO in 
GLT and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO).  It has been 
established in order to manage the overall Risk Management 
Framework and prepares or provides guidance regarding 
proposals to the Group CEO in GLT and/or the relevant Board 
of Directors on issues of major importance concerning

--- Page 362 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
103
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Nordea’s Risk Management Framework.  Given the Group 
Board decided Risk Appetite Framework, RC decides on the 
allocation of cascaded risks limits to risk-taking units and on 
actions relating to the management of all risks.  The first line 
of defence (1st LoD) is responsible for ensuring that limits are 
further cascaded and operationally implemented.  RC has 
established sub-committees for its work and decision-making 
within specific risk areas.  
Credit decision-making bodies
The governing bodies for Credit Risk and/or the Credit Risk 
Management Framework are the Group Board and BRIC.  The 
Group Board and the local Board of Directors delegate credit 
decision-making according to the Powers to Act as described 
in the Group Board Directive for Risk:
•	 CEO Credit Committee is chaired by the Group CEO and its 
members include the members of the Executive Credit 
Committee.
•	 Executive Credit Committee is chaired by the Head of 
Group Credit Management, and BRIC appoints the mem-
bers of the Executive Credit Committee.
•	 The Executive Credit Committee establishes credit commit-
tees for each Business Area as required by organisational 
and customer segmentation.
BRIC reviews decisions of the CEO Credit Committee and the 
Executive Credit Committee, as well as other strategic credit 
policy matters and development of the credit portfolio.  BRIC 
confirms Industry Group Strategies approved by the RC.
All credit limits within the Nordea Group are based on 
credit decisions or authorizations made by an ultimate Deci-
sion-Making Authority with the right to decide upon that 
limit.  Credit decisions include, inter alia, pricing, risk mitiga-
tion and any terms and conditions related to the limit or 
expected utilisation.  Credit decisions also serve to delegate 
decision making within the approved limit to lower decision 
makers, unless otherwise explicitly decided.
Subsidiary governance
At subsidiary level, the local Board of Director is responsible 
for approving risk appetite limits and capital actions.  The pro-
posals for such items are the joint responsibilities of relevant 
subsidiary management and Group Functions.  
The subsidiary Board of Director has oversight responsibili-
ties concerning the management and control of risk, risk 
management frameworks as well as the processes associated 
with the subsidiary’s operations.  In addition, there are risk 
management functions responsible for the risk management 
framework and processes within the subsidiary.  
The subsidiary CEO is part of the decision-making process 
at the subsidiary level and is responsible for the daily 
operations.
Governance of Risk Management and Compliance
Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) represents Nordea’s inde-
pendent second line of defence (2nd LoD) function.  GRC 
oversees the implementation of the financial and the non-
financial risk policies and according to a risk-based approach, 
monitors and controls the Risk Management Framework 
including the Compliance Risk Management Framework and 
oversees that risks that Nordea is or could be exposed to, are 
identified, assessed, monitored, managed and reported on.  
GRC is organised in divisions with individual risk type respon-
sibility.  The Risk Management Framework ensures consistent 
processes for identifying, assessing and measuring, respond-
ing to and mitigating, controlling and monitoring and report-
ing risks to enable informed decisions on risk-taking.  
The Risk Management Framework encompasses all risks 
to which Nordea is or could be exposed, including off-balance 
sheet risks and risks in a stressed situation.  Detailed risk infor-
mation covering all risks is regularly reported to the RC, GLT, 
BRIC and the Group Board.  In addition to this Nordea’s com-
pliance with regulatory requirements is reported to the GLT 
and the Group Board.  The Group Board and the CEO in each 
legal entity regularly receive local risk reporting.
The Risk Identification and Materiality Assessment Process 
starts with identifying risks to which Nordea is or could be 
exposed.  Risks are then assessed for relevance, classified, and 
included in the Common Risk Taxonomy.
All risks within the Nordea Common Risk Taxonomy need 
to be classified as material or not material for risk manage-
ment and capital purposes.  Material risks are those assessed 
as having a material impact on Nordea’s current and future 
financial position, its customers and stakeholders.  These risks 
will typically, though not always, refer to a higher-level risk 
within the Risk Taxonomy which captures a number of under-
lying risks in which losses arise from a common source.  
Risk appetite
The Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) supports effective risk 
management and a sound risk culture by enabling informed 
decisions on risk-taking, with the objective of ensuring that 
risk-taking activities are conducted within the organisation’s 
risk appetite and that emerging risks are identified and 
addressed in a timely way.
Risk capacity is the maximum level of risk Nordea is 
deemed able to assume given its capital (own funds), its risk 
management and control capabilities and its regulatory con-
straints.  Risk appetite is the aggregate level and types of risk 
Nordea is willing to assume within its risk capacity, in line 
with its business model, to achieve its strategic objectives.  
The Risk Appetite Statements (RAS) are the articulation of 
the Group Board approved risk appetite and comprises the 
qualitative statements and quantitative Limits and Triggers by 
main risk type, which are deemed appropriate to be able to 
operate with a prudent risk profile.  
Credit concentration metrics cover e. g.  sectors and geo-
graphic regions of size or importance.  Stress test metrics are 
applied to credit, market and liquidity risk metrics to ensure a 
forward-looking approach to risk management.  Operational 
risk metrics cover both residual risk levels and requirements 
for mitigating actions as well as limits for incidents and 
losses.  
Risk appetite processes
The RAF contains all processes and controls to establish, 
monitor and communicate Nordea’s risk appetite:
•	 Risk capacity setting based on capital position: On at least 
an annual basis, the Group’s overall risk capacity is aligned 
with the financial and capital planning process, based on 
Nordea’s risk strategy.  Risk capacity is set in line with 
Nordea’s capital position, including an appropriate shock 
absorbing capacity.
•	 Risk appetite allocation by risk type: Risk appetite includes 
Risk Appetite Limits for the main risk types that Nordea is 
or could be exposed to in line with the Risk Taxonomy.  Risk 
Appetite Triggers are also set for these main risk types, to 
act as early indicators for key decision-makers that the risk 
profile for a particular risk type is approaching its Risk 
Appetite Limit.
•	 Risk limit setting: Measurable risk limits are established 
and set at an appropriate level to manage risk-taking 
effectively.  Risk Appetite Limits are set by the Group Board.  
These inform the risk limits which are established and 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 363 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
104
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
approved at lower decision-making levels at Nordea, 
including RC and sub-RC levels, and also other levels as 
appropriate.  Subsidiary risk limits must be set by the 
appropriate governing body in alignment with local regula-
tory requirements and consistent with the Group Risk 
Limits.
•	 Controlling and monitoring risk exposures against risk lim-
its: Regular controlling and monitoring of risk exposures 
compared to risk limits is carried out to ensure that risk-
taking activity remains within risk appetite.
•	 Risk appetite limit breach management process: GRC over-
sees that any Risk Appetite Limit breaches are appropri-
ately escalated to RC and BRIC.  GRC reports monthly on 
any breaches of the risk appetite to the Group Board and 
other relevant governing bodies including a follow-up on 
the status of actions to be taken, until the relevant risk 
exposure is within appetite.  The reporting includes a con-
sistent status indicator to communicate the current risk 
exposure compared to Risk Appetite Limit for all risk types 
covered by the RAS.
Embedding risk appetite in business processes
The end-to-end risk appetite process cycle is aligned with 
other strategic processes, including the Internal Capital Ade-
quacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), Internal Liquidity Ade-
quacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery Plan.  
Moreover, the risk appetite is embedded in business pro-
cesses and communicated across the organisation in order to 
meet Nordea’s objectives of maintaining a sound risk culture.  
This includes but is not limited to ensuring a strong link 
between the assessed risk appetite and the business plans 
and budgets, the capital and liquidity position, the systemic 
risk profile, the recoverability and resolvability assessments 
as well as the incentive structures and remuneration 
framework.
Strengthened ESG Governance
At Nordea, the Group Board has a leading role in driving the 
climate strategy and is assisted by the Board Operations and 
Sustainability Committee (BOSC) in the fulfilment of its over-
sight responsibilities concerning sustainability, related frame-
works and processes.  The Group Board is also assisted by the 
BRIC in the fulfilment of its oversight responsibilities concern-
ing the management of risks, related frameworks, controls 
and processes including Environmental, Social and Gover-
nance (ESG) factors as drivers of existing risks.  Qualitative 
progress updates on the integration of ESG factors in the risk 
management frameworks form part of the regular Board Risk 
Appetite reporting.  Organisationally, ESG is integrated in 
existing processes for decision-making, risk management and 
control, and escalation including committee structures.  
In response to the heightened supervisory and regulatory 
expectations on ESG, a Group-wide Task Force led by the 
Head of Group Credit Risk Control as Chair was established in 
June reporting to Risk Committee and the Chief Risk Officer.  
The Task Force objectives were to assess Nordea's ability to 
comply with the ECB guide on Climate-Related and Environ-
mental Risks and to address any required developments.
Disclosure requirements of the CRR – Capital 
and Risk Management Report 2020
Additional information on risk and capital management is 
presented in the Capital and Risk Management Report 2020, 
in accordance with the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR), which is based on the Basel III framework issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.

--- Page 364 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
105
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Credit Risk management
Credits granted within the Group shall conform to the com- 
mon principles established for the Group.  Nordea strives to 
have a well-diversified credit portfolio that is adapted to the 
structure of its home markets and economies.  The key prin- 
ciples for managing Nordea’s risk exposures are:
•	 risk-based approach, i. e.  the risk management functions 
should be aligned to the nature, size and complexity of 
Nordea’s business, ensuring that efforts undertaken are 
proportional to the risks in question;
•	 independence, i. e.  the risk control function should be inde- 
pendent of the business it controls; and
•	 the three Lines of Defence (LoD), as further described in 
the Group Board Directive on Internal Governance.
Group Credit Management in 1st LoD is responsible for the 
credit process and Industry Credit Policies.  Group Credit Risk 
Control in 2nd LoD is responsible for the credit risk frame- work, 
consisting of instructions and guidelines for the Group.  Group 
Credit Risk Control is also responsible for controlling and moni-
toring the quality of the credit portfolio and the credit process.
The basis of credit risk management in Nordea is allocating 
limits to customers and customer groups that are aggregated 
and assigned to units responsible for their continuous moni-
toring and development.  In addition to the procedures for 
allocating customer and customer group limits, Nordea’s cred-
it risk management framework also includes the credit RAF 
which provides a comprehensive and risk-based portfolio per-
spective through relevant asset quality and concentration risk 
measures.  Each division/unit is primarily responsible for man-
aging the credit risks in its operations within the applicable 
framework and limits, including identification, control and 
reporting.
Within the Powers to Act granted by the Board of Direc- 
tors, Internal credit risk limits are approved by credit decision 
making authorities on different levels in the organisation con- 
stituting the maximum risk appetite on the customer in ques- 
tion.  Individual credit decisions within the approved internal 
credit risk limit are taken within the customer responsible unit 
(CRU).  The risk categorisation together with the exposure of 
the customer decides at what level the credit decision will be 
made.  Responsibility for a credit risk lies with the customer 
responsible unit.  Customers are risk-categorized by a rating 
or score in accordance with Nordea’s rating and scoring 
guidelines.  The rating and scoring of customers aim to predict 
their probability of default and consequently rank them 
according to their respective default risk.  Rating and scoring 
are used as integrated parts of credit risk management and 
the credit decision-making process.  Representatives from 1st 
LoD credit organization approve the rating independently.
Credit risk definition and identification
Credit risk is defined as the potential for loss due to failure of 
a borrower(s) to meet its obligations to clear a debt in accor- 
dance with agreed terms and conditions.  The potential for 
loss is lowered by credit risk mitigation techniques.  Credit risk 
stems mainly from various forms of lending, but also from 
issued guarantees and documentary credits and includes 
counterparty credit risk, transfer risk and settlement risk.
Nordea’s loan portfolio is furthermore broken down by 
segment, industry and geography.  Industry credit policies are 
established for those industries that have a significant weight 
in the portfolio and are either highly cyclical or volatile or 
require special industry competencies.
Credit decisions are reached after a credit risk assessment, 
based on principles that are defined consistently across the 
Group.  These principles emphasize the need to adjust the 
depth and scope of the assessment according to the risk.  The 
same credit risk assessments are used as input for determining 
the internal ratings.  Credit decisions in Nordea reflect Nordea’s 
view of both the customer relationship and credit risk.
The ESG evaluation of large corporate borrowers is cur-
rently integrated in the credit process through the Nordea 
Group credit risk framework.
There are different types of ESG evaluations performed 
dependent on the  type and size of the transaction and cus-
tomer’s internal segmentation.
ESG-related risks identified in the ESG evaluation process 
are integrated into the credit risk assessment.  A credit memo-
randum is produced, which contains a conclusion on the level 
of ESG-related risk associated with the customer.  Approval 
follows the established credit decision making process.  For 
customers classified as having high ESG-related risk, the deci-
sion is escalated to the Executive Credit Committee (ECC).
The total credit risk assessment shall be a combined risk 
conclusion on the borrower’s repayment capacity and recov-
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit Committee Structure 
Board of Directors / Board Risk Committee
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Credit Committee / Executive Credit Committee
Six eyes decisions (rated customers)
Leverage Buyout 
and Mergers  
and Acquisitions 
Credit  
Committee 
 Int.  Banks 
Countries,  
and Financial  
Institutions Credit 
Committee 
Corporate  
Business  
Banking  
Credit  
Committee
Real Estate  
Management  
Industry and  
Construction  
Credit  
Committee 
Shipping and  
Offshore Credit 
Committee
­Corporate Large 
Corporations  
and Institutions 
Credit  
Committee
Russia Credit  
Committee
Retail Nordic  
Credit  
Committee
Four eyes decisions (scored customers) – two senior decision  
makers from Group Credit Management
Four eyes decisions
Personal powers to act
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Level 4
Level 5
Level 6

--- Page 365 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
106
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
ery position.  The risk conclusion must be sufficiently forward- 
looking as compared to the risk profile of the customer and 
maturity of the transaction.
In addition to credit risk assessment in conjunction with new 
or changed exposure towards a customer, an annual or con-
tinuous credit review process is in place.  The review process is 
an important part of the continuous credit assessment process.
If credit weakness is identified in relation to a customer 
exposure, the customer is categorized as “High Risk” and 
receives special attention in terms of more frequent reviews.  
In addition to continuous monitoring, an action plan is estab- 
lished outlining how to minimise the potential credit loss.  If 
necessary, a work-out team is set up to support the customer 
responsible unit.
Credit risk mitigation
Credit risk mitigation is an inherent part of the credit decision 
process.  In every credit decision and review, the valuation of 
collaterals is considered as well as the adequacy of covenants 
and other risk mitigations.  Pledge of collateral is a fundamen- 
tal credit risk mitigation technique in the bank and collaterals 
are always sought, when reasonable and possible, to mini-
mize the potential for credit losses.
In corporate exposures, the main collateral types are real 
estate, floating charges and leasing objects.  Collateral cover-
age should generally be higher for exposures of financially 
weaker customers than for those who are financially strong.
Independent from the strength of collateral position, the 
repayment capacity is the starting point in credit assessment 
and assigning credit limits.  Regarding large exposures, syndi-
cation of loans is the primary tool for managing concentration 
risk, while credit risk mitigation using credit default swaps is 
applied to a limited extent.  Covenants included in credit 
agreements are complementary to collateral protection.  Most 
exposures of substantial size and complexity include appro-
priate covenants.  Covenants provide early warning signs that 
enable Nordea to detect, and react on, a deterioration in the 
borrower’s credit quality or overall performance.  Covenant 
breaches, allow Nordea to cancel the credit facility and 
demand repayment of the outstanding credits.
The collateral value shall always be based on the market 
value.  The market value is defined as the estimated amount for 
which the asset or liability would exchange on the date of valua-
tion between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s 
length transaction, after proper marketing and where the par-
ties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without com-
pulsion.  From this market value, a haircut is applied.  The haircut 
is defined as a percentage by which the asset’s market value is 
reduced ensuring a margin against loss.  The margin reflects the 
adjustments needed to assess the cash proceeds when the col-
lateral is liquidated in a forced sale situation.  A minimum haircut 
is set for each collateral type.  In addition to the haircut potential 
higher ranking claims are also deducted from the market value 
when calculating the maximum collateral value.
The same principles of calculation must be used for all 
exposures.  For High Risk customers, the foreclosure value 
may differ from the maximum collateral values and should be 
based on a realistic assessment for the particular asset at that 
time.  Risk transfer to other creditworthy parties, through 
guarantees and insurance, shall be based on legally enforce-
able documentation.
Collateral distribution
Distribution of collateral has remained stable during 2020, 
with the majority of the collateral stemming from residential 
and commercial real estate.  The shares of financial collateral, 
receivables, and other physical collaterals have slightly 
decreased during 2020, while the share of real estate has 
increased by 1% in 2020.
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Financial Collateral
0. 7%
0. 8%
Receivables
0. 7%
0. 7%
Residential Real Estate
74. 0%
73. 2%
Commercial Real Estate
18. 7%
18. 7%
Other Physical Collateral
5. 9%
6. 6%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Maximum exposure to credit risk
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Note
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
G14
4,409
1,841
11,627
6,110
Loans to the public
G14
259,433
72,776
247,395
77,514
Interest-bearing securities
G15, G16
37,022
29,285
33,269
38,813
Derivatives
G19
–
44,770
–
39,111
Off-balance-sheet items
G38, G39
106,911
203
91,776
200
Total
407,775
148,875
384,067
161,748
Allowances for credit risk
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
G14
4
14
Loans to the public
G14
2,444
2,169
Interest-bearing securities measured  
at fair value through other compre­
hensive income or amortised cost
G15
3
1
Off-balance-sheet items
G33
236
144
Total
2,687
2,328

--- Page 366 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
107
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Assets taken over for protection of claims
The table below presents assets taken over distributed by 
asset type.  Lands and buildings make up 25% of the total 
assets taken over end of December 2020 and so do shares.  
50% of the protection claimed are other types of assets.  Dur-
ing 2020 the Assets taken over have been brought down by 
11%.
Assets taken over for protection of claims1
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Current assets, carrying amount:
Land and buildings
2
8
Shares and other participations
2
0
Other assets
4
1
Total
8
9
1) In accordance with Nordea’s policy for taking over assets for protection of claims, 
which is in compliance with the local Banking Business Acts, wherever Nordea is 
located.  Assets used as collateral for the loan are generally taken over when the cus- 
tomer is not able to fulfil its obligations to Nordea.  The assets taken over are at the 
latest disposed when full recovery is reached.
Loan-to-value
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure 
to evaluate collateral's quality, i. e.  the credit extended divided 
by the market value of the collateral pledged.  In the table, 
IRB retail mortgage exposures are distributed by LTV buckets 
based on the LTV ratio.  
Loan-to-value
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Retail mortgage exposure
EURbn
%
EURbn
%
<50%
121. 5
81
113. 6
81
50–70%
21. 4
14
20. 3
14
70–80%
4. 6
3
4. 5
3
80–90%
1. 2
1
1. 2
1
>90%
0. 8
1
0. 9
1
Total
149.5
100
140.5
100
Individual and collective assessment of impairment
Requirements for impairment are set forth in IFRS 9 and are 
based on an expected credit loss model.
Impairment testing (individual and collective) applies to 
three forward looking and weighted scenarios, where assets 
tested for impairment are divided into three groups depend-
ing on the stage of credit deterioration.  Stage 1 includes 
assets where there has been no significant increase in credit 
risk, stage 2 includes assets where there has been a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk, and stage 3 includes defaulted 
assets.  All assets are assessed individually for staging.  Signifi- 
cant assets in stage 3 are assessed for impairment individu- 
ally.  Assets in stage 1, stage 2 and insignificant assets in stage 
3 are assessed for impairment collectively.
Throughout the process of identifying and mitigating credit 
impairment, Nordea continuously reviews the quality of credit 	
exposures.  Weak and credit impaired exposures are closely 
monitored and reviewed at least on a quarterly basis in terms 
of current performance, business outlook, future debt service 
capacity, and the possible need for provisions.
Nordea recognises only certain specific credit risk adjust-
ments (SCRAs).  SCRAs comprise individually and collectively 
assessed provisions.  SCRAs in the profit and loss statement 
are referred to as loan losses, while SCRAs in the balance 
sheet are referred to as allowances and provisions.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Individual provisioning
A need for individual provisioning is recognised if, based on 
credit events and observable data, a negative impact is likely on 
the customer’s expected future cash flow to the extent that full 
repayment is unlikely (pledged collaterals taken into account).
Exposures with individually assigned provisions are credit 
Impaired and in stage 3.  The size of the provision is equal to 
the estimated loss, which is the difference between the book 
value of the outstanding exposure and the discounted value 
of the expected future cash flow, including the value of 
pledged collateral.
Collective provisioning
The collective model is executed quarterly and assessed for 
each legal unit/branch.  One important driver for provisions is 
the trigger for the transferring of assets from stage 1 to stage 2.  
For assets recognised from 1 January 2018, changes to the life-
time Probability of Default (PD) are used as the trigger. In addi-
tion, customers with forbearance measures and customers with 
payments more than thirty days past due are also transferred to 
stage 2.  In stage 1, the provisions equal the 12 months expected 
loss.  In stages 2 and 3, the provisions equal the lifetime expect-
ed loss.  The output is complemented with an expert-based ana-
lysis process to ensure adequate provisioning.  Defaulted cus-
tomers without individual provisions have collective provisions.
Default
Customers with exposures that are past due more than 90 
days, in bankruptcy or considered unlikely to pay are regard-
ed as defaulted and non-performing.  Such customers can be 
either servicing debt or non-servicing.
If a customer recovers from being in default, the customer 
is seen as cured.  Typically, this situation occurs if the customer 
succeeds in creating a balance in financials.  In order to be 
cured, the recovery should include the customer’s total liabili-
ties, an established satisfactory repayment plan and an 
assessment that the recovery is underway.
Forbearance
Forbearance is eased terms or restructuring due to the bor-
rower experiencing or about to experience financial difficul-
ties.  The intention with granting forbearance for a limited 
time period is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding 
debt.  Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation 
profile, repayment schedule, customer margin as well as ease 
of financial covenants.  Forbearance is undertaken on a selec-
tive and individual basis, approved according to Powers to 
Act and followed by impairment testing.  Forborne exposures 
can be performing or non-performing.  Individual loan loss 
provisions are recognised if necessary.  
On 13 March 2020 Nordea announced that it would offer 
COVID-19-related instalment-free periods in all Nordic coun-
tries to those mortgage and car finance household customers 
and SMEs who were experiencing temporary liquidity prob-
lems due to the COVID-19 situation.  Nordea did not register 
COVID-19- related instalment-free periods as forbearance, 
and consequently did not automatically transfer the expo-
sures to stage 2, due to the temporary nature of the instal-
ment-free periods and as interest continued to accrue.  On 1 
October 2020 Nordea ended all temporary amendments to 
the credit risk framework and returned to its standard credit 
processes, including normal forbearance registration proce-
dures, while still continuing to support customers through the 
crisis.  
The carrying amount of loans on which Nordea had grant-
ed COVID-19-related instalment-free periods at the end of 
2020 amounted to EUR 18. 6bn, of which 91. 2% was classified 
as stage 1, 7.7% as stage 2 and 1.1% as stage 3.

--- Page 367 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
108
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Forbearance
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Forborne loans
2,983
2,992
- of which defaulted
1,711
1,984
Allowances for individually assessed impaired 
and forborne loans
465
679
- of which defaulted
434
664
 
Key ratios
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Forbearance ratio1
0. 9%
0. 9%
Forbearance coverage ratio2
16%
23%
- of which defaulted
25%
33%
1)  Forborne loans/Loans before allowances.  
2)  Individual allowances on forborne loans/Forborne loans.
Sensitivities
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is to assess what constitutes a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk.  To understand the sensitivities to 
these triggers, Nordea has calculated model-based provisions 
under two different scenarios:
 
Triggers
Scenario 1
Scenario 2
Retail portfolios
Relative threshold
100%
50%
150%
Absolute 12-month threshold
45 bp
35 bp
55 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
300 bp
250 bp
350 bp
Notching1
1–6
1 less
1 more
Non-Retail portfolios 
Relative threshold
150%
100%
200%
Absolute 12-month threshold
20 bp
15 bp
25 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
400 bp
350 bp
450 bp
Notching1
1–6
1 less
1 more
1) For exposures with initial recognition before the transition to IFRS 9 (1 Jan 2018), 
stage classification is decided based on changes in rating grades.  The trigger in sce-
nario 1 is set at one notch less than in the model actually used and in scenario 2 the 
trigger is set at one notch more than in the model used.  
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Sensitivities
2020
2019
EURm
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Personal Banking
492
646
412
566
Business Banking
1,307
1,447
1,038
1,184
Large Corporates & Institutions
874
950
868
945
Other
14
29
10
20
Group
2,687
3,072
2,328
2,715
The provisions would have increased by EUR 34m (EUR 38m) 
in scenario 1 and decreased by EUR 36m (EUR 44m) in sce-
nario 2.  For more information on the rating scale and average 
PDs, see table “Rating/scoring information on loans measured 
at amortised cost” on page 124.
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if trig-
gers are not reached.  The table below shows the impact on 
provisions from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in 
the bank.  It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all 
exposures as well as the impact of transferring exposures 
from stage 1 to stage 2 that reach the trigger.  It also includes 
the impact from the exposures with one rating grade above 
default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 139m 
(EUR 141m).  This figure is based on calculations with the sta-
tistical model rather than individual estimates that would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans.
Forward looking information
Forward-looking information is used both for assessing sig-
nificant increases in credit risk and calculating expected credit 
losses.  Nordea uses three macroeconomic scenarios: a base-
line scenario, a favourable scenario and an adverse scenario.  
For the fourth quarter of 2020, the scenarios were weighted 
into the final expected credit losses (ECL) using baseline 50%, 
adverse 45% and favourable 5% (baseline 60%, adverse 20% 
and favourable 20% at year-end 2019).  The weight on the 
adverse scenario was increased as of the third quarter and 
maintained in the fourth quarter of 2020 to give more weight 
to the downside risks surrounding the expiry of customer sup-
port measures and the continuation of the pandemic.  The 
baseline scenario was still maintained as the most probable 
one.
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Group Risk 
and Compliance (GRC) in Nordea, based on the Oxford Eco-
nomics Model.  The forecast is a combination of modelling and 
expert judgement, subject to thorough checks and quality 
control processes.  The model has been built to give a good 
description of the historical relationships between economic 
variables and to capture the key linkages between those vari-
ables.  The forecast period in the model is ten years, and for 
periods beyond, a long-term average is used in the ECL 
calculations.

--- Page 368 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
109
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
The macroeconomic scenarios reflect Nordea’s view of 
how the COVID-19 virus and lockdowns will potentially 
impact the economic outlook.  The scenarios also reflect the 
macroeconomic effects of government and central bank sup-
port measures.  When developing the scenarios, Nordea took 
into account projections made by Nordic governments and 
central banks, Nordea Research and the ECB’s macroeconom-
ic forecasts for the euro area.  
Following one of the largest contractions in output since 
the Second World War, the Nordic economies experienced a 
significant recovery in activity in the third quarter of 2020.  
Although the economic recovery during the second half of 
2020 appeared to be relatively strong, growth in 2021 is pre-
dicted to be slow, as the outlook is still clouded by a very high 
level of uncertainty.  The resurgence of the COVID-19 pan-
demic in the autumn of 2020, with renewed and widespread 
lockdowns in most of Europe, poses a serious threat to the 
export-dependent Nordic economies.  The high level of uncer-
tainty is also weighing on business investments.  On the other 
hand, the eventual roll-out of vaccines, and the willingness of 
Nordic governments to extend special support measures for 
sectors hit by lockdowns, point to a continued but modest 
recovery in the baseline.  This implies that the economic out-
put of the Nordic countries will not return to pre-pandemic 
levels before 2022.  The significant loss of output will continue 
to weigh on labour markets, leading to an additional rise in 
unemployment in 2021.  The rise in unemployment and the 
impact on consumer confidence are also expected to weigh 
on housing markets in spite of the strong price increases seen 
in 2020 and the low interest rates.
Adjustments to model-based provisions amount to EUR 
697m, including management judgements of EUR 650m and 
late corrections of EUR 47m.  The management judgement is 
divided into two groups; cyclical and structural management 
judgements.  The cyclical management judgement covers pro-
jected individual loan losses and expected loan losses that 
are not yet captured by the collective provisioning models, 
this amounts to EUR 450m end of the year.  The cyclical 
reserve is supported by additional portfolio modelling and is 
triggered by the substantial uncertainty in the macroeconom-
ic development, as well as the need to account for future rat-
ing downgrades potentially underestimated by the IFRS 9 
model through the updated macroeconomic scenarios.
One important source of information in the estimation of 
the cyclical reserve is the internal stress testing model, adjust-
ed for the impact of government support schemes.  For the 
retail portfolio, the most important public sector actions have 
been the various forms of labour market support schemes, 
which have significantly decreased expected defaults and 
losses among households.  Due to the wide scope of these 
schemes, Nordea decreased the modelled development of 
new defaults originally predicted by the internal stress testing 
models, leading to lower predicted loan losses.  These models 
are based on historical observations and correlations.  Thus, 
they are not capable of replicating the impact of the current 
government support schemes.
The structural management judgement covers identified 
issues in the IFRS 9 model to be later covered in model 
updates (structural reserve) amounted to EUR 200m.
With regard to the expected rating migration in the corpo-
rate portfolio, Nordea took into consideration the positive 
impact of the various government guarantee and support 
schemes, primarily addressing the liquidity shock caused by 
the lockdowns and quarantines.  At the same time, additional 
negative rating migration was assumed for the industries 
affected by COVID-19.  This was based on a widescale bottom-
up review of large counterparties in particularly sensitive 
industries (e. g.  Retail trade, Accommodation and leisure, and 
Air transportation), and incorporated the main findings into 
the scenario projections.
The stress test model-based scenario simulations support-
ed loan loss forecasts by the business areas, and helped 
Nordea ensure that its loan loss projections are appropriately 
conservative.  The cyclical reserve reflects management’s 
expectation of future credit losses.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 369 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
110
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Scenarios and provisions 2020
Denmark
2021
2022
2023
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model based 
provisions1, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
4. 7
2. 4
1. 9
244
5%
Unemployment, % 
4. 3
3. 9
3. 5
Change in household 
consumption, %
6. 3
2. 5
2. 0
Change in house 
prices, %
–0. 6
0. 3
2. 4
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
3. 0
2. 5
2. 5
251
50%
262
195
395
852
Unemployment, % 
5. 6
4. 8
4. 2
Change in household 
consumption, %
5. 0
1. 7
1. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
–2. 6
0. 6
2. 7
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
–0. 5
3. 6
4. 0
277
45%
Unemployment, % 
7.5
6. 8
6. 0
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.1
2. 0
3. 0
Change in house 
prices, %
–5. 6
–4. 6
2. 6
Finland
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
3. 5
2. 4
1. 8
191
5%
Unemployment, % 
7.2
6. 7
6. 3
Change in household 
consumption, %
4. 3
2. 8
2. 7
Change in house 
prices, %
–0. 9
1. 3
2. 3
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
2. 5
2. 0
2. 2
201
50%
217
159
262
638
Unemployment, % 
8. 0
7.7
7.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
3. 8
1. 9
2. 5
Change in house 
prices, %
–2. 5
1. 4
2. 5
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
–2. 3
3. 4
3. 3
237
45%
Unemployment, % 
10. 0
9. 2
8. 5
Change in household 
consumption, %
–0. 2
3.1
2. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
–5. 2
–5. 5
2. 5

--- Page 370 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
111
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Norway
2021
2022
2023
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
modelbased 
provisions1, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2. 9
3. 2
2. 8
65
5%
Unemployment, % 
5.1
4. 2
3. 9
Change in household 
consumption, %
4. 3
2. 6
2. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
–1. 0
–0. 3
2. 5
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 9
3. 3
2. 9
67
50%
72
213
347
632
Unemployment, % 
6.1
5.1
4. 3
Change in household 
consumption, %
3. 6
2. 5
2. 3
Change in house 
prices, %
–3. 2
0. 0
3. 0
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
–0. 7
3.1
3. 7
78
45%
Unemployment, % 
7.1
6. 7
5. 8
Change in household 
consumption, %
2. 2
2. 4
2. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
–10. 5
–9. 3
3. 2
Sweden
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
4.1
2.1
2. 3
100
5%
Unemployment, % 
8. 3
7.7
6. 8
Change in household 
consumption, %
2. 4
2. 2
2. 3
Change in house 
prices, %
–2. 8
–0. 3
2. 7
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 8
5. 0
3. 0
109
50%
114
129
71
314
Unemployment, % 
10. 0
8. 1
7.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
0.1
5. 2
2. 7
Change in house 
prices, %
–3. 5
–0.1
1. 6
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
–2. 3
3. 8
3. 7
121
45%
Unemployment, % 
11. 5
11.1
10. 2
Change in household 
consumption, %
–3. 2
2. 9
2. 3
Change in house 
prices, %
–13. 5
–11.1
3. 8
Non-Nordic
9
1
241
251
Total
674
697
1,316
2,687
 1)  Includes management judgements of EUR 650m and late corrections to the model of EUR 47m.
Scenarios and provisions 2020, cont.

--- Page 371 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
112
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Scenarios and provisions 2019
Denmark
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.1
2.1
2.1
237
20%
Unemployment, % 
3. 5
3. 2
3. 0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 7
1. 5
1. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
2. 3
3. 8
3. 4
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 4
1. 7
2. 0
239
60%
240
123
454
817
Unemployment, % 
3. 8
3. 8
3. 7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 4
1. 6
1. 9
Change in house 
prices, %
2. 0
2. 6
3. 0
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0. 9
0. 9
1. 4
245
20%
Unemployment, % 
3. 9
4.1
4. 2
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
1. 3
1. 4
Change in house 
prices, %
1. 8
2.1
1. 8
Finland
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 5
1. 7
1. 3
182
20%
Unemployment, % 
6. 4
6. 3
6. 4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 9
1. 2
1. 0
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
1. 3
1. 5
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.1
0. 9
185
60%
185
26
262
473
Unemployment, % 
6. 6
6. 7
6. 8
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 4
1. 0
1. 0
Change in house 
prices, %
0. 9
1.1
1.1
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0. 8
0. 5
0. 4
187
20%
Unemployment, % 
6. 6
6. 7
7.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
0. 9
1.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1. 0
0. 8
0. 3

--- Page 372 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
113
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Norway
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
modelbased 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2. 2
2. 3
2. 0
94
20%
Unemployment, % 
3. 3
3. 0
2. 7
Change in household 
consumption, %
2. 6
1. 8
1. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
3. 6
4. 3
4. 0
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
2. 0
1. 8
1. 7
97
60%
98
86
322
506
Unemployment, % 
3. 4
3. 4
3. 3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2. 3
2. 0
1. 8
Change in house 
prices, %
3. 5
3. 8
3. 8
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 3
1. 0
1. 3
104
20%
Unemployment, % 
3. 7
4.1
4. 7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 5
1. 6
2. 0
Change in house 
prices, %
2. 3
0. 0
1. 7
Sweden
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 7
2. 7
2. 6
96
20%
Unemployment, % 
6. 7
6. 3
5. 7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 8
2. 6
2.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2. 6
3. 3
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1. 4
1. 9
2. 3
97
60%
97
12
171
280
Unemployment, % 
6. 9
6. 7
6. 3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 4
2. 0
2. 2
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2. 4
2. 9
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1. 3
1. 7
98
20%
Unemployment, % 
6. 9
7.0
7.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
1. 0
1. 6
2. 9
Change in house 
prices, %
1. 0
1. 8
2. 9
Non-Nordic
15
2
235
252
Total
635
249
1,444
2,328
Scenarios and provisions 2019, cont.

--- Page 373 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
114
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
21,275
1,615
712
72
209
438
22,883
Finland
58,160
6,082
1,317
32
112
449
64,966
Norway
60,279
3,011
838
104
85
338
63,601
Sweden
88,971
2,345
366
46
71
148
91,417
Russia
245
244
1
1
1
0
488
US
1,668
109
3
4
3
1
1,772
Other
11,074
376
742
22
8
300
11,862
Total
241,672
13,782
3,979
281
489
1,674
256,989
Gross2
Allowances
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
22,243
1,427
804
51
175
488
23,759
Finland
56,852
4,710
1,309
20
66
344
62,441
Norway
57,530
2,769
1,142
36
45
527
60,834
Sweden
79,460
1,426
429
16
35
187
81,077
Russia
1,005
1
44
1
0
40
1,009
US
1,835
14
4
2
1
0
1,850
Other
13,190
323
878
25
20
91
14,256
Total
232,115
10,670
4,610
150
342
1,677
245,226
1)  Based on domicile of the customers.
2)  Not restated for accrued interest.
 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 374 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
115
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden1
Russia1
Outside Nordic1
Total 
Financial institutions
2,608
2,063
1,912
8,434
0
724
15,741
Agriculture
5,642
312
1,583
224
0
6
7,768
  Crops, plantations and hunting
3,385
191
93
134
0
6
3,809
  Animal husbandry
2,214
114
107
89
0
0
2,524
  Fishing and aquaculture
43
7
1,383
1
0
0
1,434
Natural resources
258
1,153
894
642
85
230
3,262
  Paper and forest products
231
897
158
542
0
77
1,905
  Mining and supporting activities
15
155
136
51
0
0
357
  Oil, gas and offshore
12
100
600
50
85
153
1,000
Consumer staples
1,762
766
468
624
0
59
3,679
  Food processing and beverages
305
319
254
310
0
19
1,206
  Household and personal products
183
65
104
19
0
1
371
  Healthcare
1,274
382
111
295
0
39
2,101
Consumer discretionary and services
2,241
2,198
1,132
3,077
0
123
8,771
  Consumer durables
155
271
87
620
0
115
1,249
  Media and entertainment
557
501
125
614
0
1
1,798
  Retail trade
797
958
395
1,098
0
7
3,254
  Air transportation
61
50
62
91
0
0
264
  Accomodation and leisure
556
356
100
449
0
0
1,462
  Telecommunication services
115
62
362
206
0
0
744
Industrials
8,219
7,336
9,519
7,750
693
364
33,881
  Materials
230
416
196
329
468
9
1,648
  Capital goods
612
1,633
168
794
0
104
3,311
  Commercial and professional 
services
3,672
1,301
3,910
3,067
0
143
12,093
  Construction
1,280
1,525
3,677
1,191
0
37
7,710
  Wholesale trade
1,585
1,236
552
1,454
165
19
5,010
  Land transportation
323
895
756
514
61
51
2,601
  IT services
516
330
260
402
0
1
1,508
Maritime
298
196
4,806
56
0
1,054
6,411
  Ship building
0
50
82
0
0
0
133
  Shipping
160
57
4,613
45
0
1,054
5,929
  Maritime services
138
89
111
11
0
0
349
Utilities and public service
1,627
2,414
1,324
2,793
0
2
8,160
  Utilities distribution
1,124
1,134
657
556
0
1
3,471
  Power production
125
1,176
496
104
0
1
1,903
  Public services
378
103
171
2,133
0
0
2,785
Real estate
10,618
8,012
10,140
17,469
0
377
46,617
  Commercial real estate
6,876
4,583
8,524
7,692
0
377
28,053
  Tenant-owned associations and 
residential real estate companies
3,742
3,429
1,616
9,777
0
0
18,564
Other industries
1,457
247
128
407
0
0
2,240
Total Corporate
34,731
24,697
31,906
41,476
778
2,941
136,528
Housing loans
35,498
31,590
34,015
49,873
0
0
150,975
Collateralised lending
7,711
5,467
2,495
2,264
0
0
17,936
Non-collateralised lending
992
2,944
419
2,290
0
0
6,645
Household
44,201
40,000
36,929
54,426
0
0
175,556
Public sector
1,100
639
20
3,766
0
0
5,526
Reversed repurchase agreements
0
12,154
0
0
0
0
12,154
Loans to the public by country
80,032
77,491
68,855
99,669
778
2,941
329,765
   Of which loans at fair value
56,330
12,154
18
4,274
0
0
72,776
1)  Loans related to Russia (EUR 687m) and the Baltics (EUR 482m), accounted for in the Swedish Branch, have been moved to Russia and Outside Nordic respectively.

--- Page 375 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
116
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden1
Russia1
Outside Nordic1
Total 
Financial institutions
2,992
2,055
1,996
7,510
231
644
15,428
Agriculture
5,809
290
1,250
170
0
7
7,527
  Crops, plantations and hunting
3,410
171
21
90
0
7
3,698
  Animal husbandry
2,358
111
9
79
0
0
2,558
  Fishing and aquaculture
41
8
1,220
1
0
0
1,271
Natural resources
731
941
995
708
378
389
4,142
  Paper and forest products
267
729
91
577
0
69
1,734
  Mining and supporting activities
12
138
56
60
202
0
468
  Oil, gas and offshore
451
74
848
71
176
320
1,940
Consumer staples
1,714
741
521
662
0
84
3,723
  Food processing and beverages
270
271
314
296
0
30
1,181
  Household and personal products
186
63
102
24
0
2
377
  Healthcare
1,259
408
104
342
0
53
2,165
Consumer discretionary and services
2,367
2,173
1,135
3,183
2
177
9,038
  Consumer durables
203
309
95
731
0
159
1,497
  Media and entertainment
471
354
97
509
0
0
1,431
  Retail trade
929
971
490
1,066
0
18
3,473
  Air transportation
63
57
33
91
0
0
244
  Accomodation and leisure
592
348
73
306
2
0
1,322
  Telecommunication services
109
134
347
481
0
0
1,072
Industrials
8,293
6,791
7,777
7,744
750
627
31,982
  Materials
266
459
236
378
533
5
1,877
  Capital goods
617
1,583
151
648
128
135
3,262
  Commercial and professional 
services
3,462
1,137
3,184
3,342
0
274
11,400
  Construction
1,312
1,173
3,051
976
0
60
6,572
  Wholesale trade
1,753
1,130
474
1,533
7
52
4,950
  Land transportation
392
846
541
427
82
93
2,381
  IT services
490
462
141
439
0
7
1,539
Maritime
396
246
4,864
106
0
2,113
7,726
  Ship building
0
16
65
0
0
0
81
  Shipping
249
149
4,696
95
0
2,113
7,301
  Maritime services
148
82
103
10
0
0
343
Utilities and public service
1,224
1,868
1,036
3,561
84
56
7,829
  Utilities distribution
642
638
588
666
0
2
2,536
  Power production
139
1,124
397
187
84
54
1,984
  Public services
443
107
51
2,708
0
0
3,309
Real estate
10,528
8,073
9,053
15,509
3
707
43,873
  Commercial real estate
6,893
4,211
7,524
7,018
3
707
26,356
  Tenant-owned associations and 
residential real estate companies
3,634
3,862
1,529
8,491
0
0
17,517
Other industries
1,165
0
451
94
0
0
1,709
Total Corporate
35,219
23,179
29,079
39,248
1,447
4,804
132,976
Housing loans
33,395
29,939
33,499
44,956
0
0
141,789
Collateralised lending
7,838
5,385
2,582
2,419
0
0
18,225
Non-collateralised lending
1,087
3,168
578
2,317
0
0
7,151
Household
42,321
38,492
36,659
49,692
0
0
167,164
Public sector
1,131
1,331
28
1,572
0
0
4,062
Reversed repurchase agreements
0
18,889
0
0
0
0
18,889
Loans to the public by country
78,671
81,891
65,766
90,512
1,447
4,804
323,091
   Of which loans at fair value
54,315
18,889
6
4,303
0
0
77,514
1)  Loans related to Russia (EUR 946m) and the Baltics (EUR 960m), accounted for in the Swedish Branch, have been moved to Russia and Outside Nordic respectively.

--- Page 376 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
117
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry	
	
	
Gross
Allowances
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Net loss
Financial institutions
12,622
509
158
18
16
150
13,105
–25
Agriculture
3,054
265
185
11
17
95
3,381
–13
  Crops, plantations and hunting
1,027
112
49
4
7
23
1,154
–3
  Animal husbandry
631
123
131
3
9
70
803
–4
  Fishing and aquaculture
1,396
30
5
4
0
2
1,424
–5
Natural resources
2,673
188
564
5
4
282
3,134
–126
  Paper and forest products
1,612
132
36
3
4
21
1,752
–15
  Mining and supporting activities
330
22
4
0
0
2
353
–1
  Oil, gas and offshore
730
34
524
1
0
258
1,028
–111
Consumer staples
2,821
219
27
5
20
15
3,027
–25
  Food processing and beverages
1,083
85
7
2
5
4
1,164
–5
  Household and personal products
165
59
11
1
2
5
227
–5
  Healthcare
1,572
75
10
2
13
5
1,636
–15
Consumer discretionary and services
6,336
902
236
15
42
144
7,273
–77
  Consumer durables
973
197
61
1
9
41
1,180
–26
  Media and entertainment
1,409
79
34
2
4
25
1,492
–13
  Retail trade
2,386
367
93
5
23
46
2,771
–21
  Air transportation
167
33
14
0
1
9
204
–2
  Accomodation and leisure
751
216
32
2
5
22
969
–20
  Telecommunication services
651
9
1
4
0
0
657
6
Industrials
27,619
3,020
666
65
127
254
30,858
–160
  Materials
1,190
384
63
3
7
29
1,599
9
  Capital goods
2,795
403
97
5
13
51
3,226
–17
  Commercial and professional services
10,031
605
189
26
30
0
10,768
–28
  Construction
6,138
628
139
16
26
92
6,772
–56
  Wholesale trade
4,234
556
85
9
35
43
4,788
–41
  Land transportation
2,125
338
81
4
11
31
2,498
–19
  IT services
1,106
106
12
3
6
9
1,207
–7
Maritime
5,620
362
555
16
9
226
6,286
–87
  Ship building
129
4
7
0
0
7
133
2
  Shipping
5,254
357
546
15
9
218
5,915
–88
  Maritime services
237
1
1
0
0
1
238
0
Utilities and public service
5,444
127
32
4
6
16
5,577
–9
  Utilities distribution
2,833
60
28
2
1
13
2,906
–2
  Power production
1,833
33
1
1
3
0
1,863
–3
  Public services
778
34
3
1
2
3
808
–4
Real estate
36,515
1,570
253
32
33
111
38,161
–81
Other industries
549
90
7
10
1
1
634
55
Corporate
103,253
7,249
2,684
180
274
1,295
111,436
–547
Housing loans
111,086
3,927
561
16
24
57
115,477
–77
Collateralised lending
16,425
1,401
396
55
70
192
17,905
–107
Non-collateralised lending
5,545
1,077
301
30
120
128
6,645
–178
Household
133,056
6,404
1,258
101
214
377
140,027
–362
Public sector
5,363
129
37
0
0
2
5,526
0
Loans to the public
241,672
13,782
3,979
281
489
1,674
256,989
–908
Loans to credit institutions  
and central banks
4,351
58
0
3
1
0
4,405
0
Total
246,023
13,840
3,979
284
490
1,674
261,394
–908

--- Page 377 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
118
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry	
	
	
	
Gross
Allowances
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Net loss
Financial institutions
12,668
302
127
9
20
58
13,010
–31
Agriculture
2,562
178
285
4
20
138
2,863
–40
  Crops, plantations and hunting
862
85
54
2
10
30
960
–16
  Animal husbandry
499
69
193
2
10
108
642
–23
  Fishing and aquaculture
1,201
24
37
0
1
0
1,261
0
Natural resources
3,349
124
791
2
3
317
3,942
–126
  Paper and forest products
1,428
96
35
1
3
16
1,539
–3
  Mining and supporting activities
447
11
10
0
0
3
464
6
  Oil, gas and offshore
1,474
17
747
1
0
298
1,939
–129
Consumer staples
2,916
144
33
2
5
13
3,073
3
  Food processing and beverages
1,068
60
25
1
2
9
1,142
7
  Household and personal products
206
29
4
0
1
2
235
–1
  Healthcare
1,642
55
4
1
2
2
1,696
–3
Consumer discretionary and services
6,878
526
189
7
29
104
7,453
–37
  Consumer durables
1,276
135
47
1
6
22
1,429
–13
  Media and entertainment
1,074
46
37
1
2
19
1,136
–8
  Retail trade
2,677
221
88
4
17
49
2,917
–6
  Air transportation
179
2
3
0
0
2
181
0
  Accomodation and leisure
742
66
13
1
2
5
813
–3
  Telecommunication services
930
56
1
1
1
7
978
–6
Industrials
26,967
1,815
787
24
70
370
29,105
–67
  Materials
1,704
78
117
4
5
71
1,819
7
  Capital goods
2,896
251
110
1
9
73
3,173
-6
  Commercial and professional services
9,646
355
273
8
15
86
10,164
–35
  Construction
5,294
399
119
5
12
74
5,721
–13
  Wholesale trade
4,261
429
94
4
20
36
4,725
–4
  Land transportation
2,028
210
57
1
4
22
2,268
–8
  IT services
1,139
93
17
1
5
7
1,236
–8
Maritime
7,000
175
706
24
22
230
7,605
–62
  Ship building
75
5
19
0
0
19
81
3
  Shipping
6,702
167
686
24
22
211
7,299
–65
  Maritime services
222
2
0
0
0
0
225
0
Utilities and public service
4,701
60
34
2
1
16
4,775
–7
  Utilities distribution
1,909
26
30
0
0
13
1,950
–4
  Power production
1,923
15
1
1
0
1
1,936
1
  Public services
869
20
4
1
1
2
889
–4
Real estate
34,457
932
224
15
14
81
35,504
–7
Other industries
642
23
7
7
7
0
659
–8
Corporate
102,140
4,280
3,183
95
191
1,327
107,991
–377
Housing loans
103,768
4,047
630
10
13
29
108,393
29
Collateralised lending
16,569
1,221
444
26
48
186
17,973
–48
Non-collateralised lending
5,952
1,095
354
19
89
134
7,159
–138
Household
126,289
6,363
1,427
55
149
350
133,525
–157
Public sector
4,038
27
0
0
2
0
4,062
-1
Loans to the public
232,467
10,670
4,610
150
342
1,677
245,577
–536
Loans to credit institutions  
and central banks
11,551
79
0
3
1
10
11,616
0
Total
244,108
10,749
4,610
153
343
1,687
257,193
–536

--- Page 378 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
119
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (stage 3) by country and industry (including loans at fair value)
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside Nordic
Total 
Financial institutions
116
32
1
12
0
0
161
Agriculture
421
21
5
2
0
0
448
  Crops, plantations and hunting
114
4
1
0
0
0
119
  Animal husbandry
307
14
3
2
0
0
325
  Fishing and aquaculture
0
3
1
0
0
0
5
Natural resources
20
21
256
0
0
271
569
  Paper and forest products
20
18
2
0
0
0
41
  Mining and supporting activities
0
3
1
0
0
0
4
  Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
253
0
0
271
524
Consumer staples
11
10
12
2
0
0
35
  Food processing and beverages
1
4
2
1
0
0
7
  Household and personal products
5
2
7
0
0
0
14
  Healthcare
6
4
3
1
0
0
14
Consumer discretionary and services
66
103
23
57
0
0
250
  Consumer durables
33
5
0
23
0
0
62
  Media and entertainment
3
22
2
9
0
0
36
  Retail trade
23
47
11
21
0
0
101
  Air transportation
0
11
1
2
0
0
14
  Accomodation and leisure
6
18
9
2
0
0
35
  Telecommunication services
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
Industrials
231
252
125
118
0
0
726
  Materials
10
59
1
1
0
0
70
  Capital goods
35
51
1
13
0
0
100
  Commercial and professional 
services
68
28
34
81
0
0
211
  Construction
55
62
28
12
0
0
156
  Wholesale trade
42
25
14
8
0
0
89
  Land transportation
12
22
47
2
0
0
83
  IT services
10
5
0
1
0
0
16
Maritime
36
9
371
0
0
153
569
  Ship building
0
7
0
0
0
0
7
  Shipping
36
1
357
0
0
152
546
  Maritime services
0
1
14
0
0
0
15
Utilities and public service
3
2
27
2
0
0
35
  Utilities distribution
0
1
27
0
0
0
28
  Power production
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
  Public services
3
1
0
2
0
0
6
Real estate
217
149
58
3
0
0
426
Other industries
1
0
5
0
0
0
7
Corporate by industry
1,121
600
883
196
0
424
3,225
Housing loans
479
393
116
52
0
0
1,041
Collateralised lending
174
155
61
6
0
0
396
Non-collateralised lending
48
182
15
55
0
0
301
Household
701
731
192
114
0
0
1,737
Public sector
37
0
0
0
0
0
37
Total impaired loans 
1,859
1,331
1,075
310
0
424
4,999
  of which fair value
1,007
0
14
0
0
0
1,020

--- Page 379 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
120
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (stage 3) by country and industry (including loans at fair value)
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside Nordic
Total 
Financial institutions
92
16
14
14
0
0
136
Agriculture
524
15
38
1
0
0
578
  Crops, plantations and hunting
131
2
0
0
0
0
133
  Animal husbandry
393
13
1
1
0
0
407
  Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
37
0
0
0
37
Natural resources
23
21
313
80
0
360
797
  Paper and forest products
23
17
1
0
0
0
41
  Mining and supporting activities
0
4
5
0
0
0
10
  Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
307
79
0
360
747
Consumer staples
5
20
5
4
0
0
35
  Food processing and beverages
0
16
4
4
0
0
25
  Household and personal products
3
2
0
0
0
0
5
  Healthcare
3
2
0
0
0
0
5
Consumer discretionary and services
85
67
9
33
0
0
194
  Consumer durables
37
6
0
4
0
0
47
  Media and entertainment
1
27
1
8
0
0
37
  Retail trade
44
25
6
19
0
0
94
  Air transportation
0
0
0
2
0
0
3
  Accomodation and leisure
3
8
2
0
0
0
13
  Telecommunication services
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
Industrials
141
282
143
155
0
82
803
  Materials
9
67
6
42
0
0
123
  Capital goods
22
74
1
15
0
0
112
  Commercial and professional 
services
31
23
62
79
0
80
275
  Construction
24
66
23
10
0
0
123
  Wholesale trade
45
28
18
5
0
0
95
  Land transportation
3
19
33
1
0
0
57
  IT services
6
6
0
3
0
3
17
Maritime
49
6
406
0
0
245
706
  Ship building
0
6
13
0
0
0
19
  Shipping
49
0
392
0
0
244
686
  Maritime services
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Utilities and public service
2
2
28
2
0
0
35
  Utilities distribution
0
1
28
0
0
0
30
  Power production
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
  Public services
1
1
0
2
0
0
4
Real estate
146
103
58
2
0
0
310
Other industries
3
0
4
0
0
0
7
Corporate by industry
1,071
532
1,019
291
0
688
3,601
Housing loans
304
440
134
56
0
0
934
Collateralised lending
188
182
67
7
0
0
444
Non-collateralised lending
49
178
71
56
0
0
354
Household
541
799
272
119
0
0
1,731
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Total impaired loans 
1,612
1,331
1,291
410
0
688
5,332
  of which fair value
713
0
9
0
0
0
722

--- Page 380 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
121
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Net 
loan 
losses1
Loan loss 
ratio, bps
Impaired 
loans 
(stage 3)
Impairment 
ratio, bps
Allowances 
total
Allowances 
(stage 1)
Allowances 
(stage 2)
Allowances 
(stage 3)
Coverage 
ratio, %
Loans 
mesured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
24
19
158
119
185
18
16
150
95
13,105
Agriculture
13
38
185
528
122
11
17
95
51
3,381
  Crops, plantations and 
hunting
3
26
49
413
34
4
7
23
46
1,154
  Animal husbandry
4
53
131
1,485
82
3
9
70
54
803
  Fishing and aquaculture
5
38
5
32
7
4
0
2
41
1,424
Natural resources
126
404
564
1,647
291
5
4
282
50
3,134
  Paper and forest products
15
86
36
201
28
3
4
21
60
1,752
  Mining and supporting 
activities
1
20
4
110
3
0
0
2
62
353
  Oil, gas and offshore
111
1,076
524
4,071
260
1
0
258
49
1,028
Consumer staples
25
82
27
89
40
5
20
15
55
3,027
  Food processing and 
beverages
5
43
7
59
11
2
5
4
64
1,164
  Household and personal 
products
5
203
11
464
8
1
2
5
49
227
  Healthcare
15
93
10
58
21
2
13
5
56
1,636
Consumer discretionary and 
services
77
105
236
315
201
15
42
144
61
7,273
  Consumer durables
26
217
61
497
51
1
9
41
67
1,180
  Media and entertainment
13
90
34
226
31
2
4
25
73
1,492
  Retail trade
21
77
93
326
75
5
23
46
50
2,771
  Air transportation
2
81
14
668
10
0
1
9
60
204
  Accomodation and leisure
20
208
32
317
29
2
5
22
70
969
  Telecommunication services
–6
–85
1
20
5
4
0
0
34
657
Industrials
160
52
666
213
446
65
127
254
38
30,858
  Materials
–9
–57
63
385
38
3
7
29
45
1,599
  Capital goods
17
52
97
293
69
5
13
51
53
3,226
  Commercial and professional 
services
28
26
189
175
56
26
30
0
0
10,768
  Construction
56
83
139
201
133
16
26
92
66
6,772
  Wholesale trade
41
86
85
174
86
9
35
43
50
4,788
  Land transportation
19
77
81
319
46
4
11
31
38
2,498
  IT services
7
59
12
102
18
3
6
9
73
1,207
Maritime
87
138
555
849
251
16
9
226
41
6,286
  Ship building
–2
–121
7
532
7
0
0
7
93
133
  Shipping
88
149
546
887
242
15
9
218
40
5,915
  Maritime services
0
8
1
56
1
0
0
1
46
238
Utilities and public service
9
16
32
58
26
4
6
16
50
5,577
  Utilities distribution
2
8
28
97
15
2
1
13
45
2,906
  Power production
3
15
1
4
4
1
3
0
40
1,863
  Public services
4
46
3
39
7
1
2
3
101
808
Real estate
81
21
253
66
177
32
33
111
44
38,161
Other industries
–55
–872
7
103
12
10
1
1
21
634
Total Corporate
546
49
2,684
237
1,750
180
274
1,295
48
111,436
Housing loans
77
7
561
49
97
16
24
57
10
115,477
Collateralised lending
107
60
396
218
317
55
70
192
48
17,905
Non-collateralised lending
178
268
301
434
278
30
120
128
43
6,645
Household
362
26
1,258
89
692
101
214
377
30
140,027
Public sector
0
0
37
67
2
0
0
2
6
5,526
Loans to the public 
908
35
3,979
153
2,444
281
489
1,674
42
256,989
1) Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 381 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
122
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Net 
loan 
losses1
Loan loss 
ratio, bps
Impaired 
loans 
(stage 3)
Impairment 
ratio, bps 
Allowances 
total
Allowances 
(stage 1)
Allowances 
(stage 2)
Allowances 
(stage 3)
Coverage 
ratio, %
Loans 
mesured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
31
24
127
97
87
9
20
58
46
13,010
Agriculture
40
138
285
941
161
4
20
138
48
2,863
  Crops, plantations and 
hunting
16
171
54
544
41
2
10
30
54
960
  Animal husbandry
23
359
193
2,536
119
2
10
108
56
642
  Fishing and aquaculture
0
1
37
295
1
0
1
0
1
1,261
Natural resources
126
319
791
1,856
323
2
3
317
40
3,942
  Paper and forest products
3
21
35
223
20
1
3
16
47
1,539
  Mining and supporting 
activities
–6
–131
10
203
4
0
0
3
34
464
  Oil, gas and offshore
129
664
747
3,338
299
1
0
298
40
1,939
Consumer staples
–3
–10
33
107
20
2
5
13
40
3,073
  Food processing and 
beverages
–7
–63
25
215
11
1
2
9
36
1,142
  Household and personal 
products
1
47
4
175
4
0
1
2
59
235
  Healthcare
3
17
4
24
5
1
2
2
48
1,696
Consumer discretionary and 
services
37
49
189
249
140
7
29
104
55
7,453
  Consumer durables
13
92
47
320
29
1
6
22
48
1,429
  Media and entertainment
8
72
37
322
22
1
2
19
51
1,136
  Retail trade
6
21
88
295
69
4
17
49
55
2,917
  Air transportation
0
17
3
161
2
0
0
2
67
181
  Accomodation and leisure
3
33
13
156
8
1
2
5
41
813
  Telecommunication services
6
66
1
11
9
1
1
7
687
978
Industrials
67
23
787
266
463
24
70
370
47
29,105
  Materials
–7
–38
117
615
80
4
5
71
61
1,819
  Capital goods
6
18
110
337
84
1
9
73
67
3,173
  Commercial and professional 
services
35
34
273
266
109
8
15
86
32
10,164
  Construction
13
23
119
205
91
5
12
74
62
5,721
  Wholesale trade
4
9
94
197
59
4
20
36
38
4,725
  Land transportation
8
35
57
249
27
1
4
22
38
2,268
  IT services
8
65
17
133
13
1
5
7
43
1,236
Maritime
62
81
706
896
276
24
22
230
33
7,605
  Ship building
–3
–328
19
1,934
19
0
0
19
97
81
  Shipping
65
89
686
908
257
24
22
211
31
7,299
  Maritime services
0
–15
0
17
0
0
0
0
15
225
Utilities and public service
7
14
34
71
19
2
1
16
47
4,775
  Utilities distribution
4
20
30
151
14
0
0
13
45
1,950
  Power production
–1
–5
1
4
2
1
0
1
69
1,936
  Public services
4
42
4
43
4
1
1
2
60
889
Real estate
7
2
224
63
110
15
14
81
36
35,504
Other industries
8
131
7
115
14
7
7
0
0
659
Total Corporate
381
35
3,183
290
1,612
95
191
1,327
42
107,991
Housing loans
–29
–3
630
58
52
10
13
29
5
108,393
Collateralised lending
48
27
444
243
260
26
48
186
42
17,973
Non-collateralised lending
138
192
354
478
242
19
89
134
38
7,159
Household
157
12
1,427
106
554
55
149
350
25
133,525
Public sector
1
3
0
0
2
0
2
0
38
4,062
Loans to the public 
540
22
4,610
186
2,169
150
342
1,677
36
245,577
1) Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 382 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
123
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit portfolio 
Including on- and off-balance-sheet exposures and exposures 
related to securities and Life insurance operations, the total 
credit risk exposure at year end was EUR 557bn (EUR 546bn 
in 2019).  Total credit exposure according to the CRR definition 
was at year end after Credit Conversion Factor EUR 481bn 
(EUR 467bn).  Credit risk is measured, monitored and seg-
mented in different ways.  On-balance lending consists of 
amortised cost lending and fair value lending and constitutes 
the major part of the credit portfolio.  Amortised cost lending 
is the basis for impaired loans, allowances and loan losses.  
Credit risk in lending is measured and presented as the princi-
pal amount of on-balance-sheet claims, i. e.  loans to credit 
institutions and to the public, and off-balance sheet potential 
claims on customers and counterparts, net after allowances.  
Credit risk exposure also includes the risk related to derivative 
contracts and securities financing.  Nordea’s loans to the pub-
lic increased by 2. 2% to EUR 330bn during 2020 (EUR 323bn).  
The corporate portfolio increased approximately 2. 9%, the 
household portfolio inreased by 5. 0%.  The overall credit qual-
ity is solid with strongly rated customers.  Close monitoring 
are done due to the COVID-19 crisis, but supported by the 
strong nordic economies and governmental support, the 
credit quality remained stable during 2020.  Of the lending to 
the public portfolio, corporate customers accounted for 45.1% 
(46. 9%), household customers for 53. 2% (51. 8%) and the pub-
lic sector for 1. 7% (1. 3%).  Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions, mainly in the form of inter-bank deposits, 
decreased to EUR 6bn at the end of 2020 (EUR 18bn).
Impaired loans and ratios
2020
2019
Gross impaired loans, amort. , EURm
3,979
4,610
- of which servicing
1,788
2,312
- of which non-servicing
2,191
2,298
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points
151
178
Impairment rate, (stage 3) net, basis points
87
113
Allowances in relation to loans, 
stages 1 and 2, basis points
30
20
Total allowance ratio (stages 1, 2 and 3),  
basis points
93
84
Allowances in relation to impaired loans  
(stage 3), %
42
37
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios
2020
2019
Net loan losses, EURm 
908
536
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, Group, 
basis points
35
22
- of which stage 3
21
18
- of which stages 1 & 2
14
4
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Group, basis points1
26
16
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Personal Banking, basis 
points
17
6
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Business Banking, basis 
points
34
23
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Large Corporates & 
Institutions, basis points
43
32
1) Net loan losses and net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair 
value divided by total lending at amortised cost and at fair value, basis points.
Loans to corporate customers
Loans to corporate customers at the end of 2020 amounted to 
EUR 149bn (EUR 152bn).  The sector that increased the most 
in 2020 was Real estate while Maritime decreased the most.  
The contribution of the three largest industries (Real Estate, 
Financial Institutions and Industrials) is approximately 70% of 
total corporate lending.  Real Estate remains the largest indus-
try in Nordea’s lending portfolio, at EUR 46. 6bn (EUR 43. 9bn).  
The Real Estate (commercial & residential) portfolio predomi-
nantly consists of relatively large and financially strong com-
panies, with 93% (92%) of the exposure in rating grades 4– 
and higher.  Loans to Maritime decreased to EUR 6. 4bn (EUR 
7.7bn) during the year.  The distribution of loans to corporate 
customers by size of loans, seen in the table below, shows a 
high degree of diversification where approximately 64% 
(65%) of the corporate volume represents loans up to EUR 
50m per customer.
Loans to corporate customers, by size of loans
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Size in EURm
Loans 
EURbn
%
Loans 
EURbn
%
0–10
57.2
38
62. 6
41
11–50
38. 9
26
36.1
24
51–100
22. 0
15
20. 7
14
101–250
22. 7
15
19. 8
13
251–500
3. 8
3
4.1
3
501–
4.1
3
8. 2
5
Total
148.7
100
151.5
100
Loans to household customers 
In 2020 lending to household customers increased by 5. 0% to 
EUR 176bn (EUR 167bn).  The increase was primarily driven by 
Sweden, but with increases in all countries.  Mortgage lending 
increased to EUR 151bn (EUR 142bn) and consumer lending 
unchanged at EUR 25m (EUR 25bn).  The proportion of mort-
gage lending of total household lending increased to 86% 
(85%).
Geographical distribution 
The portfolio is geographically well diversified with no mar-
ket accounting for more than 30% of total lending measured 
by the geography of the customer handling unit.  Other EU 
countries represent the largest part of lending outside the 
Nordic countries.  Lending to the public distributed by borrow-
er domicile shows that the customers residing in the Nordic 
countries account for 93% (93%).  
Rating and scoring distribution 
One way of assessing credit quality is through analysis of the 
distribution across rating grades, for rated corporate custom-
ers and institutions, as well as risk grades for scored house-
hold and small business customers, i. e.  retail exposures.  The 
average credit quality was stable in both the corporate and 
retail portfolios in 2020.  20% of the number of corporate cus-
tomers migrated upwards (19%) while 23% was down-rated 
(33%).  Exposure-wise, 17% (16%) of the corporate customer 
exposure migrated upwards while 18% (20%) was down-rat-
ed.  88% (87%) of the corporate exposure was rated 4– or 
higher, with an average rating for the portfolio of 4+.

--- Page 383 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
124
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade1
Average PD2 (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Allowances
7
0. 00
8,141
7
–
8,148
0
6 / A
0. 04
92,525
256
5
92,786
14
5 / B
0. 22
55,942
643
2
56,587
43
4 / C
0. 79
57,057
2,447
6
59,510
140
3 / D
4. 43
13,061
4,467
28
17,556
170
2 / E
15. 57
1,767
2,517
14
4,298
141
1 / F
30. 27
690
1,590
52
2,332
118
Standardised / Unrated
0. 00
16,5443
1,657
463
18,664
327
0 (default)
100. 00
296
256
3,409
3,961
1,495
Total
246,023
13,840
3,979
263,842
2,448
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade1
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Allowances
7
0. 00
8,922
23
–
8,945
2
6 / A
0. 04
92,278
227
7
92,512
8
5 / B
0. 20
56,651
883
46
57,580
29
4 / C
0. 63
57,349
2,191
20
59,560
82
3 / D
5. 23
13,593
3,198
58
16,849
124
2 / E
14. 22
3,159
2,086
27
5,272
121
1 / F
30. 56
1,152
1,439
73
2,664
97
Standardised / Unrated
0. 01
9,333
1,484
184
11,001
51
0 (default)
100. 00
278
167
4,195
4,640
1,669
Total
242,715
11,698
4,610
259,023
2,183
1) The stage classification and calculated provision for each exposure are based on the situation as per end of October 2020 (October 2019), while the exposure amount and rating 
grades are based on the situation as per end of December 2020 (December 2019).  Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of December were 
not in default as per end of October, and hence this is reflected in the stage classification.
2) Average PD excluding Nordea Finance Equipment AS.
3) The main driver for the increase from 2019 is the acquisition of Nordea Finance Equipment AS.
Rating/scoring information for off-balance-sheet items
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
5,796
–
–
5,796
0
6 / A
28,048
60
–
28,108
8
5 / B
32,567
119
1
32,687
19
4 / C
27,617
1,502
1
29,120
53
3 / D
4,744
2,332
2
7,078
41
2 / E
70
857
8
935
43
1 / F
25
336
0
361
28
Standardised / Unrated
1,948
437
2
2,387
24
0 (default)
–
–
642
642
20
Total
100,815
5,643
656
107,114
236
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,542
–
–
4,542
2
6 / A
21,905
11
–
21,916
4
5 / B
28,970
23
1
28,994
10
4 / C
24,357
1,625
3
25,985
20
3 / D
4,479
1,723
6
6,208
33
2 / E
384
496
5
885
16
1 / F
45
250
2
297
10
Standardised / Unrated
2,001
464
4
2,469
5
0 (default)
–
–
679
679
44
Total
86,683
4,592
700
91,975
144

--- Page 384 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
125
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Institutions and Retail customers on the other hand show a 
distribution that is biased towards the higher rating grades.  
93% (92%) of the retail exposures is scored C– or higher, 
which indicates a probability of default of 1% or lower.  The 
total effect on credit risk exposure amount (REA) from migra-
tion was an increase of approx.  0. 98% during the full year 
2020.
Impaired loans (stage 3) 
Impaired loans gross at amortised cost in the Group decreased 
to EUR 3,979m (EUR 4,610m), corresponding to 151 basis 
points of total loans.  45% of impaired loans gross are servicing 
and 55% are non-servicing.  Impaired loans net, after allowanc-
es for Stage 3 loans amount to EUR 2,305m, corresponding to 
87 basis points of total loans.  Allowances for stage 3 loans 
amount to EUR 1,674m.  Allowances for stages 1 & 2 loans 
amount to EUR 775m.  The ratio of allowances in relation to 
impaired loans is 42% and the allowance ratio for loans in 
stages 1 & 2 is 30 basis points.  The decrease in impaired loans 
was mainly related to Oil, gas and offshore and Shipping.  This 
is mainly due to restructurings and write-offs.  The portfolios 
with the largest impaired loan amounts were household 32%, 
industrials of 17%, Natural resources and Maritime of 14% each.
Past due loans 
Past due loans, 6 days or more, for corporate customers make 
up EUR 909m, down from EUR 978m one year ago, and past 
due loans to household sum up to EUR 1,543m in 2020, down 
from EUR 2,229m one year ago.  The table below shows loans 
past due 6 days or more, split by corporate and household 
customers.  Past due is defined as a loan payment that has not 
been made as of its due date.  Past due loans to corporate cus-
tomers, were at end of 2020 EUR 909m, down from EUR 978m 
one year ago, and past due loans for household customers 
decreased to EUR 1,543m from EUR 2,229m one year ago.
 
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
6–30 days
344
576
405
1,054
31–60 days
115
204
127
273
61–90 days
34
78
84
144
>90 days
416
685
362
758
Total
909
1,543
978
2,229
Past due (incl.  impaired) 
loans divided by loans  
to the ­public after  
allowances, %
0. 67
0. 88
0. 63
1. 33
Rating distribution IRB Corporate customers1
  2019 
  2020
%
6+
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
0
5
10
15
20
 
Risk grade distribution IRB Retail customers1
  2019 
  2020
6+
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
0
10
20
30
40
50
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses for 2020 was EUR 908m (EUR 536m), corre-
sponding to an annual net loan loss ratio at 35 bps for amor-
tised cost loans and when including loans held at fair value 
26bps (16bp).  EUR 443m is due to increased management 
judgements mainly to cover for the uncertainty on future loss-
es related to COVID-19.  The individual provisions are driven 
by Oil, Gas and Offshore as well as Maritime mainly due to 
changed collateral values.  There are also large net loan losses 
for consumer lending, but this is mainly related to the man-
agement judgements decided during the year.  Net loan losses 
increased in Personal Banking to EUR 296m (EUR 130m) and 
Business Banking to EUR 328m (EUR 141m) and in Large Cor-
porates & Institutions to EUR 277m (EUR 251m).  Of the net 
loan losses, EUR 547m relates to corporate customers (EUR 
157m), and EUR 362m (EUR 377m) to household customers.
Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that Nordea’s counterpart 
in an FX, interest, commodity, equity or credit derivative con-
tract defaults prior to maturity of the contract and that 
Nordea at that time has a claim on the counterpart.  Counter-
party credit risk can also exist in repurchasing agreements 
and other securities financing transactions.  Current exposure 
net (after close-out netting and collateral reduction) repre-
sents EUR 7.3bn of which 28% was towards financial institu-
tions.  For information about financial instruments subject to 
master netting agreement, see Note G42 “Financial instru-
ments set off on balance or subject to netting agreements“.
1)  Defaulted loans are not included in the risk grade distribution.
1)  Defaulted loans are not included in the rating distribution.

--- Page 385 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
126
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 20201
11,552
79
0
11,631
232,466
10,670
4,610
247,745
244,018
10,749
4,610
259,376
Origination and acquisition
1,042
1
–
1,043
63,435
1,742
924
66,101
64,477
1,743
924
67,144
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
4
–4
–
–
–3,220
3,220
–
–
–3,216
3,216
–
–
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
–
–
–84
84
–
–
–84
84
–
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
5
–
–5
–
–229
–
229
–
–224
–
224
–
Repayments and disposals
–5,805
–20
–
–5,825
–52,778
–1,901
–1,056
–55,735
–58,583
–1,921
–1,056
–61,560
Write-offs
–
–
–
–
–
–
–566
–566
–
–
–566
–566
Other changes
–2,592
1
5
–2,586
2,058
183
–224
2,017
–534
184
–219
–569
Translation differences
145
1
–
146
–60
–47
–22
–129
85
–46
–22
17
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020
4,351
58
0
4,409
241,672
13,782
3,979
259,433
246,023
13,840
3,979
263,842
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785
Origination and acquisition
2,088
0
–
2,088
59,495
1,000
422
60,917
61,583
1,000
422
63,005
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
–7
7
–
0
982
–982
–
0
975
–975
0
0
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–
–213
213
0
0
–213
213
0
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–357
–
357
0
–357
0
357
0
Repayments and disposals
–3,272
–16
–
–3,288
–52,422
–2,774
–613
–55,809
–55,694
–2,790
–613
–59,097
Write-offs
–
–
–
0
–
–
–437
–437
0
0
–437
–437
Other changes
–2,489
58
–
–2,431
8,150
–1,042
–4
7,104
5,661
–984
–4
4,673
Translation differences
–29
0
–
–29
–893
–9
25
–877
–922
–9
25
–906
Closing balance at 31 Dec 20191
11,549
79
0
11,628
232,115
10,671
4,609
247,395
243,664
10,750
4,609
259,023
1)  Opening balance for 2020 restated for accrued interest as explained in Note G1.  Comparative figures for 2019 above are not restated.

--- Page 386 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
127
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
Origination and acquisition
–1
0
–
–1
–31
–9
–1
–41
–32
–9
–1
–42
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
0
–
0
6
–73
–
–67
6
–73
0
–67
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
1
–
–57
–56
1
0
–57
–56
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
0
–
0
–15
57
–
42
–15
57
0
42
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
13
–159
–146
0
13
–159
–146
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
–
–
–
0
–10
–
14
4
–10
0
14
4
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–19
24
5
0
–19
24
5
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
0
–5
–4
23
–12
–214
–203
24
–10
–221
–207
Repayments and disposals
1
6
–
7
23
32
52
107
24
37
53
114
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
312
312
0
0
312
312
Changes due to update in the 
institution's methodology for 
estimation (net)
–
–
–
0
0
–40
–13
–53
0
–40
–13
–53
Other changes
–
–
–
0
–5
–5
–28
–38
–5
–5
–28
–38
Translation differences
0
0
–2
–2
0
1
–10
–9
0
0
–11
–11
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
–4
–2
–10
–16
–149
–342
–1,676
–2,167
–153
–344
–1,686
–2,183
The tables shows the changes in exposure/allowances for each stage during the year.  If an exposure moves into stage 2 from 
stage 1, there will be a reversal for stage 1 and an increase for stage 2.
Movements in allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020
–4
–2
–10
–16
–149
–342
–1,676
–2,167
–153
–344
–1,686
–2,183
Origination and acquisition
–
–
–
–
–86
–32
–48
–166
–86
–32
–48
–166
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–
–
–
–
6
–136
–
–130
6
–136
–
–130
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
–
1
–
–78
–77
1
–
–78
–77
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
–
–
–
–
–4
54
–
50
–4
54
0
50
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
–
–
17
–64
–47
–
17
–64
–47
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
–
–
–
–
–1
–
9
8
–1
–
9
8
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
–
–
–12
67
55
–
–12
67
55
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
–
–
8
8
–63
–65
–324
–452
–63
–65
–316
–444
Repayments and disposals
1
1
2
4
14
27
57
98
15
28
59
102
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
–
–
–
369
369
–
–
369
369
Translation differences
–
–
–
–
1
–
14
15
1
–
14
15
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020
–3
–1
0
–4
–281
–489
–1,674
–2,444
–284
–490
–1,674
–2,448

--- Page 387 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
128
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in provisions for off-balance-sheet items
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020
33
70
41
144
Origination and acquisition
17
8
1
26
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–1
44
–
43
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
1
1
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
1
–20
–
–19
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–1
8
7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–2
–2
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
1
–7
–6
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
27
39
–7
59
Repayments and disposals
–5
–4
0
–9
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–9
–9
Translation differences
0
1
0
1
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020
72
138
26
236
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
18
41
62
121
Origination and acquisition
5
2
0
7
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
21
–
21
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–9
–
–7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
0
3
3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–1
–1
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–4
–4
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
12
18
–21
9
Repayments and disposals
–4
–3
0
–7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
33
70
41
144

--- Page 388 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
129
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss in Nordea’s positions in either 
the trading book or non-trading book as a result of changes 
in market rates and parameters that affect the market values 
or net interest income flows.  Market risk exists irrespective of 
the accounting treatment of the positions.
The market risk appetite for the Group is expressed 
through risk appetite statements issued by the Board of 
Directors.  The statements are defined for trading and banking 
books.
The 2nd LoD ensures that the risk appetite is appropriately 
translated through the Risk Committee into specific risk 
appetite limits for the Business Areas and Group Treasury and 
ALM (TALM).
As part of the overall risk appetite framework (RAF), holis-
tic and bespoke stress tests are used to measure the market 
risk appetite and calibrate limits to monitor and control the 
full set of material market risk factors to which the bank is 
exposed.
Traded market risk
Traded market risk arises mainly from client-driven trading 
activities and related hedges in Nordea Markets which is part 
of Nordea Large Corporates & Institutions.
Nordea Markets takes market risks as part of its business 
model to support corporate and institutional clients through a 
range of fixed income, equity, foreign exchange, commodity 
and structured products.  The market risks Nordea Markets is 
exposed to include interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity 
risk, foreign exchange risk, commodity risk and inflation risk.
Furthermore, Nordea is one of the major mortgage lenders 
in the Nordics and market makers in Nordic corporate and 
government bonds.  Holding inventory is a consequence of 
providing secondary market liquidity.  As a result, Nordea’s 
business model naturally gives rise to a concentration in Nor-
dic mortgage and corporate bonds as well as in local market 
currencies.
Non-traded market risk
Non-traded market risk arises from the core banking business 
of Nordea, related hedges and regulatory or other external 
requirements (e. g.  liquid asset buffer).
TALM is responsible for the risk management of all non-
traded market risk exposures in the Group’s balance sheet.  To 
ensure a clear division of responsibilities within TALM the 
banking book risk management is divided across several 
frameworks – each with a clear risk mandate and specific 
limits and controls.
The non-traded market risks that Nordea is exposed to are 
interest rate risk, credit spread risk, foreign exchange risk 
(both structural and non-structural) and equity risk.
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current 
or prospective risk to Nordea’s capital and earnings arising 
from adverse movements in interest rates.  Business Areas 
transfer their banking book risk exposures to TALM through 
an internal funds transfer pricing framework.  The market risks 
are managed centrally and include gap risk, spread risks, 
basis risks, credit spread risk, behavioural risk and non-linear 
risks.  These risks are delineated by currency.
Liquid assets are managed in accordance with the Liquid-
ity Buffer and Pledge/Collateral frameworks.  Most of the 
directional interest rate risk arising from bond holdings is 
hedged primarily with maturity matched IRS payer swaps 
and to a smaller degree with OIS payer swaps.  Forward Rate 
Agreements and listed futures contracts are also used to 
hedge credit spread and interest rate fixing risks.
The tail hedging framework operates a running portfolio of 
tail hedges across listed equity futures and options, main 
credit indices and interest rate swaps and options.
Measurement of market risk
Nordea uses several quantitative risk measurement methods 
for traded market risk: Value-at-Risk (VaR), stress testing, 
sensitivity analysis, parametric methods and Monte Carlo 
simulation.
VaR is based on historical scenarios and is the primary 
market risk measurement metric, complemented by stress 
testing.  Nordea calculates VaR using historical simulation.  The 
current portfolio is revalued based on historical daily changes 
in market prices, rates and other market risk factors observed 
during the last 500 business days and translated to changes 
in the current market risk factors.  Nordea uses absolute, rela-
tive and mixed translation methods for different risk catego-
ries.  The revaluation of the current portfolio is performed for 
each position using either a linear approximation method or a 
full revaluation method, depending on the nature of the 
position.
Parametric methods are used to capture equity event risk 
including the impact of defaults on equity related positions 
(these risks are part of specific equity risk).
Monte Carlo simulation is used in the Incremental Risk 
Measure model and the Comprehensive Risk Measure model 
to capture the default and migration risks.
The Value-at-Risk, Stressed Value-at-Risk, Equity Event 
Risk, Incremental Risk Measure and the Comprehensive Risk 
Measure models were all approved by the bank’s previous 
regulator, the Swedish FSA, for use in calculating market risk 
own funds requirements under the Internal Model Approach 
(IMA).  The same models, with same calibration and settings, 
as used for regulatory capital requirements are used for inter-
nal risk management purposes.
The Standardised Approach is applied to risk exposure 
which is not covered by the IMA.  It is used for calculating 
market risk exposures for commodity related products, spe-
cific risk for mortgage and government bonds, commercial 
papers, credit/rate hybrids and credit spread options, as well 
as for equity risk related to structured equity and Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 bonds.
Nordea Bank Abp is the only legal entity for which this 
model is in use.  After the relocation to Finland in October 
2018, Nordea is operating under a temporary tolerance deci-
sion from the ECB, allowing the bank to continue to use its 
IMA approved by the Swedish FSA.  The ECB’s temporary tol-
erance is conditioned on Nordea applying to the ECB for a 
new permanent IMA approval, which was submitted in 
December 2020.
IRRBB is measured, monitored and managed using three 
key risk metrics:
• Economic Value (EV),
• Fair Value (FV), and
• Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR).
The three different risk metrics are used to assess differing 
aspects of the manifestation of interest rate risk.  These are 
described in more detail below.
Economic value (EV) of Equity stress tests consider the 
change in the economic value of banking book assets, liabili-
ties and interest-bearing derivative exposures resulting from 
interest rate movements, independently of accounting clas-
sification and ignoring credit spreads and commercial mar-
gins.  The model assumes a run-off balance sheet and 
includes behavioural modelling for non-maturing deposits 
and prepayments.  Changes in the Economic Value of Equity 
of the banking book are measured using the six standardised 
scenarios defined by the Basel Committee on Banking Super-
vision (BCBS) plus a range of internal parallel shocks.  The 
exposure limit under EV is measured against the worst out-
come out of the six Basel scenarios measured.  The EV Basel 
scenarios are estimated daily for management information

--- Page 389 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
130
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
purposes, but fully calculated and monitored monthly against 
the risk appetite limits.  The fair value risk stress measure con-
siders the potential revaluation risk relating to positions held 
under fair value accounting classifications.  Fair value sensi-
tivities in the banking book are monitored against five severe 
but plausible market stress scenarios.  The scenarios are cali-
brated to reflect severe events designed to test specific expo-
sures that are or may be held under the approved mandate.  
The risk is measured daily, and a risk appetite limit is set 
against the worst outcome of the five scenarios.  The FV sce-
narios are applied to both the banking book and trading book 
portfolios, and the Board risk appetite limit considers the 
combined impact across both.  The FV stress metric is moni-
tored daily.
The earnings risk metric measures the change in net inter-
est income relative to a base scenario, creating a Structural 
Interest Income Risk (SIIR) value over a one-year horizon.  The 
model uses a constant balance sheet assumption, implied for-
ward rates and behavioural modelling for the non-maturing 
deposits and prepayments.  Similarly to EV, SIIR is measured 
using the six standardised scenarios defined by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) for management 
information, plus a range of internal parallel shocks.  The SIIR 
risk appetite limit is set against a +/– 50bps parallel shock.  
The SIIR earnings metric is monitored monthly.
The measurement of IRRBB is dependent on key assump-
tions applied in the models.  The most material assumptions 
relate to the modelling of embedded behavioural options in 
both assets and liabilities.  The behavioural option held by 
Nordea’s lending customers to execute early loan prepay-
ments is estimated using prepayment models.  On the liability 
side, Nordea has an option to change deposit rates, and cus-
tomers have an option to withdraw non-maturing deposits 
(NMD) at any given day.  Both embedded options are mod-
elled using NMD models.  Both assumptions are calculated 
based on historical average by core asset and liability class 
features.  Assets and liabilities are grouped according to key 
metrics including product type, geography and customer seg-
ment.  Assumptions are based on historically observed values.  
Regular back-testing and model monitoring are performed 
for both prepayment models and NMD models to ensure that 
the models remain accurate.
The Pillar 2 IRRBB capital allocations consist of a Fair 
Value Risk component and an Earnings Risk component.  The 
Fair Value Risk component covers the impact on the bank’s 
equity due to adverse movements in the MtM values of posi-
tions accounted for at Fair Value through Profit and Loss 
(FVTPL) or Fair Value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI).  The Earnings Risk component covers the impact of 
rate changes on future earnings capacity, and the resulting 
implications for internal capital buffer levels.
Nordea is exposed to structural FX risk defined as the mis-
match between the currency composition of its common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) and risk exposure amounts.  CET1 is large-
ly denominated in euro with the only significant non-euro 
equity amounts stemming from mortgage subsidiaries and 
Nordea Bank Russia.  Changes in FX rates can therefore nega-
tively impact Nordea’s CET1 ratio.
Market risk analysis
The market risk for the Nordea trading book is presented in 
the table below.
The Market risk measured by VaR showed an average utili-
sation of EUR 31. 6m in 2020 (average in 2019 was EUR 14. 8m) 
and was primarily driven by interest rate VaR.  Stressed VaR 
showed an average utilisation of EUR 46. 7m which is similar 
to 2019 (average in 2019 was EUR 46. 6m) and primarily driv-
en by interest rate stressed VaR with additional contributions 
from credit spread stressed VaR.  The highs in VaR and 
stressed VaR were reached in Q1 2020.  VaR and stressed VaR 
are primarily driven by market risk in Northern European and 
Nordic countries.
The Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) at the end of 2020 was 
lower than at the end of 2019 which was driven by reduced 
default exposure.  The lowest exposure occurred during 
Q2 2020, while IRC was the highest in Q1 2020.  Average IRC 
increased by EUR 4. 4m compared to the previous year, pri-
marily driven by higher contribution from the migration 
component.  
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC) at the end of 2020 was 
slightly higher than at the end of 2019.  The lowest exposure 
occurred during Q1 2020, while CRC peaked during Q2 2020 
at the start of the COVID-19 crisis.  Average CRC for 2020 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk figures for the trading book1
EURm
31 Dec 2020
2020 high
2020 low
2020 avg
Total VaR
17
70
12
32
Interest rate risk
18
60
12
29
Equity risk
4
31
1
5
Credit spread risk
12
54
4
13
Foreign exchange risk
3
11
1
3
Inflation risk
3
4
2
3
Diversification effect
58
67
25
41
Total Stressed VaR
40
95
26
47
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
18
40
12
21
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC)
18
150
15
39
1)  Equity Event Risk, which equalled EUR 0. 8m at end of 2020.
Market risk for the banking book figures
EURm
31 Dec 2020
2020 high
2020 low
2020 avg
Total VaR
88
113
32
73

--- Page 390 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
131
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
increased by EUR 19. 9m compared to 2019 as it was dragged 
up by the peak at the start of the COVID-19 crisis.
The VaR for Banking Book has increased materially during 
the year, driven by volatility relating to COVID-19.  Volatility of 
underlying market movements is directly carried into the met-
rics used to model VaR.  Overall Banking Book market risk, 
however, remains within appetite and no fundamental chang-
es in the portfolio have taken place during the year to 
increase risk materially.
The exposure to long term illiquid investment holdings was 
EUR 1,268m at the end of 2020 (EUR 1,171m at the end of 
2019), of which:
•	 private equity funds EUR 435m (EUR 347m), 
•	 hedge funds EUR 1m (EUR 1m), 
•	 credit funds EUR 300m (EUR 256m), 
•	 seed-money investments EUR 192m (EUR 260m), 
•	 unlisted equity investments of EUR 236m (EUR 262m), 
•	 structured loans of EUR 42m (EUR 0m), and 
•	 ventures EUR 62m (EUR 44m).  
All types of investments, excluding structured loans, are 
spread over a number of funds.
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR)/EV
At the end of the year, the worst loss out of the six Basel sce-
narios for SIIR was driven by the Steepening Basel scenario, 
where the potential reduction of one year interest income due 
to interest rate movements was EUR 655m (against the worst 
case income reduction at the end of 2019 of EUR 1,030m, also 
taken from the Steepening Basel scenario).  Nordea’s balance 
sheet is structured such that net interest income would 
decrease if short term interest rates fall while long rates rise.
EV risk across all scenarios is currently zero, due to the 
beneficial impact of rate floors on assets and liabilities that 
apply due to the low/negative rate environment.  
Other market risks/Pension risk
Pension risk (including market and longevity risks) arises 
from Nordea-sponsored defined benefit pension schemes for 
past and current employees.  The ability of the pension 
schemes to meet the projected pension payments is main-
tained through investments and ongoing scheme 
contributions.
Pension risks can manifest through increases in the value 
of liabilities or through falls in the values of assets.  These 
risks are regularly reported and monitored and include con-
sideration of sub components of market risk such as interest 
rate, inflation, credit spread, real estate and equity risk.  To 
minimise the risks to Nordea, limits are imposed on potential 
losses under severe but plausible stress events and by limits 
on capital drawdown.  In addition, regular reviews of the 
schemes strategic asset allocation are undertaken to ensure 
the investment approach reflects Nordea’s risk appetite.  See 
Note G34 for more information.
Operational risk
Nordea defines operational risk as the risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and sys-
tems or from external events, and includes legal risk.  
Operational risks are inherent in all of Nordea’s businesses 
and operations.  Managers throughout Nordea are account-
able for the operational risks related to their mandate and for 
managing these risks within risk limits and risk appetite in 
accordance with the operational risk management 
framework.  
Group Operational Risk (GOR) within Group Risk and Com-
pliance (GRC) constitutes the second line of defence (2nd 
LoD) risk control function for operational risk and is respon-
sible for developing and maintaining the overall operational 
risk management framework as well as for monitoring and 
controlling the operational risk management of the first line 
of defence (1st LoD).  GOR monitors and controls that opera-
tional risks are appropriately identified, assessed and mitigat-
ed, follows-up risk exposures towards risk appetite and 
assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of the operational 
risk management framework and the implementation of the 
frameworks.
The focus areas of the monitoring and control work per-
formed by GOR are decided during an annual planning pro-
cess that includes business areas, key risk areas and opera-
tional risk processes.  GOR is responsible for preparing and 
submitting regular risk reports on all material risk exposures 
including risk appetite limit utilisation and incidents to the 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who thereafter reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the 
Group Board and relevant committees.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk figures for the trading book1
EURm
31 Dec  2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
Total VaR
21
23
10
15
Interest rate risk
18
21
8
14
Equity risk
6
10
1
3
Credit spread risk
4
11
3
5
Foreign exchange risk
2
6
1
3
Inflation risk
2
3
1
2
Diversification effect
34
58
34
46
Total Stressed VaR
67
86
28
47
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
21
41
7
16
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC)
17
29
9
20
1)  Equity Event Risk, which equalled EUR 0. 2m at end of 2019.
Market risk for the banking book figures
EURm
31 Dec  2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
Total VaR
34
58
27
42

--- Page 391 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
132
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
While the COVID-19 crisis has presented Nordea with a 
heightened level of operational risk, this has not materialised 
in the form of increased losses due to operational risks for 
2020.  Events such as fraud, large scale processing errors and 
data breaches are all more likely given the current situation.  
However, the root cause of these may derive from a variety of 
different factors, including but not limited to employees work-
ing from home.  As a preventive measure, the risk appetite 
limit for losses due to operational risk was temporarily 
increased in December 2020 to ensure the needed flexibility 
in Nordea’s operations in light of the uncertain COVID-19 
environment.  
The risk appetite for losses is within appetite as of Decem-
ber 2020 based on the 4-quarter rolling loss number.  
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for operational risk is 
expressed in terms of:
•	 residual risk level in breach of risk appetite and require-
ments for mitigating actions for risks; and 
•	 total loss amount from incidents and management of 
incidents.  
Management of operational risk
Management of operational risk includes all activities aimed 
at identifying; assessing and measuring; responding and miti-
gating; controlling and monitoring; and reporting on risks.  
The risk management is supported by various processes 
including e. g.  the Risk and Control Self-Assessment, Change 
Risk Management and Approval, Incident Management, Sce-
nario Analysis, Business Continuity and Crisis Management, 
Information Security Management, Technology and Data Risk 
Management, Third Party Risk Management, Insurance relat-
ed risk diversification and Significant Operating processes.  
Some of these processes are described below and addi-
tional details on processes for managing and controlling 
operational risks are included in the Operational and Compli-
ance Risk section of the Capital and Risk Management Report 
2020 published in accordance with the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (CRR).  
Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
The Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process pro-
vides a risk-based view of operational and compliance risks 
across Nordea.  The process improves risk awareness and 
enables effective assessment, control, and mitigation of iden-
tified risks.  For risks identified in the RCSA process, the level 
of inherent risk and the controls in place to mitigate the inher-
ent risks are assessed.  If mitigating actions are required to 
reduce the risk exposure, these are identified and 
implemented.  
Change Risk Management and Approval framework 
The objective of the Change Risk Management and Approval 
(CRMA) framework is to ensure that there is a full under-
standing of both financial and non-financial risks arising from 
the change, and that risks have been adequately managed 
consistent with Nordea’s risk strategy, risk appetite and cor-
responding risk limits before a change is approved, executed 
or implemented.
Changes in scope of the CRMA framework include e. g.  new 
or significant changes to products, services, markets, process-
es and IT systems as well as exceptional transactions and 
decommissioning.  
Incident Management 
The objective of Incident Management is to ensure appropri-
ate handling and reporting of detected incidents to minimise 
the impact on Nordea and its customers.  Incident Manage-
ment is designed to prevent reoccurrence and to reduce the 
probability and impact of future incidents.  In addition, the 
Incident Management shall secure timely notification to 
defined external bodies and parties, including relevant super-
visory authorities.
Business Continuity and Crisis Management 
The objective of the Business Continuity and Crisis Manage-
ment is the overall risk management under which Nordea 
ensures building and maintaining the appropriate levels of 
resiliency, readiness, response and management of extraordi-
nary events and crises.  Business Continuity Plan sets out the 
procedures to respond, recover, resume and restore opera-
tions following an extraordinary event.  Crisis Management 
provides the governance to execute plans and enhance deci-
sion making during a crisis.
Third Party Risk Management 
The objective of the Third Party Risk Management (TPRM) is 
to ensure that risks related to third parties and third party 
activities, including but not limited to outsourcing and intra-
group outsourcing, are appropriately identified, assessed and 
managed before entering into, during, as well as when exiting 
a third party arrangement.  TPRM shall ensure risks associ-
ated with third parties and third party activities are kept with-
in risk appetite and risk limits.  
Financial Reporting Risk
Financial reporting risk is defined as the risk of misstatements 
or deficiencies in financial reporting and regulatory reporting 
and disclosures.  The risk arises from erroneous interpretation 
and implementation of accounting standards and regulation, 
the use of judgement in reporting, as well as from inadequate 
governance and control frameworks around financial report-
ing.  The framework for managing financial reporting risk is 
based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO) framework, which provides 
the structure and guidance for designing, operating and eval-
uating the system of internal control over financial reporting 
across the group.  The framework is the mechanism through 
which management expresses its various assertions over its 
financial statements.  Group Risk and Compliance is the risk 
control function for financial reporting risk and is responsible 
for the independent monitoring, assessment and oversight of 
the risks and the group’s implementation of the framework, 
and reports to Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
Compliance Risk
Nordea defines compliance risk as the risk of failure to com-
ply with applicable regulations and related internal rules.  
Managers throughout Nordea are accountable for the 
compliance risks related to their mandate and for managing 
these risks within risk limits and risk appetite in accordance 
with the compliance risk management framework.
Group Compliance within Group Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) constitutes the independent second line of defence 
(2nd LoD) compliance function and is responsible for devel-
oping and maintaining the risk management framework for 
compliance risks and for guiding the business in their imple-
mentation of and adherence to the framework.  
Compliance activities are presented in the form of an  
annual compliance oversight plan to the President of Nordea 
Bank Abp and Chief Executive Officer of the Nordea Group 
(Group CEO) and the Board of Directors (Group Board).  The 
annual compliance oversight plan represents the compliance 
activities of Nordea, combining Group Compliance’s overall 
approach to key risk areas.  The plan is comprised of detailed 
plans for Business Areas, Group Functions, consolidated 
Group subsidiaries, branches and for each risk area.  Group 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 392 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
133
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Compliance is responsible for regular reporting on their plans 
to the Group Board, the CEO in Group Leadership Team (GLT), 
branch management and relevant committees, at least 
quarterly.
In 2020, COVID-19 has had a massive impact on society at 
large including our customers and Nordea.  In order to main-
tain service levels towards our customers and comply with 
government instructions regarding COVID-19, Nordea 
employees have increasingly operated remotely, which has 
had a bearing on current operating models and thus intro-
duced potential new risks.  Nordea has actively monitored 
these risks and implemented mitigating procedures to ensure 
that customers and markets remain as unaffected as possible.  
COVID-19 has also brought with it an increased volatility in 
financial markets, and Nordea has monitored activities closely 
to ensure fair treatment of our customers and integrity in the 
market.  This has been largely supported by an increased 
focus on employee trainings and the enhancement of 
Nordea’s market abuse surveillance capabilities.  
Nordea’s management of the COVID-19 situation meant 
that Nordea was also able to keep the financial crime preven-
tion operational processes running as well.  Development of 
COVID-19 was monitored from an early stage enabling a pro-
active approach as the situation developed.  Accordingly 
Nordea was able to maintain the four main capability areas in 
financial crime prevention: Sanctions screening, Transaction 
monitoring, Know Your Customers (KYC) and Fraud 
management.
Nordea also continued to strengthen the compliance func-
tion and formally mobilised an enhancement programme to 
look to further reinforce the compliance risk management 
framework during 2020.
During 2020, Nordea continued to work on ensuring that 
Nordea’s culture and behaviours are consistent with Nordea’s 
values and that Nordea delivers fair outcomes for its custom-
ers throughout the entire stage of the customer lifecycle.  
Nordea has also progressed in its development of the Con-
duct Risk Framework through improved reporting, risk identi-
fication and raised awareness.  Nordea has established a com-
mittee to oversee the prudent management of compliance 
and conduct risks.  Management of Conflicts of interest in 
relation to products and services has remained a key area of 
focus.
Nordea’s Code of Conduct and corporate values underpin 
Nordea’s culture and set the parameters for how Nordea's 
employees should conduct themselves.  All Nordea’s employ-
ees are required to complete annual training in the Code of 
Conduct to ensure proper awareness and knowledge of the 
ethical principles.  
Nordea is committed to conducting business with the high-
est ethical standards and according to applicable laws, rules 
and regulations.  Nordea’s internal controls and operating pro-
cedures are designed to detect and prevent misconduct and 
fraudulent actions.  
Nordea’s whistleblowing function, Raising Your Concern 
(RYC), ensures that all of Nordea’s stakeholders, including 
customers, partners, affected communities as well as our own 
employees, have the right to speak up and always feel safe in 
doing so if they have concerns about suspected misconduct 
such as breaches of human rights, or irregularities such as 
fraudulent, inappropriate, dishonest, illegal or negligent activ-
ity or behaviour in our operations, products or services.  
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and require-
ments, including but not limited to those of the Nordic coun-
tries, the European Union and the United States.  The supervi-
sory and governmental authorities administering and enforc-
ing these regimes make regular enquiries and conduct 
investigations with regard to Nordea’s compliance.  Areas sub-
ject to investigation include investment advice, anti-money 
laundering (AML), trade regulation and sanctions adherence, 
external tax rules, competition law, and governance and con-
trol.  The outcome and timing of these enquiries and investi-
gations are unclear and pending.  Accordingly, it cannot be 
ruled out that these enquiries and investigations could lead to 
criticism against the bank, reputation loss, fines, sanctions, 
disputes and/or litigation.  
In June 2015 the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Danmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML.  The outcome resulted in criti-
cism and, in accordance with Danish administrative practice, 
the matter was handed over to the police for further handling 
and possible sanctions.  As previously stated, Nordea expects 
to be fined in Denmark for weak AML processes and proce-
dures in the past and has made a provision for ongoing AML-
related matters.
There is a risk that, in the event the authorities issue fines, 
these could be higher (or potentially lower) than the current 
provision, and that this could also impact the Nordea’s finan-
cial performance.  In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation.  Given this uncertainty, Nordea will 
maintain the level of provision for ongoing AML-related mat-
ters while also continuing the dialogue with the Danish 
Authorities regarding their allegations concerning historical 
AML weaknesses.  Nordea has made significant investments 
to address the deficiencies highlighted by the investigations.  
Among other actions, Nordea established in 2015 the Finan-
cial Crime Change Programme, and has strengthened its 
organisation significantly to enhance the AML and sanction 
management risk frameworks.  Nordea has also established 
the Sustainability and Ethics Committee and a culture trans-
formation programme to embed stronger ethical standards 
into its corporate culture.  The Group is also investing in 
enhanced compliance standards, processes and resources in 
both the first and second lines of defence.  
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea's provision of assistance to a foreign bank in connec-
tion with the said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on behalf of 
one of its customers.  It is Nordea’s assessment that it is not 
liable, and Nordea disputes the claim.
Financial Crime Prevention
Nordea continued to strengthen its financial crime defences 
in 2020.  Significant compliance enhancements have been 
achieved within the areas of: i) governance, ii) IT support of 
customer due diligence processes, iii) acceleration of KYC 
files remediation, iv) transaction monitoring capabilities, v) 
updating Nordea’s policies in light of changes in regulation, 
and vi) strengthening of Nordea’s Sanctions programme.
During the year Nordea closely followed issued warnings 
from international advisory bodies and national Nordic regu-
lators regarding potential impact of the pandemic on finan-
cial crime (fraud, cybercrime, exploitation of government 
funds etc. ).  Nordea has also initiated proactive and reactive 
case reviews through risk assessment process, looking into 
patters and reg flags in addition to existing controls (e. g.  
false/fraudulent claims of government aid, unusual transac-
tion patterns during lockdown period).  Furthermore, Nordea 
has increased its cooperation with local Financial Intelligent 
Units due to higher numbers of urgent inquiries from these.
Management of compliance risk
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for compliance risk gives 
direction on the compliance risk management and defines at

--- Page 393 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
134
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
which residual risk levels, risks would breach risk appetite 
and formulate requirements on mitigation of compliance risk.  
Details on key processes for managing and controlling 
compliance risks are included in the Operational and Compli-
ance Risk section of the Capital and Risk Management Report 
2020 published in accordance with the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (CRR).
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life &  
Pensions operations
The life insurance business of Nordea Life & Pensions (NLP) 
consists of a range of different life & health products, from 
endowments with duration of a few years to very long-term 
pension savings contracts, with durations of more than 40 
years.  Market return products (unit-linked products) clearly 
dominate NLP’s business.  Traditional products (participating 
savings and life insurance products) and health insurance 
take minor roles in NLP’s business profile.
The main risks that NLP is exposed to are market risks and 
life & health insurance risks.
Market risks at NLP arise from the sensitivity of the values 
of assets and liabilities to changes in the level or volatility of 
market prices or interest rates.  Within market risk, the interest 
rate risk, equity risk, credit spread risk and currency risk are 
the most relevant risks.
Market risks are measured and monitored through expo-
sure calculations and adequate limit setting.  In addition, NLP 
regularly performs stress tests and macroeconomic scenario 
analyses to assess the need for future capitalisation.  The 
results of stress tests and scenario analysis are monitored 
against limits specified in the internal policies.  
Market risk is mitigated by applying hedging and asset 
allocation strategies.
Life & health insurance risk is the risk of unexpected losses 
due to changes in the level, trend or volatility of mortality, 
longevity, disability and surrender/ lapse rates.  The risks are 
measured and monitored through calculations of the Solven-
cy II capital requirements.  To assess the resilience of the busi-
ness to sudden changes in the lapse rate, regular sensitivity 
tests are performed at NLP group and local entity level.  Life & 
health insurance risk is mitigated using actuarial methods, i. e.  
through tariffs, rules for acceptance of customers, reinsurance 
contracts, stress tests and setting up adequate provisions for 
risks.
Liquidity risk management
During 2020, Nordea continued to benefit from its prudent 
liquidity risk management, in terms of maintaining a diversi-
fied and strong funding base and a diversified liquidity buffer.  
Nordea maintained a strong liquidity position throughout the 
period of COVID-19-related market stress.
Nordea issued approximately EUR 23. 4bn in long-term 
funding in 2020 (excluding Danish covered bonds), of which 
approximately EUR 8. 4bn was issued in the form of covered 
bonds and EUR 15. 0bn was issued as senior debt.
Throughout 2020, Nordea remained compliant with the 
requirement in Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) in all curren-
cies on a combined basis.  
In the course of 2020, Nordea participated in ECB and local 
central bank facilities, for example the targeted longer-term 
refinancing operation (TLTRO III) provided by the ECB in the 
second quarter, to further support customer needs.
Nordea has borrowed EUR 7bn under the TLTRO III pro-
gramme.  The negative interest expense amounted to EUR 
19m in 2020.  Nordea recognises negative interest expense 
based on the current applicable interest rate fixed by the ECB.  
The interest rate on the funding is currently –0. 5%, and may in 
the future decrease to –1% with retroactive impact.  The inter-
est rate on the liability depends on the rate fixed by the ECB 
and also on the development of the credit volume in a bench-
mark portfolio.  If certain thresholds are reached, Nordea will 
receive a discount on the interest rate paid, at which time 
Nordea will alter the effective interest rate under IFRS 9.  In 
2020 Nordea did not include any such alteration of the effec-
tive interest rate, as it could not be assumed with adequate 
certainty that the thresholds would be reached.  Any impact 
from an alteration of the effective interest rate will be recog-
nised as “Net interest income”.
Liquidity risk definition and identification
Liquidity risk is the risk that Nordea is unable to service its 
cash flow obligations when they fall due; or unable to meet 
its cash flow obligations without incurring significant addi-
tional funding costs.  Nordea is exposed to liquidity risk in its 
lending, investment, funding, off-balance-sheet exposures 
and other activities which result in a negative cash flow mis-
match.  Cash flow mismatches can occur at the end of a day or 
intraday.
Management principles and control
Liquidity risk at Nordea is managed across three Lines of 
Defence: 
The First Line of Defence comprises Group Treasury & 
Asset Liability Management (TALM) and the Business Areas.  
TALM is responsible for the day to day management of the 
Group’s liquidity positions, liquidity buffers, external and 
internal funding including the mobilisation of cash around the 
Group, and Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP).
The Second Line of Defence, Group Risk and Compliance, 
is responsible for providing independent oversight of and 
challenge to the first line of defence.
The Third Line of Defence includes Group Internal Audit 
(GIA), which is responsible for providing independent over-
sight of the first – and second lines of defence.
The Board of Directors defines the liquidity risk appetite by 
setting limits for applied liquidity risk metrics.  The most cen-
tral metric is the Liquidity Stress Horizon, which defines the 
risk appetite by setting a minimum survival of 90 days under 
institution-specific and market-wide stress scenarios with 
limited mitigation actions.
A framework of limits and monitoring metrics is in place to 
ensure Nordea stays within various risk parameters including 
the risk appetite.
A Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework is in place that 
recognises that liquidity is a scarce and costly resource.  By 
quantifying and allocating the liquidity and funding costs and 
benefits to the respective business areas, behaviours and 
strategic decisions are appropriately incentivised.
Liquidity risk management strategy 
Nordea’s liquidity management strategy is based on 
policy statements resulting in various liquidity risk 
measures, limits and organisational procedures.
Policy statements stipulate that Nordea’s liquidity manage-
ment reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk.  
Nordea strives to diversify its sources of funding and seeks to 
establish and maintain relationships with investors in order to 
ensure market access.  A broad and diversified funding struc-
ture is reflected by the strong presence in the Group’s four 
domestic markets in the form of a strong and stable retail

--- Page 394 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
135
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
customer base and the variety of funding programmes.  The 
funding programmes are both short-term (US – and Europe-
an commercial paper, and Certificates of Deposits) and long-
term (covered bonds, European medium-term notes,  
medium-term notes) and cover a range of currencies.
Trust is fundamental in the funding market; therefore, 
Nordea periodically publishes information on the liquidity sit-
uation of the Group.  Furthermore, Nordea regularly performs 
stress testing of the liquidity risk position, e. g.  Nordea devel-
oped specific COVID-19 liquidity stress scenarios to capture 
relevant risk drivers, and has put in place business contingen-
cy plans for liquidity crisis management.
Liquidity risk measurement
To ensure funding in situations where Nordea is in urgent 
need of cash and the normal funding sources do not suffice, 
Nordea holds a liquidity buffer.  The liquidity buffer consists of 
central bank eligible, high credit quality and liquid securities 
and central bank cash that can be readily sold or used as col-
lateral in funding operations.
Liquidity risk management focuses on both short-term 
liquidity risk and long-term structural liquidity risk.  Liquidity 
risk is limited by the Board of Directors via Liquidity Stress 
Coverage and Liquidity Stress Horizon metrics stipulating 
that the liquidity buffer needs to be sufficient to cover peak 
cumulative stressed outflows experienced over the first 90 
days of a combined stress event, whereby Nordea is subject 
to a market-wide stress similar to what many banks experi-
enced in 2007–08; and an idiosyncratic stress corresponding 
to a three-notch credit rating downgrade.  These metrics form 
the basis for Nordea’s liquidity risk appetite, which is 
reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually.
Furthermore, short-term funding risk is measured via the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and a funding gap risk metric.  
The funding gap risk metric expresses the expected maxi-
mum accumulated need for raising liquidity in the course of 
the next 30 days.  Funding gap risk is measured and limited 
for each currency and as a total figure for all currencies 
combined.  
Structural liquidity risk of Nordea is measured via many 
metrics of which the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and 
the internally defined Net Balance of Stable Funding (NBSF) 
are very important.  Furthermore, the loan to deposit ratio is 
closely monitored together with the wholesale funding refi-
nancing profile and rating agency metrics.  
Liquidity risk analysis
Nordea continues to have a strong and prudent liquidity risk 
profile with a strong funding base.  As of year-end 2020, the 
total volume utilised under CD and CP programmes was EUR 
33. 7bn (EUR 44. 3bn) with an average maturity of 0. 4 (0. 3) 
years.  The total volume under long-term programmes was 
EUR 147.6bn (EUR 159. 3bn) with an average maturity being 
6. 8 (6. 3) years.  Nordea’s funding sources are presented in a 
table below.
The liquidity risk position remained at a low level through-
out 2020.  The Liquidity Stress Horizon was 530 days as of 
year-end 2020 (504 days as of year-end 2019) with a yearly 
average of 671 days (642 days) – the Group limit is not below 
90 days.  
The yearly average of the funding gap risk was EUR 
+35. 8bn (EUR +29. 7bn in 2019) against a limit of EUR –15bn.  
Nordea’s liquidity buffer ranged between EUR 88. 3bn and 
129. 8bn throughout 2020 (EUR 88. 1bn and 108. 2bn) with an 
average liquidity buffer of EUR 103. 7bn (EUR 97.2bn).
The combined LCR according to EBA Delegated Act rules 
for the Nordea Group was at the end of 2020 158% (166%) 
with a yearly average of 166% (188%).  At the end of 2020 the 
LCR in EUR was 278% (236%) and in USD 119% (146%), with 
yearly averages of 209% (201%) and 199% (187%), respec-
tively.  At the end of 2020 Nordea’s NSFR was 110. 3% 
(108. 6%).
Funding sources, 31 December 2020
Liability type
Interest  
rate base
Average 
maturity 
(years)
EURm
Deposits by credit institutions
Shorter than 3 months 
Euribor, etc.
0.1
12,519
Longer than 3 months
Euribor, etc.
1. 8
11,420
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
Deposits on demand
Administrative
0. 0
174,843
Other deposits
Euribor, etc.
0. 4
8,589
Debt securities in issue
Certificates of deposits
Euribor, etc.
0. 4
23,426
Commercial papers
Euribor, etc.
0. 3
10,228
Mortgage covered bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
8. 0
113,032
Other bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2. 7
27,623
Derivatives
47,033
Other non-interest- 
bearing items
64,587
Subordinated debt
Tier 2 subordinated  
bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
4. 5
5,048
Additional Tier 1 subordinated 
bond loans (undated) 
Fixed rate, 
market-based
1,893
Equity
33,740
Total
533,981
Liabilities to policyholders
18,178
Total, including  
life insurance operations
552,159
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), 31 December 2020
EURbn
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Available stable funding
305,8
290,5
Required stable funding
277,2
267,6
Net stable funding
28,6
22,9
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)1
110.3%
108.6%
1)  According to CRR2 regulation.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 395 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
136
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Operating segments 
Measurement of Operating segments’ performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operat-
ing segments follow the information reported to the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as required by IFRS 8.  In 
Nordea the CODM has been defined as the Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO), who is supported by the other members of the 
Group Leadership Team.
The main difference between the segment reporting in 
Note G3 and “Business areas” presented elsewhere in this 
report is that the information in Note G3 follows the reporting 
to the CODM prepared using plan exchange rates, while the 
reporting under “Business areas” is prepared using actual FX 
rates.  The comparatives are annually restated to reflect the 
plan exchange rates for the current period as reflected in the 
internal reporting used by the CODM.  
Basis of segmentation
Nordea's main business areas Personal Banking, Business 
Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth 
Management are identified as operating segments and report-
ed separately as they are operating segments exceeding the 
quantitative thresholds in IFRS 8.  Other operating segments 
below the thresholds are included in Other operating seg-
ments.  Group functions (and eliminations) as well as the result 
that is not fully allocated to any of the operating segments, are 
shown separately as reconciling items.
Changes in basis of segmentation in 2020
Up until 2019 the Group Leadership Team was defined as the 
CODM.  In 2020 the CODM has been changed to the CEO, to 
better reflect the current decision making process in Nordea.  
The CEO is supported by the Group Leadership Team.  
The operating segments, as well as the reportable operating 
segments, have also been changed as from 2020, in order to reflect 
the current reporting to the CODM and the decision making  
process in Nordea.  The change is driven by the level of informa-
tion reviewed by the CODM, which resulted in fewer operating 
segments than in 2019.  The main business areas are, as from 
2020, defined as reportable operating segments and the break-
downs of the different main areas disclosed in previous years 
have consequently been removed.  Group Finance is in addition 
included in Other operating segments as it is below the thresh-
old to be disclosed separately. Comparative figures have been 
restated accordingly, in line with the reporting to the CODM, 
including minor organisational changes, updates to current plan 
exchange rates and updates to current allocation principles.
Reportable Operating segments
Personal Banking serves Nordea’s household customers.   
Personal Banking offers customers a full range of financial  
services that fulfil the customers' day-to-day financial needs.  
Personal Banking serves our customers through the internet 
bank, the mobile bank, over the phone, via online meetings and 
at Nordea's branch offices.  The business area includes advisory 
and service staff, channels and product units under a common 
strategy, operating model and governance across markets.
Business Banking serves, advises and partners with corpo-
rate customers, covering all their business needs through a 
full range of services, including payments, cash management, 
cards, working capital management and finance solution.  
Business Banking also provides services such as payments, 
cards and finance solutions to personal customers.
Large Corporates & Institutions provides financial solutions 
to large Nordic and international corporates and institutional 
customers.  The offering includes a diverse range of financ-
ing, cash management and payment services, investment 
banking, capital markets products and securities services.  
Asset & Wealth Management provides high quality invest-
ment, savings and risk management solutions to high net 
worth individuals and institutional investors and delivers  
savings solutions to all Nordea customer segments.
G3.  Segment reporting
Income statement 2020
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,111
1,434
895
68
118
4,626
–111
4,515
Net fee and commission income
1,137
590
455
812
–6
2,988
–29
2,959
Net result from items at fair value
91
258
467
97
–17
896
4
900
Profit from associated undertakings accounted for 
under the equity method
0
4
0
–5
7
6
–7
–1
Other income
7
24
0
15
12
58
35
93
Total operating income
3,346
2,310
1,817
987
114
8,574
–108
8,466
- of which internal transactions1
–430
–182
–288
–26
926
0
–
–
Staff costs
–579
–408
–325
–420
–162
–1,894
–858
–2,752
Other expenses
–1,184
–656
–507
–74
128
–2,293
1,007
–1,286
Depreciation, amortisation and ­impair­ment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–65
–23
–19
–16
–2
–125
–480
–605
Total operating expenses
–1,828
–1,087
–851
–510
–36
–4,312
–331
–4,643
Profit before loan losses
1,518
1,223
966
477
78
4,262
–439
3,823
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily 
held at fair value
25
12
10
1
0
48
0
48
Net loan losses
–299
–332
–288
–4
–2
–925
17
–908
Operating profit
1,244
903
688
474
76
3,385
–422
2,963
Income tax expense
–298
–217
–165
–114
–18
–812
114
–698
Net profit for the year
946
686
523
360
58
2,573
–308
2,265
Balance sheet 31 Dec 20202, EURbn
Loans to the public
160
90
46
9
1
306
24
330
Deposits and borrowings from the public
81
50
40
10
1
182
1
183
1)  IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments.  Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income and expense related 
to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Finance.  
2)  The CODM reviews “Loans to the public” and “Deposits and borrowings from the public” as measures of reportable segments' total assets and liabilities and these line items are 
­consequently separately reported.

--- Page 396 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
137
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Total ­operating 
income, EURm
Operating  
profit, EURm
Loans to 
 the public, EURbn
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public, EURbn
2020
2019
2020
2019
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Total Operating ­segments
8,574
8,567
3,385
2,398
306
296
182
163
Group functions1
1
2
–290
–217
–
–
–
–
Unallocated items
–23
25
–100
–85
21
24
–1
5
Eliminations
–3
–8
0
0
–
–
–
–
Differences in ­accounting policies2
–83
37
–32
17
3
3
2
1
Total
8,466
8,623
2,963
2,113
330
323
183
169
1)  Consists of Group Business Support, Group Internal Audit, Chief of Staff office, Group People, Group Legal, Group Risk & Compliance and Group Brand, Communication &  
Marketing.		
	
	
	
	
	
	
2)  Impact from using plan exchange rates in the segment reporting.		 	
	
	
	
	
	
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Income statement 20193
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,093
1,355
847
53
–2
4,346
–28
4,318
Net fee and commission income
1,206
591
430
781
–1
3,007
4
3,011
Net result from items at fair value
129
260
298
98
194
979
33
1,012
Profit from associated undertakings accounted for 
under the equity method
0
2
0
33
19
54
–4
50
Other income
2
20
2
13
144
181
51
232
Total operating income
3,430
2,228
1,577
978
354
8,567
56
8,623
- of which internal transactions1
–545
–200
–426
–20
1,191
0
–
–
Staff costs
–620
–401
–344
–409
–315
–2,089
–928
–3,017
Other expenses
–1,299
–690
–571
–138
–28
–2,726
1,087
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and ­impair­ment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–63
–19
–15
–11
–743
–851
–479
–1,330
Total operating expenses
–1,982
–1,110
–930
–558
–1,086
–5,666
–320
–5,986
Profit before loan losses
1,448
1,118
647
420
–732
2,901
–264
2,637
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily 
held at fair value
42
–54
14
10
0
12
0
12
Net loan losses
–129
–141
–246
–1
2
–515
–21
–536
Operating profit
1,361
923
415
429
–730
2,398
–285
2,113
Income tax expense
–327
–221
–100
–103
179
–572
1
–571
Net profit for the year
1,034
702
315
326
–551
1,826
–284
1,542
Balance sheet 31 Dec 20192, EURbn
Loans to the public
153
84
50
8
1
296
27
323
Deposits and borrowings from the public
75
42
35
10
1
163
6
169
1)  IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments.  Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income and expense related 
to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Finance.  
2)  The CODM reviews “Loans to the public” and “Deposits and borrowings from the public” as measures of reportable segments' total assets and liabilities and these line items are 
consequently separately reported.
3)  Comparable figures have been restated following the changes in reportable segments and the use of current year plan exchange rates.

--- Page 397 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
138
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Total operating income split on product groups
EURm
2020
2019
Banking products
5,505
5,630
Capital Markets products
1,041
927
Savings products & Asset management
1,469
1,455
Life & Pensions
407
418
Other
44
193
Total
8,466
8,623
Banking products consists of three different product types.  
Account products includes account based products such as 
lending, deposits, cards and Netbank services.  Transaction 
products consists of cash management as well as trade and 
project finance services.  Financing products includes asset 
based financing through leasing, hire purchase and factoring 
as well as sales to finance partners such as dealers, vendors 
and retailers.  
Capital Markets products contains financial instruments, or 
arrangements for financial instruments, that are available in 
the financial marketplace, including currencies, commodities, 
stocks and bonds.  
Savings products & Asset management includes Invest-
ment funds, Discretionary Management, Portfolio Advice, 
Equity Trading and Pension Accounts.  Investment Funds is a 
bundled product where the fund company invests in stocks, 
bonds, derivatives or other standardised products on behalf 
of the fund's shareholders.  Discretionary Management is a 
service providing the management of an investment portfolio 
on behalf of the customer and Portfolio Advise is a service 
provided to support the customers' investment decisions.  
Life & Pensions includes life insurance and pension prod-
ucts and services.  
Geographical information
Total operating  
income, EURm
Assets, EURbn
2020
2019
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Sweden
2,348
2,232
150
139
Finland 
1,644
1,726
116
127
Norway
1,564
1,684
101
97
Denmark
2,323
2,435
180
177
Other 
587
546
5
15
Total
8,466
8,623
552
555
Nordea's main geographical markets comprise the Nordic 
countries.  Revenues and assets (current and non current 
assets) are distributed to geographical areas based on the 
location of the customers' operations.  Goodwill is allocated to 
different countries based on the location of the business 
activities of the acquired entities.  
G4.  Net interest income
Net interest income
EURm
2020
2019
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method1
5,536
6,399
Other interest income
1,071
1,350
Negative yield on financial assets
–280
–309
Interest expense
–2,013
–3,334
Negative yield on financial liabilities
201
212
Net interest income
4,515
4,318
1)  Of which contingent leasing income amounts to EUR 101m (EUR 78m).  Contingent 
leasing income at Nordea consists of variable interest rates, excluding the fixed mar-
gin.  If the contingent leasing income decreases, there will be an offsetting impact 
from lower funding expenses.  Interest income on the net investment in finance leas-
es amounted to EUR 181m (155m).  
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method
EURm
2020
2019
Loans to credit institutions
359
589
Loans to the public
4,837
5,345
Interest-bearing securities
205
254
Yield fees and interest on hedges of assets
135
211
Interest income calculated using  
the effective interest rate method
5,536
6,399
Other interest income
EURm
2020
2019
Loans at fair value to the public
969
1,177
Interest-bearing securities measured at fair 
value
101
181
Yield fees and other interest income on fair 
value assets
1
–8
Other interest income
1,071
1,350
Interest expense
EURm
2020
2019
Deposits by credit institutions
–153
–328
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–200
–523
Debt securities in issue
–1,842
–2,729
Subordinated liabilities
–336
–417
Other interest expenses1
518
663
Interest expense
–2,013
–3,334
1)  The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value related to 
Nordea's funding.  This can have both a positive and negative impact on other  
interest expenses, for further information see Note G1 “Accounting policies”.	
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.

--- Page 398 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
139
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Net interest income from categories 
of financial instruments
EURm
2020
2019
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
167
214
Financial assets at amortised cost
5,172
5,929
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (related to hedging instruments)
–56
–7
Financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss
1,044
1,304
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–1,824
–3,129
Financial liabilities at fair value through  
profit or loss
12
7
Net Interest Income 
4,515
4,318
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant  
portion of interest income.
G5.  Net fee and commission income
EURm
2020
2019
Asset management commissions
1,469
1,455
- of which income
1,772
1,748
- of which expense
–303
–293
Life and pension commissions
263
251
- of which income
273
259
- of which expense
–10
–8
Deposit products
27
23
- of which income
27
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
204
157
- of which income
375
368
- of which expense
–171
–211
Custody and issuer services
34
41
- of which income
84
74
- of which expense
–50
–33
Payments
280
307
- of which income
393
413
- of which expense
–113
–106
Cards
168
220
EURm
2020
2019
- of which income
279
350
- of which expense
–111
–130
Lending products
424
429
- of which income
449
458
- of which expense
–25
–29
Guarantees
89
111
- of which income
122
131
- of which expense
–33
–20
Other 
1
17
- of which income
82
107
- of which expense
–81
–90
Total
2,959
3,011
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest 
rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss amounts to EUR 412m (EUR 
390m).  
Fee income, not included in determining the effective inter-
est rate, from fiduciary activities that result in the holding or 
investing of assets on behalf of customers amounts to EUR 
2,420m (EUR 2,375m).  The corresponding amounts for fee 
expenses is EUR –10m (EUR –8m).		
The fees on the different lines in Note G5 “Net fee and 
commission income” are accounted for as explained in Note 
G1 “Accounting Policies” section 6.  
For information on contract assets and liabilities see Note 
G1 “Accounting Policies” section 6, item accrued income in 
Note G26 “Prepaid expenses and accrued income” and item 
prepaid income in Note G32 “Accrued expenses and prepaid 
income”.
G4.  Net interest income, cont.
G5.  Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 399 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
140
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Break down by Business Areas
2020, EURm
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
566
95
7
801
0
0
1,469
Life and pension commissions
189
81
4
–11
0
0
263
Deposit products
9
17
1
0
0
0
27
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
21
44
115
39
–2
–13
204
Custody and issuer services
4
4
24
4
–5
3
34
Payments
62
153
67
0
0
–2
280
Cards
141
21
6
0
0
0
168
Lending products
117
136
162
3
6
0
424
Guarantees
8
27
54
0
0
0
89
Other 
16
9
6
–26
–4
0
1
Total
1,133
587
446
810
–5
–12
2,959
2019, EURm
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
553
97
4
801
0
0
1,455
Life and pension commissions
200
78
5
–32
0
0
251
Deposit products
9
13
1
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
23
29
72
33
0
0
157
Custody and issuer services
6
5
34
0
–6
2
41
Payments
83
161
67
1
2
–7
307
Cards
173
28
12
0
0
7
220
Lending products
132
137
154
3
3
0
429
Guarantees
9
35
66
1
0
0
111
Other 
20
11
18
–24
1
–9
17
Total
1,208
594
433
783
0
–7
3,011
G6.  Total net result from items at fair value
EURm
2020
2019
Net result from items at fair value
900
1,012
Net result on loans in hold portfolios 
mandatorily held at fair value
48
12
Total
948
1,024
EURm
2020
2019
Equity-related instruments
177
734
Interest-related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
715
110
Other financial instruments  
(including credit and commodities)
–24
103
Life & Pensions 1,2
80
77
Total
948
1,024
1)	 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note.  The line Life & 
Pensions consequently provides the true impact from the life insurance operations.
2)	Premium income amounts to EUR 227m (EUR 394m).
Breakdown of Life & Pensions
EURm
2020
2019
Equity-related instruments
397
1,571
Interest-related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
271
283
Investment properties
94
123
Change in technical provisions
–792
–1,794
Change in collective bonus potential
60
–139
Insurance risk income
64
66
Insurance risk expense
–14
–33
Total
80
77
 
G5.  Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 400 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
141
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Net result from ­categories of financial instruments 
EURm
2020
2019
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
226
90
Financial assets designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
102
199
Financial liabilities designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
–1,698
–5,167
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily  
at fair value through profit or loss1
2,930
7,651
Financial assets at amortised cost2
456
206
Financial liabilities at amortised cost3
–854
–732
Foreign exchange gains/losses  
excluding currency hedges
302
94
Non-financial assets and liabilities4
–516
–1,317
Total
948
1,024
1)  Of which amortised deferred day one profit amounts to EUR 177m (EUR 41m).	
2)  This row includes gain or loss arising from derecognition of financial assets mea-
sured at amortised cost EUR 11m (EUR 65m) where EUR 11m (EUR 65m) is gains 
and EUR 0m (EUR 0m) is losses.  The reason for derecognition is that the assets have 
been prepaid by the customer or sold.  This row also includes fair value changes of 
hedged amortised cost assets in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk of EUR 343m 
(EUR 26m) and interest from amortised cost items in Life of EUR 103m (EUR 114m).
3)  This row mainly includes fair value changes of hedged amortised cost liabilities in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk of EUR 839m (EUR 708m).		
4)  This row mainly consists changes in technical reserve in Life of EUR 724m (EUR 
1,345m).
G7.  Other operating income
EURm
2020
2019
Divestments of shares1
10
138
Income from real estate
2
3
Sale of tangible and intangible assets
12
9
Other
69
82
Total
93
232
1)  2020: Gain related to sale of Automatia EUR 10m.  2019: Gain related to sale of  
LR Realkredit EUR 138m.  	
	
G8.  Staff costs 
EURm
2020
2019
Salaries and remuneration (specification below)1
–2,148
–2,370
Pension costs (specification below)
–275
–269
Social security ­contributions
–400
–452
Other staff costs2
71
74
Total 
–2,752
–3,017
Salaries and remuneration
To executives3
- Fixed compensation and benefits
–21
–19
- Performance-related compensation
–8
–7
Total
–29
–26
To other employees
–2,119
–2,344
Total
–2,148
–2,370
1)  Of which allocation to profit sharing 2020 EUR 27m (EUR 10m), consisting of a new 
allocation of EUR 37m (EUR 22m) and an adjustment related to prior years of EUR 
10m (EUR 12m).  
2)  Including capitalisation of IT projects with EUR 140m (EUR 166m).
3)  Executives include the Board of Directors (including deputies), CEO, deputy CEO, 
executive vice presidents and Group Leadership Team in the parent company as well 
as the Board of Directors (including deputies), managing directors and executive 
vice presidents in operating group undertakings.  Former board members (including 
deputies), CEOs, deputy CEOs, managing directors and executive vice presidents, in 
the parent company and operating subsidiaries, are also included.  Executives 
amount to 154 (152) individuals.
Pension costs1
EURm
2020
2019
Defined benefits plans (Note G34)2
–51
–37
Defined contribution plans
–224
–232
Total
–275
–269
1)  Pension cost for executives, as defined in footnote 3 above, amounts to EUR 2m 
(EUR 4m) and pension obligations to EUR 11m (EUR 8m).  
2)  Excluding social security contributions.  Including social security contributions EUR 
61m (EUR 46m).  	
	
G6.  Total net result from items 
at fair value, cont. 
Remuneration for the Board of Directors, 
the CEO and Group Leadership Team 
Board remuneration
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2020 decided on annual 
remuneration for the Board of Directors (the Board), for the 
Chair amounting to EUR 300,000, for the Vice-Chair EUR 
145,000 and for other members EUR 95,000.  
In addition, annual remuneration paid for board committee 
work on the Board Operations and Sustainability Committee, 
the Board Audit Committee and the Board Risk Committee 
amounts to EUR 60,000 for the committee chairs and EUR 
30,000 for the other members.  Annual remuneration for 
board committee work on the Board Remuneration Commit-
tee amounts to EUR 42,000 for the committee chair and EUR 
26,000 for the other members.  
Separate remuneration is not paid to members who are 
employees of the Nordea Group.  
Nordea covers or reimburses the members of the Board of 
Directors all costs and expenses related to or arising from the 
Board membership.  This e. g.  includes travel, logistics and 
accommodation, related to board work.  Any benefits are 
included at taxable values.  
There are no commitments for severance pay, pension or 
other remuneration for the members of the Board at 31 
December 2020.
No Board member earns variable remuneration and 
employee representatives are not included in the table below.

--- Page 401 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
142
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Leadership Team (GLT)
Fixed salary
Pension expense 
DBP & DC schemes
Benefits
Total fixed remuneration
EUR
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen
1,252,912
408,314
375,788
122,494
211,989
7,844
1,840,689
538,652
Casper von Koskull
–
958,339
–
74,620
–
50,509
–
1,083,468
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen
462,771
131,729
–
–
23,172
4,414
485,943
136,143
Group Chief Operating Officer and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
–
877,633
–
238,857
–
 43,921
–
1,160,411
Group Leadership Team:
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim 
Deputy Managing Director
6,236,460
5,232,982
1,027,375
905,302
89,443
86,786
7,353,278
6,225,070
Total
7,952,143
7,608,997
1,403,163
1,341,273
324,604
193,474
9,679,910
9,143,744
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull1
1,398,528
417,852
108,646
35,026
29,974
18,649
1,537,148
471,527
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen1
497,697
302,702
182,914
96,893
1,425
833
682,036
400,428
Total
9,848,368
8,329,551
1,694,723
1,473,192
356,003
212,956
11,899,094
10,015,699
1)  The disclosure includes the amounts paid in 2020, but the expense has been covered by provisions recognised in 2019.
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Remuneration to the Board of Directors
EUR
2020
2019
Chairman of the Board:
Torbjörn Magnusson5
345,500
267,000
Björn Wahlroos1
–
80,088 
Vice Chairman of the Board:
Kari Jordan3
171,000
128,250
Lars G Nordström1
–
42,725 
Other Board members:
Pernille Erenbjerg
155,000
146,638
Nigel Hinshelwood
185,000
181,300
Petra von Hoeken3
155,000
116,250
Robin Lawther
125,000
134,750
Torbjörn Magnusson5
–
30,388
John Maltby3
155,000
116,250
Sarah Russell
155,000
151,400
Silvija Seres1
–
30,388
Birger Steen
185,000
173,900
Jonas Synnergren4
116,250
–
Maria Varsellona2
31,250
124,138
Total
1,779,000
1,723,465
1)  Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
2)  Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2020.
3)  New member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
4)  New member of the Board as from the AGM 2020.
5)  Elected as Chairman of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) and Group Leadership Team (GLT)
The Board Remuneration Committee prepares alterations in 
salary levels and outcome of the Executive Incentive Pro-
gramme (EIP) for GLT, grants of conditional shares from 
Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) as well as other changes in 
the remuneration package for the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO), the Interim Deputy Managing Director and the other 
members of Group Leadership Team (GLT), for resolution by 
the Board.
The presentation of remuneration used in the Remunera-
tion Report for Governing Bodies is different from the presen-
tation and accounting policy under IFRS applied in the Annu-
al Report, specially related to LTIP. 
Fixed remuneration 
The fixed salary is paid in local currencies and converted to 
EUR based on the average exchange rate each year.  The fixed 
salary includes holiday pay and car allowance where 
applicable.  
Benefits includes primarily car benefits, tax consultation 
and housing.  Benefits are included at taxable values after sal-
ary deductions (if any).
The pension expense is related to pension premiums paid 
under defined contribution agreements (DC) and pension 
rights earned during the year under defined benefit agree-
ments (DBP)(Current service cost and Past service cost and 
settlements as defined in IAS 19).  
Out of the total pension expense EUR 1,647,421 (EUR 
1,436,414) relates to defined contribution agreements.  Pay-
ments to statutory pension schemes (TyEL in Finland particu-
larly) are reported as social costs and not included in the 
table below.

--- Page 402 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
143
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Variable remuneration
Executive Incentive  
Programme
LTIP 
Conditional grants1
Total variable  
remuneration
Total remuneration 
Fixed and variable
EUR
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen
610,313
158,416
45,882
–
656,195
158,416
2,496,884
 697,068
Casper von Koskull
–
229,145
–
–
–
229,145
–
1,312,613
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen
236,249
59,905
15,294
–
251,543
59,905
737,486
196,048
Group Chief Operating Officer and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
–
214,972
–
–
–
 214,972
–
1,375,383
Group Leadership Team:
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim 
 Deputy Managing Director
2,318,494
1,454,983
137,646
–
2,456,140
1,454,983
9,809,418
7,680,053
Total
3,165,056
2,117,421
198,822
–
3,363,878
2,117,421
13,043,788
11,261,165
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull
–
109,470
–
–
–
109,470
1,537,148
580,997
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
–
–
–
–
–
–
682,036
400,428
Total
3,165,056
2,226,891
198,822
–
3,363,878
2,226,891
15,262,972
12,242,590
1)  Defined as the expense calculated under IFRS 2.
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Variable remuneration
EIP 2020 for GLT is based on specific goals and targets and is 
capped at maximum 75% of fixed base salary.  40% of the EIP 
2020 outcome will be paid out in 2021.  The remaining 60% 
will be paid-out annually pro-rata over 5-years with 12% 
delivered each year.  50% of the EIP 2020 outcome is deliv-
ered in Nordea shares (excluding dividends) at each delivery 
event, which are subject to retention for 12 months when the 
deferral period ends.
The outcome from EIP 2020 has been expensed in full in 
2020.  
In 2020, the Board of Directors decided to launch a Long-
Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) 2020–2022 to Nordea’s Group 
Leadership Team in accordance with the remuneration policy 
for governing bodies adopted by an advisory vote at Nordea’s 
2020 Annual General Meeting.  
The LTIP 2020–2022 has a three-year performance period 
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022 and deferral and 
retention periods.  The first portion of shares of the potential 
award is delivered in 2023, subject to the performance condi-
tions.  The rest of the shares are deferred and delivered annu-
ally in five equal portions during 2024–2028.  Each share 
delivery is subject to a 12-month retention period.
Please refer to section below for further details on the LTIP 
2020–2022.  
The LTIP 2012 programme was fully expensed in May 2015.  
All shares in LTIP 2012 are fully vested and consequently not 
conditional.  There are no outstanding shares for current GLT 
members as of 31 December 2020.
Remuneration of CEO and  
Interim Deputy Managing Director
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Frank Vang-Jensen was appointed CEO on 5 September 2019.  
Remuneration for the CEO in 2020 consisted of the five com-
ponents: Fixed salary, the Executive Incentive Programme 
(EIP), LTIP 2020–2022, pension costs and benefits.  
The annual fixed base salary for the CEO remained at EUR 
1,250,000 as of January 2020.  The fixed salary includes holi-
day allowance.  
The CEO is covered by a defined contribution pension plan.  
The pension contribution was 30% of the fixed base salary.
Benefits included primarily car benefits, housing and secu-
rity and travelling related benefits as well as taxable costs for 
establishment in Finland and tax advice, amounting to EUR 
211,989.
EIP 2020 was based on specific targets and could amount 
to a maximum of 75% of fixed base salary.  For 2020, the out-
come of the EIP amounted to EUR 610,313.
The LTIP 2020–2022 conditional grants for 2020 amounted 
to EUR 45,882.
Total earned remuneration for 2020, based on the five com-
ponents amounted to EUR 2,496,884.
The CEO must hold a significant number of shares granted 
until the total value corresponds to 100% of the CEO’s annual 
gross salary.  Such shares must be held until the CEO steps 
down.
Interim Deputy Managing Director
Jussi Koskinen was appointed Interim Deputy Managing 
Director on 10 September 2019.  
Remuneration for the Interim Deputy Managing Director 
consists of the five components: Fixed salary, the Executive 
Incentive Programme (EIP), LTIP 2020–2022, Finnish statu-
tory pension scheme (reported as social costs) and benefits.
The annual fixed base salary for the Interim Deputy Man-
aging Director remained EUR 450,000 including holiday 
allowance as of 1 January 2020.
The benefits for 2020 amounted to EUR 23,172 and includ-
ed primarily car benefits.  
EIP 2020 for GLT was based on specific targets and could 
amount to a maximum of 75% of fixed base salary.  For 2020 
the outcome of the EIP amounted to EUR 236,249.  
The LTIP 2020–2022 conditional grants for 2020 amounted 
to EUR 15,294.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director is covered by the

--- Page 403 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
144
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Finnish statutory pension scheme.  According to the statutory 
pension rules the part of the EIP 2020 for GLT outcome paid 
or retained in 2021 is included in pensionable income.
The total earned remuneration for 2020, as Interim Deputy 
Managing Director, based on the four components (excluding 
pension) amounted to EUR 737,486.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director must hold a signifi-
cant number of shares granted until the total value corre-
sponds to 100% of the Interim Deputy Managing Director’s 
annual gross salary.  Such shares must be held until the Inter-
im Deputy Managing Director steps down.
Remuneration of Group Leadership Team (GLT)
Remuneration to other GLT members is included for the period 
they have been appointed and eligible for EIP 2020.  One GLT 
member left Nordea on 30 April 2020.  Three new GLT mem-
bers were appointed on 1 August 2020, 15 October 2020 and 
on 1 November 2020.  Guaranteed variable remuneration (sign-
off/buy-out) has been committed, amounting to EUR 
1,500,000.  
Remuneration of GLT members consists of five compo-
nents: Fixed salary, EIP 2020 for GLT, LTIP 2020–2022, pension 
costs and benefits.
EIP 2020 for GLT was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 75% of fixed base salary for GLT 
members offered LTIP 2020–2022 and 100% for others.  For 
2020 the outcome of the EIP amounted to EUR 2,318,494.  
The LTIP 2020–2022 conditional grants for 2020 amounted 
to EUR 137,646.  The Chief Risk Officer is not participating in 
the LTIP programme.
GLT members must hold a significant number of shares 
granted until the total value corresponds to 100% of the GLT 
member’s annual gross salary.  Such shares must be held until 
a GLT member steps down from the GLT position.
The pension agreements for the other nine GLT members 
vary according to local country practices.  Pension agreements 
are defined contribution plans or a combination of defined 
contribution and defined benefit plans.  
As of 31 December 2020, three members had pensions 
schemes in accordance with the Swedish collective agree-
ment, BTP1 (defined contribution plan) and BTP2 (defined 
benefit plan), with complementing defined contribution plans 
on top of the collective agreement.  The pension contribution 
was in total 30% of fixed salary.  
One member had a defined contribution plan in accor-
dance with local practices in Denmark.  The pension contribu-
tion is in total 30% of fixed base salary.  
Three members were covered by the Finnish statutory 
pension scheme (reported as social costs) and in addition had 
a defined contribution plan corresponding to 8,5% of fixed 
base salary.
Two members do not have a pension agreement with 
Nordea.  
Remuneration of former CEO and former Deputy CEO 
Former Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Casper von Koskull was appointed CEO on 1 November 2015 
and stepped down on 5 September 2019.  Remuneration in 
2020 for the former CEO consisted of three components: 
Fixed salary, pension costs and benefits (primarily car ben-
efits, housing and tax advice).  
The former CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pen-
sion scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan 
corresponding to 8. 5% of fixed salary.
The total earned remuneration for 2020, as former CEO, 
based on the three components amounted to EUR 1,537,148 
(covered by 2019 provision).
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO)
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen was appointed Group COO and Dep-
uty CEO on 1 November 2015 and stepped down on 10 Septem-
ber 2019.  Remuneration for the former Group COO and Deputy 
CEO consisted of fixed salary, pension contributions and ben-
efits.  During the notice period the former Group COO and Depu-
ty CEO had a defined contribution pension plan and a car 
allowance.  The total earned remuneration for 2020, as former 
Group COO and Deputy CEO, based on the three components 
amounted to EUR 682,036 (covered by 2019 provision).
Deferred variable remuneration in Nordea Shares
Part of the outcome of EIP 2019 for GLT has been deferred to 
be paid in the future by delivering Nordea Shares.  The num-
ber of granted and deferred shares as of 31 December 2020 
can be found in the below table:
Nordea shares
2020
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen
19,425
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen
11,704
Group Leadership Team:
9 individuals excl.  CEO & Interim Deputy Managing Director:
56,607
Total
87,736
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull
20,483
Former Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen 
12,997
Total 
121,216
Pension obligations
The pension plans are funded, meaning that the pension plan 
obligations are backed with plan assets with fair value gener-
ally on a similar level as the obligations.
The pension obligation (value of defined benefit pension 
plan liabilities) is calculated in accordance with IAS 19.  The 
obligation is dependent on changes in actuarial assumptions 
and inter-annual variations can therefore be significant.  
IAS 19 includes an assumption about future increases in 
salary, so that the pension obligations disclosed are the 
earned pension rights calculated using the expected salary 
levels at retirement.  
The pension obligation is the IAS 19 valuation on  
31 December 2020.
EUR
2020
2019
Group Leadership Team (GLT):
Value of pension liabilities toward three 
Swedish GLT members
1,137,129
1,004,303
Former Chairman of the Board, former CEOs 
and Deputy CEOs:
Vesa Vainio1
4,932,945
5,118,594
Lars G Nordström
311,588
313,010
Casper von Koskull
427,026
399,536
Total
6,808,688
6,835,443
1)  The pension obligation is mainly due to defined benefit pension rights earned at, 
and funded by, banks forming Nordea.  The decrease compared to 2019 is mainly due 
to pay-out during the year.

--- Page 404 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
145
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Notice period and severance pay
In accordance with the employment contract the CEO has a 
notice period of 12 months and Nordea a notice period of 12 
months.  The CEO has severance pay equal to 12 months’ sal-
ary, to be reduced by any salary he receives from other 
employment during these 12 months.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director and nine GLT mem-
bers have a notice period of six months and Nordea a notice 
period of 12 months.  Severance pay of up to 12 months’ salary 
is provided to be reduced by any salary the executive receives 
from other employment during the severance pay period.  
No severance pay commitment has been agreed with 
members of GLT in 2020.  Severance pay commitments to GLT 
members agreed and recognised in 2019 amounted to EUR 
2,427,212.  
Total remuneration paid in 2020 during the notice period 
amounted to EUR 3,599,889, of which EUR 1,537,148 related 
to the former CEO.  The payments during the notice period 
have been included where relevant in the 2020 disclosure, but 
covered by provisions recognised in 2019 and consequently 
not recognised as an expense in 2020.
Indemnification
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken to indemnify the members 
of the GLT against legal expenses incurred in relation to legal 
advice in defending or disputing certain claims or investiga-
tions from third parties, excluding crimes or actions made 
with intent or gross negligence.  For each GLT member, the 
indemnity is capped at an aggregate amount of EUR 37.5m, 
unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise on a case-by-
case basis.  The indemnity is secondary to any other insurance 
coverage.
Loans and deposits to key management personnel
Loans to key management personnel (defined in Note G1 sec-
tion 28) amount to EUR 3m (EUR 2m) and interest income on 
these loans amount to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).  Deposits from key 
management personnel amount to EUR 14m (EUR 18m) and 
interest on these deposit amount to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).   
Loan commitments to key management personnel amount  
to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).
For key management personnel who are employed by 
Nordea the same credit terms apply as for other employees.  
In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to 
Nordea's funding cost with a margin of 30 basis points.  In 
Denmark the employee interest rate for loans is variable and 
was 2. 25 % at 31 December 2020.  In Norway the employee 
interest rate for loans is variable and was 1.15% at 31 Decem-
ber 2020.  In Sweden the employee interest rate on fixed and 
variable interest rate loans is 215 basis points lower than the 
corresponding interest rate for external customers (with a 
lower limit of 50 basis points).  There is currently a cap of 57 
Swedish price base amounts both on fixed and variable inter-
est rate loans.  For interest on loans above the defined caps, 
the same terms apply as for premium customers.  Loans to 
family members of key management personnel are granted 
on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management 
personnel who are not employed by Nordea.
Share-based transactions
Nordea has several variable remuneration programmes for 
selected Nordea employees (participants).  The terms of the 
programmes vary depending on the target group.  Disclosures 
related to the share-based programmes can be found below.  
All remuneration programmes are also described in the sepa-
rate Remuneration section on page 63 in the Board of Direc-
tors report and in more details below.  
In 2020, Nordea introduced a new Long Term Incentive 
Plan (LTIP) for GLT members, which is an equity settled plan.  
For more info on this plan, see “Long Term Incentive Plan 
2020–2022” below.
Up until 2018 Nordea in addition deferred variable pay 
using a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) indexation (excluding 
dividends).  The programme was consequently all settled in 
cash and the portion indexed with Nordea’s TSR was account-
ed for as a cash-settled share-based payment programme.   
As from the 2019 program it was changed so that 50% of the 
program is paid in cash and 50% settled in Nordea shares, 
which makes the portion paid in Nordea shares an equity- 
settled share-based programme.   
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Share-based transactions
Earning year
Equity- 
or cash settled
Delivery period
Expense 2020
Expense 2019
Liability 
 31 Dec 2020
Liability 
 31 Dec 2019
Outstanding 
rights 
2020
- LTIP
Equity-settled
2023–2028
0
–
–
–
Yes1
- EIP
Equity-settled
2021–2026
14
–
–
–
Yes2
- VSP & Bonus
Equity-settled
2021–2026
–
–
–
–
Yes2
- Buy-outs etc.
Equity-settled
2021–2022
–
–
–
–
Yes
2019
- EIP
Equity-settled
2021–2025
–13
20
–
–
Yes
- VSP & Bonus
Equity-settled
2021–2025
5
–
–
–
Yes
- Buy-outs etc.
Equity-settled
2021–2025
0
–
–
–
Yes
Previous years
Cash-settled
2021–2025
–4
–11
32
74
No
Total
2
9
32
74
1)  Rights will be granted following the end of the 3-year performance period (2020–2022) over the delivery period (2023–2028).
2)  Rights will be granted in 2021 based on performance during 2020.

--- Page 405 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
146
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
The 2019 variable remuneration plans were in 2019 
expensed by EUR 20m for compensation to be paid in cash 
and EUR 20m for the share-based programme part.  These 
have during 2020 been adjusted down to EUR 14m for the 
portion paid in cash and EUR 7m for the share-based pro-
gramme part.  In 2020 1,331,083 shares in Nordea were allot-
ted to the participants in these programmes, equalling EUR 
7m based on the share price at the award date.  Another 
1,219,284 shares were granted to the participants but 
deferred.  These deferred shares had a fair value of EUR 6m 
based on the share price at the award date.
The following table covers all programs with share-based 
programme expenses recognised in 2020, or in the compara-
tive figures for 2019.  Figures for 2020 are based on expected 
2020 outcome and all figures are excluding social security 
expenses.  The expense for 2020 is based on an assumption 
on the number of shares that will be granted and deferred  
for delivery in later years.
Long Term Incentive Plan 2020–2022
The Nordea Board decided on 11 June 2020 to issue a new 
LTIP for senior management (GLT).  The plan delivers condi-
tional share awards, i. e.  a promise to deliver shares if certain 
conditions are met.  The plan includes a three year perfor-
mance period, from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.  
The maximum number of shares allocated to the partici-
pants was decided when the program was launched and the 
final number of shares to be awarded to each participant will 
be calculated in Q2 2023 based on the outcome of three per-
formance criteria as per December 31 2022, where each crite-
ria has a weight of 1/3:
•	 Absolute total shareholders return (aTSR), 
•	 Relative total shareholders return (rTSR),
•	 Cumulative earnings per share (EPS).
LTIP 2020–2022
Service condition
Employed within the Nordea Group during  
the 3–8 year vesting period.
Performance 
condition aTSR
Absolute growth in the Nordea share price  
(with dividends reinvested).  
Maximum allotment for aTSR above EUR 12. 00.  
No allotment for aTSR below EUR 6. 85.
Performance 
condition rTSR
Growth in the Nordea share price (with dividends 
reinvested) compared to a group of 9 peers.  
Maximum allotment for rTSR if Nordea is first 
among peers.  No allotment for rTSR if Nordea is 
6th or lower among peers.
Performance 
condition EPS
Total earnings per share for the period 2021–2022.  
Maximum allotment for EPS above EUR 1. 80.  No 
allotment for EPS below EUR 1. 20.
Cap
Total allocation cannot exceed 200%  
of participants salary.
40% of the shares awarded are delivered to the participants 
in Q2 2023.  The remaining 60% will be delivered to the par-
ticipants in equal numbers in the period of Q2 2024 to 
Q2 2028 if the participants are still employed in Nordea.  All 
shares that have been delivered is subject to a 12 month 
retention period, where the participant cannot access or sell 
the shares.  Unvested shares will not be delivered if the 
employment is terminated before the award payment, how-
ever, subject to local regulations and leaver provisions, unless 
the criteria for a “good leaver” is fulfilled.
If the financial circumstances of Nordea deteriorates or if 
the participant breaches internal policies, the awards to be 
given can be reduced or cancelled.  There are also possibilities 
for clawbacks of deferred shares in similar situations.  These 
conditions do not affect the assessment of the grant date 
being 11 June 2020 as the likelihood is low and all partici-
pants are aware of these conditions from the start.  
General conditions 
LTIP 2020–2022
Ordinary share per right
1. 0
Grant date
11 June 2020
Vesting period
3–8 years
Contractual life
8 years
First day of access for the first part
Q2 2024
Fair value at grant date 
Vesting date 
Q2 2023
Q2 2024
Q2 2025
Q2 2026
Q2 2027
Q2 2028
Maximum 
number of 
shares
260,000
78,000
78,000
78,000
78,000
78,000
Award life, 
years
3
4
5
6
7
8
aTSR
1. 40
1. 31
1. 23
1.16
1. 09
1. 02
rTSR
1. 83
1. 71
1. 61
1. 51
1. 41
1. 33
EPS
4. 74
4. 46
4.19
3. 94
3. 70
3. 48
The fair values of the rights are calculated using a Monte 
Carlo simulation (rTSR and aTSR) and Black & Scholes for-
mula (EPS) using the following parameters:
Weighted average share price at grant date, EUR
6. 41
Exercise price, EUR
–
Expected volatility
29.1%
Award life
See above
Expected dividends
6. 2%
Risk-free interest rate
0%
The expected volatility is based on Nordea’s historic daily 
share price volatility over a historical period of 3. 0 years of 
33. 9% and has been adjusted for one-off events (COVID-19) 
which are not expected to be repeated in the future, i. e.  the 
Company’s historical volatility from pre March 2020 is used.  
Taking this into account Nordea has excluded the period of 
highest share price volatility from the calculation of the 
expected volatility at the grant date (being the period from  
9 March 2020 to 25 March 2020).  Removing this period 
results in a historical share price volatility of 29.1%.
 
Conditional rights LTIP 2020–2022
aTSR
rTSR
EPS
Granted
216,667
216,667
216,667
Forfeited
–
–
–
Outstanding at  
the end of the year
216,667
216,667
216,667
Of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 406 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
147
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Expired Long Term Incentive Programmes – 2011/2012
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015.  All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional.  60% 
Share-based variable remuneration programmes 
– Other than LTIP programmes
This section covers the variable share-based programmes 
that were deferred with TSR indexation (cash-settled pro-
gramme up until 2018) and in shares (equity-settled pro-
gramme as from 2019).  The programmes are classified as: The 
Executive Incentive Programme (EIP), Variable Salary Part 
(VSP) and Bonus schemes.  
The programmes are annual plans with a service condition 
for the respective years and are fully expensed in the year 
when they are earned (one-year vesting period).  The individ-
ual allocations are awarded in the beginning of the subse-
quent year.  
In 2020, participation in the EIP programme was offered to 
up to approx.  300 selected people leaders and key employees 
within the Nordea Group, including members of GLT. Nordea 
introduced the EIP in 2013.  The aim of EIP is to strengthen 
Nordea’s capability to recruit, motivate and retain selected 
people leaders and key employees outside of GLT, and aims 
to reward strong performance.  The aim is also to further stim-
ulate these people whose efforts have direct impact on 
Nordea’s result, profitability and long term value growth.  EIP 
2020 rewards performance meeting agreed predetermined 
targets on group, business unit and individual level.  The effect 
on the long term result is to be considered when determining 
the targets.  EIP awards shall not exceed the fixed salary and 
is subject to deferral for all participants, and for Material Risk 
Takers forfeiture clauses and retention apply in line with rel-
evant remuneration regulations.  
In 2020, Variable Salary Part (VSP) was offered to selected 
people leaders and specialists to reward strong performance.  
The assessment of individual performance is based on a pre-
determined set of well-defined financial as well as non-finan-
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015.  
2020 
2019 
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Rights LTIP 2012
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
38,115
114,345
38,115
69,305
207,915
69,305
Granted1
–
–
–
6,925
20,775
6,925
Allotted
–35,742
–107,225
–35,742
–38,115
–114,345
–38,115
Outstanding at end of year2
2,373
7,120
2,373
38,115
114,345
38,115
Rights LTIP 2011
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
–
–
–
40,794
68,160
18,357
Granted1
–
–
–
4,072
6,803
1,832
Allotted
–
–
–
–44,866
–74,963
–20,189
Outstanding at end of year2
–
–
–
–
–
–
1)  Granted rights are compensation for dividend on the underlying Nordea share during the year.
2)  Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention requirements by the Nordic FSAs.  There is no exercise price for the deferred rights.  
cial goals.  In 2020, the VSP maximum outcome should nor-
mally not exceed a maximum outcome of 25% of the annual 
fixed salary, except for a few selected managers and special-
ists within specific areas of Nordea.  Awards from VSP will not 
exceed the annual fixed salary and are paid in cash.  For Mate-
rial Risk Takers, VSP awards are partly delivered in shares 
with subsequent retention.  Parts of the awards for Material 
Risk Takers in VSP are subject to at least a three-year pro-rata 
deferral period with forfeiture conditions applying during the 
deferral period.
In 2020, Bonus schemes were offered only to select groups 
of employees in specific business areas or units as approved 
by the Board of Directors, e. g.  in Large Corporates & Institu-
tions, Nordea Asset Management, in Nordea Funds and with-
in Group Treasury.  The aim is to ensure strong performance 
and maintain cost flexibility for Nordea.  Individual awards are 
determined based on detailed performance assessments cov-
ering a range of financial and non-financial goals.  2020 bonus 
awards from bonus schemes are paid in cash.  For Material 
Risk Takers, awards are partly delivered in shares with subse-
quent retention.  Parts of the awards for Material Risk Takers 
in a bonus scheme are subject to a three-to-five-year pro-rata 
deferral period with forfeiture conditions applying during the 
deferral period.
Deferrals from EIP (including the EIP for GLT), VSP and 
Bonus programmes not yet delivered to the participants as of 
31 December 2020 are summarized in the following tables, 
including deferrals from the LTV programme (offered in 2018 
and 2019) and deferrals stemming from compensation for 
contracts in previous employments (buy-outs).  Such agree-
ments can be offered only in exceptional cases, in the context 
of hiring new staff, limited to the first year of employment.

--- Page 407 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
148
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
The table below shows the remaining liabilities for the cash-
settled share-based programmes used 2014–2018.  
 2014–2018 Share linked deferrals (cash-settled)
EURm
2020
2019
Opening balance
74
89
Deferred/earned during the year
1
40
TSR indexation during the year
–4
–11
Payments during the year
–37
–44
Translation differences
–2
–
Closing balance
32
74
The closing balances are expected to be settled  
the following years:
2020
2019
2020
–
38
2021
17
19
2022
 9
10
2023
3
3
2024
3
3
2025
0
 1
Total
32
74
As from the 2019 programmes the deferrals were changed so 
that 50% of the programs was paid in cash and 50% settled in 
Nordea shares, making them equity-settled share-based pro-
grammes.  The granting of shares in the programmes for 2020 
is decided during spring 2021, and thus not included in the 
below tables, but in full recognised as an expense in the 
income statement in 2020.  A provision of EUR 15m excl.  social 
costs is made in 2020 for the portion to be paid in cash.  EUR 
14m was in addition recognised as an expense for the equity-
settled share-based programme in the income statement and 
as an increase of equity.  
2019 share linked deferrals (equity-settled)
Number of shares
2020 
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
–
Granted1
2,550,367
Forfeited
–
Allotted2
–1,331,083
Outstanding at end of year
1,219,284
- of which currently exercisable
–
1)  Granted rights are the number of shares from 2019 variable remuneration pro-
grammes granted in 2020.  Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention 
requirements by the Nordic FSAs.  There is no exercise price for the deferred rights.
2)  Allotted rights are subject to a one year retention period after allotment to partici-
pants.  Includes shares that have been allotted to participants but withheld to cover 
income taxes or social charges.  
The outstanding rights are expected to be allotted the  
following years:
2020
2021
336,228
2022
330,921
2023
401,399
2024
39,931
2025
110,805
Total
1,219,284
Additional disclosures on remuneration 
The Board of Directors report includes a separate section on 
remuneration, page 63.  Additional aggregated disclosures for 
executives, Material Risk Takers and all Nordea employees 
will be published in a separate report on www. nordea. com no 
later than one week before the Annual General Meeting on 24 
March 2021.
Gender distribution
In the parent company's Board of Directors, of the AGM elect-
ed Board members, 60% (50%) were men and 40% (50%) 
were women.  In the Board of Directors of the Nordea Group 
companies, 68% (68%) were men and 32% (32%) were 
women.  The corresponding numbers for other executives 
were 71% (74%) men and 29% (26%) women.  Internal Boards 
consist mainly of management in Nordea, the employee rep-
resentatives excluded.

--- Page 408 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
149
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G9.  Other expenses
EURm
2020
2019
Information technology 
–490
–530
Marketing and representation
–46
–59
Postage, transportation, telephone  
and office expenses
–57
–66
Rents, premises and real estate
–128
–150
Resolution fee
–202
–211
Other
–363
–623
Total
–1,286
–1,639
Auditors’ fees 
EURm
2020
2019
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditing assignments
–8
–9
Audit-related services1
–1
–1
Other assignments1
–1
–1
Total
–10
–11
1)  Of which Audit-related services EUR 0.1m (EUR 0.1m) and Other assignments EUR 
0. 6m (EUR 0. 4m) to PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.		
G10.  Depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment charges of 
tangible and intangible assets
EURm
2020
2019
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
–255
–275
Intangible assets 
–298
–283
Total
–553
–558
Impairment charges
Properties and equipment
–7
–27
Intangible assets 
–45
–745
Total
–52
–772
Total
–605
–1,330
Average number of employees, full-time equivalents
Total
Men
Women
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Denmark 
7,337
7,904
4,263
4,560
3,074
3,344
Sweden
6,265
6,712
3,060
3,294
3,205
3,418
Finland
5,968
6,368
2,342
2,448
3,626
3,920
Norway
2,830
2,952
1,528
1,599
1,302
1,353
Poland
4,412
4,006
2,495
2,274
1,917
1,732
Russia
228
335
87
123
141
212
Estonia
576
432
195
142
381
290
Luxembourg
191
254
108
141
83
113
United States
114
116
51
56
63
60
Singapore
54
64
22
28
32
36
United Kingdom
48
54
29
31
19
23
Germany
42
45
24
27
18
18
China
28
29
12
12
16
17
Switzerland
4
5
4
4
–
1
Italy
9
10
7
7
2
3
Spain
6
6
3
3
3
3
Brazil
0
0
0
0
–
–
France
3
3
3
3
–
–
Chile
3
3
2
2
1
1
Belgium
2
2
2
2
0
–
Portugal
2
0
1
–
1
–
Austria
1
0
1
–
–
–
Total average 
28,123
29,300
14,239
14,756
13,884
14,544
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period
28,051
29,000
 
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 409 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
150
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G11.  Net loan losses
2020, EURm
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off-balance- 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
1
–119
–2
–35
–155
Net loan losses, stage 2
–1
–136
0
–63
–200
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
0
–255
–2
–98
–355
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
2
–123
–
–6
–127
Realised loan losses
–
–564
–
–9
–573
Decrease in provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
368
–
9
377
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
–
50
–
–
50
New/increase in provisions 
–
–590
–
–11
–601
Reversals of provisions
–
304
–
17
321
Net loan losses, defaulted
2
–555
0
0
–553
Net loan losses
2
–810
–2
–98
–908
2019, EURm
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off-balance- 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
2
–6
1
–15
–18
Net loan losses, stage 2
6
–46
0
–29
–69
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
8
–52
1
–44
–87
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
1
–48
–
–1
–48
Realised loan losses
–
–443
–
–9
–452
Decrease in provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
312
–
9
321
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
1
46
–
–
47
Reimbursement right
–
–
–
3
3
New/increase in provisions 
–
–555
–
–16
–571
Reversals of provisions
–
223
–
28
251
Net loan losses, defaulted
2
–465
0
14
–449
Net loan losses
10
–517
1
–30
–536
1)  Includes individually identified assets for which the provision has been calculated based on statistical models.		
2)  Provisions included in Note G14 “Loans and impairment”.		
3)  Provisions included in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.

--- Page 410 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
151
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G12.  Taxes
Income tax expense
EURm
2020
2019
Current tax
–652
–1,051
Deferred tax
–46
480
Total
–698
–571
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehen-
sive income, see Statement of comprehensive income.
The tax on the Group’s operating profit differs from the 
theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate in  
Finland as follows:
EURm
2020
2019
Profit before tax
2,963
2,113
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20. 0%
–593
–423
Effect of different tax rates in other countries
–73
–61
Income from associated undertakings
–2
–18
Tax-exempt income
38
53
Non-deductible expenses
–37
–70
Adjustments relating to prior years
47
–26
Utilization and origination of unrecognised tax 
assets
–76
–8
Change of tax rate
3
–2
Not creditable foreign taxes
–5
–16
Tax charge
–698
–571
Average effective tax rate
24%
27%
Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities
EURm
1 Jan 2020
Charged to 
income 
statement
Charged to other 
comprehensive 
income
Charged 
directly to 
equity
Acquisitions 
and disposals
 Foreign 
exchange
Other 
changes
31 Dec 2020
Deferred tax assets
Tax losses carry-forward
118
25
–
–
–
0
–20
123
Loans to the public
74
2
–
–
–
0
–
76
Derivatives
126
14
–
–
–
–7
–4
129
Retirement benefits
126
–24
–4
–
–
–1
–3
94
Liabilities/provisions
160
–31
–
22
–
–1
4
154
Foreign tax credits
225
24
–
–
–
0
–
249
Other
11
24
–
–
–
–1
–11
23
Netting between deferred tax assets 
and liabilities
–353
–55
–3
–22
–
1
–10
–442
Total
487
–21
–7
0
–
–9
–44
406

--- Page 411 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
152
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
EURm
1 Jan 2020
Charged to 
income 
statement
Charged to other 
comprehensive 
income
Charged 
directly to 
equity
Acquisitions 
and disposals
 Foreign 
exchange
Other 
changes
31 Dec 2020
Deferred tax liabilities
Loans to the public
387
20
–
–
2
0
–10
399
Shares
–
–10
–
–
–
–
64
54
Derivatives
28
–18
5
–
–
–1
–3
11
Intangible assets
94
9
–
–
3
1
–30
77
Investment properties
4
6
–
–
–
–
1
11
Retirement benefits
46
–5
–
–
–
0
0
41
Liabilities/provisions
56
–1
–
–
–
0
–55
0
Foreign tax credits
193
88
–
–
–
–
–14
267
Other
26
–9
–
–
–
0
1
18
Netting between deferred tax 
assets and liabilities
–353
–55
–3
–22
–
0
–9
–442
Total
481
25
2
–22
5
0
–55
436
EURm
1 Jan 2019
Charged to 
income 
statement
Charged to other 
comprehensive 
income
Charged 
directly to 
equity
Acquisitions 
and disposals
 Foreign 
exchange
Other 
changes
31 Dec 2019
Deferred tax liabilities
Loans to the public
363
18
–
–
6
–3
3
387
Derivatives
355
–305
–
–
–
2
–24
28
Intangible assets
63
32
–
–
–
–1
–
94
Investment properties
34
–
–
–
–
–
–30
4
Retirement benefits
30
16
–
–
–
–
–
46
Liabilities/provisions
32
–3
–
–
–
–2
29
56
Foreign tax credits
0
193
–
–
–
–
–
193
Other
24
1
–
–
–
1
–
26
Netting between deferred tax  
assets and liabilities
–195
–153
–3
–
–
–1
–1
–353
Total
706
–201
–3
–
6
–4
–23
481
EURm
1 Jan 2019
Charged to 
income 
statement
Charged to other 
comprehensive 
income
Charged 
directly to 
equity
Acquisitions 
and disposals
 Foreign 
exchange
Other 
changes
31 Dec 2019
Deferred tax assets
Tax losses carry-forward
105
15
–
–
–
1
–3
118
Loans to the public
36
38
–
–
–
0
–
74
Derivatives
2
119
4
–
–
0
1
126
Retirement benefits
39
50
34
–
–
0
3
126
Liabilities/provisions
66
85
–
–
–
0
9
160
Foreign tax credits
101
124
–
–
–
–
–
225
Other
10
1
–
–
1
1
–2
11
Netting between deferred tax  
assets and liabilities
–195
–153
–3
–
–
–1
–1
–353
Total
164
279
35
–
1
1
7
487
G12.  Taxes, cont.

--- Page 412 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
153
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Unrecognised deferred tax assets 
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Deductible temporary differences
Unused tax losses carry-forward with no 
expiry date
3
54
Unused tax losses carry-forward
3
54
Unused tax credits expiring within 12 
months
6
–
Unused tax credits expiring after 12 months
369
–
Unused tax credits
375
334
Total
378
388
The Nordea Group has EUR 406m (EUR 487m) deferred tax 
assets on the balance sheet at the end of 2020.  The recogni-
tion of deferred tax assets is based on an assessment of the 
probability and amount of future taxable profits and on future 
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, which 
include estimation uncertainty.  The estimation uncertainties 
that are assessed to pose significant risks of resulting in 
material adjustments to the carrying amount of deferred tax 
assets are described below.
The balance includes a gross asset of EUR 104m (EUR 
104m) recognised in relation to Danish tax losses of Nordea 
Bank Abp.  These losses can be carried forward with no expiry.  
Management expects the tax losses to be utilised within the 
next three to four years based on estimated taxable profits 
available under currently applied capitalisation policies for 
tax purposes, and sooner if the company opts out from recog-
nising expenses for tax purposes in excess of expenses under 
accounting rules.  Furthermore, Nordea Bank Abp's head 
office in Finland has recognised a EUR 249m (EUR 225m)
deferred tax asset in relation to unused foreign tax credits 
that management expects to be utilised within the expiry 
period of five years.  This expectation is based on estimated 
future taxable profits from foreign operations, reversal of 
temporary differences and upfront taxation in Finland of cer-
tain types of income compared to relevant branch 
jurisdictions.
Additionally, the Group has unrecognised deferred tax 
assets of EUR 3m (EUR 54m) in relation to tax loss carry for-
wards in various entities as well as EUR 375m (EUR 334m) in 
relation to unused foreign tax credits in Nordea Bank Abp, 
Nordea Investment Management AB and Nordea Funds Ltd.  
Unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to tax losses may 
be recovered in the event of extraordinary taxable income 
arising in the relevant entities.  Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets relating to foreign tax credits may be recovered in the 
event of unexpected timing of taxation or tax base between 
head office and branches.
G12.  Taxes, cont. 
G13.  Earnings per share
2020
2019
Earnings:
Profit attributable to shareholders of  
Nordea Bank Abp, EURm
2,238
1,519
Number of shares (in millions):
Number of shares outstanding at  
beginning of year
4,050
4,050
Average number of own shares
–12
–15
Weighted average number of  
basic shares outstanding
4,038
4,035
Adjustment for diluted weighted average 
number of additional ordinary shares 
outstanding1
1
0
Weighted average number of  
diluted shares outstanding
4,039
4,035
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0. 55
0. 38
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0. 55
0. 38
1)  For 2020 related to Executive Incentive Program (EIP) and for 2019 related to the 
Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP).  For further information on these pro-
gramms, see Note G8 “Staff costs”.

--- Page 413 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
154
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G14.  Loans and impairment
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Loans measured at fair value
74,616
83,674
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stages 1 and 2)
259,864
254,716
Impaired loans (stage 3)
3,979
4,610
- of which servicing
1,788
2,312
- of which non-servicing
2,191
2,298
Loans before allowances
338,459
343,000
- of which central banks and credit institutions
6,250
17,740
Allowances for individually assessed impaired loans (stage 3)
–1,674
–1,686
- of which servicing
–760
–783
- of which non-servicing
–914
–903
Allowances for collectively assessed impaired loans (stages 1 and 2)
–774
–497
Allowances
–2,448
–2,183
- of which central banks and credit institutions 
–4
–14
Loans, carrying amount
336,011
340,817
Nordea has granted EUR 158 bn (EUR 148 bn) in mortgage credits.  No intermediary credits or public sector credits  
has been granted.  
G15.  Interest-bearing securities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
State, municipalities and other public bodies
16,810
15,528
Mortgage institutions
19,108
25,447
Other credit institutions
22,207
13,372
Corporates
2,261
8,282
Other
2,123
2,301
Total
62,509
64,930
Provisions for credit risks amount to EUR 3m (1m).
G16.  Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
In repurchase transactions and in securities lending transac-
tions, non-cash assets are transferred as collateral.  When the 
counterpart receiving the collateral has the right to sell or 
repledge the assets, the assets are reclassified in the balance 
sheet to the item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Interest-bearing securities
3,795
7,151
Total
3,795
7,151
For information on transferred assets and reverse repos, see 
Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
G17.  Shares
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Shares 
2,533
3,285
Fund units, equity related
7,179
7,557
Fund units, interest related
2,937
3,342
Total
12,649
14,184
G18.  Assets and deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Assets
Interest-bearing securities
1,487
1,363
Shares 
34,516
29,049
Properties
361
307
Other assets
120
80
Total
36,484
30,799
Liabilities
Pooled schemes
4,421
4,377
Unit-linked investment contracts
33,113
27,482
Total
37,534
31,859
The Life Group and Nordea Denmark, branch of Nordea Bank 
Abp, have assets and liabilities included on their balance 
sheet for which customers bear the risk.  Since the assets and 
liabilities legally belong to the entities, which also carries risks 
and rewards, these assets and liabilities are included on the 
Group’s balance sheet.

--- Page 414 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
155
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting
Carrying amount
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
21,844
22,450
3,509,766
FRAs
18
26
1,506,776
Futures and forwards
13
16
132,448
Options
6,319
6,624
439,317
Total
28,194
29,116
5,588,307
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
227
201
9,989
Futures and forwards
11
46
1,000
Options
142
519
6,890
Total
380
766
17,879
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
7,275
8,258
366,130
Currency forwards
4,581
5,708
380,818
Options
197
115
16,668
Total
12,053
14,081
763,616
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
693
1,036
153,917
Commodity derivatives
0
0
2,833
Other derivatives
3
13
78
Total
696
1,049
156,828
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
41,323
45,012
6,526,630
Carrying amount
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
20,077
19,354
3,521,834
FRAs
7
28
1,353,157
Futures and forwards
13
13
126,999
Options
5,308
5,984
378,691
Total
25,405
25,379
5,380,681
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
68
93
6,399
Futures and forwards
1
35
1,018
Options
221
459
10,325
Total
290
587
17,742
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,735
7,890
417,689
Currency forwards
4,242
5,290
555,046
Options
96
106
16,938
Total
10,073
13,286
989,673
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
1,011
1,026
140,992
Commodity derivatives
0
0
5,284
Other derivatives
5
20
162
Total
1,016
1,046
146,438
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
G19.  Derivatives and 
hedge accounting
Nordea enters into derivatives for trading and risk manage-
ment purposes.  Nordea may take positions with the expecta-
tion of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates 
or indices.  The trading portfolio is treated as trading risk for 
risk management purposes.  Derivatives held for risk manage-
ment purposes include hedges that either meet the hedge 
accounting requirements or hedges that are economic hedg-
es, but do not meet the hedge accounting requirements.  The 
table below shows the fair values of derivative financial 
instruments together with their notional amounts.  The notion-
al amounts indicate the volume of transactions outstanding 
at the year end and are not indicative of either the market or 
credit risk.  	
	
	.
Carrying amount
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
41,323
45,012
6,526,630
Fair value hedges1
2,416
667
188,799
Cash flow hedges1
903
1,005
25,591
Net investment hedges
128
349
6,463
Total derivatives
44,770
47,033
6,747,483
Carrying amount
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value hedges1
1,269
1,422
180,547
Cash flow hedges1
1,019
120
22,253
Net investment hedges
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives
39,111
42,047
6,744,692
1)  Some cross currency interest rate swaps are used both as fair value hedges and cash 
flow hedges.  The nominal amount of these instruments have been split on the rows 
fair value hedges and cash flow hedges in the table above based on the relative fair 
value of these hedging instruments.  The total nominal amount of cross currency 
interest rate swaps amounts per 31 December 2020 to EUR 29,057m (EUR 24,296m).

--- Page 415 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
156
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Risk management
Nordea manages its identified market risks according to the 
risk management framework and strategy described in the 
Market risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity manage-
ment”.		
	
	
Nordea classifies its exposures to market risk into either 
trading (the Trading Book) or non-trading (the Banking Book) 
portfolios that are managed separately.  	
	
The Trading Book consists of all positions in financial 
instruments held by Nordea either with trading intent, or in 
order to hedge positions held with trading intent.  Positions 
held with trading intent are those held intentionally for short-
term resale or with the intention of benefiting from actual or 
expected short-term price differences between buying and 
selling prices, or from other price or interest rate variations.  
The Banking Book comprises all positions not held in the 
Trading Book.  All hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are 
performed in the Banking Book.  The hedging instruments and 
risks hedged are further described below per risk and hedge 
accounting type.		
	
Interest rate risk
Nordea’s primary business model is to collect deposits and 
use these funds to provide loans and other funding products 
and debt instruments to its customers.  Interest rate risk is the 
impact that changes in interest rates could have on Nordea’s 
margins, profit or loss and equity.  Interest risk arises from 
mismatch of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and 
assets such as deposits, issued debt securities and loan port-
folio.  	
	
	
As part of Nordea’s risk management strategy, the Board 
has established limits on the non-trading interest rate gaps 
for the interest rate sensitivities.  These limits are consistent 
with Nordea’s risk appetite and Nordea aligns its hedge 
accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits.  
Nordea’s policy is to monitor positions on a daily basis.  For 
further information on measurement of risks, see the Market 
risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.
For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate 
risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate.  The hedging 
ratio is established by matching the notional of the deriva-
tives against the principal of the hedged item.
Interest risk arises from mismatch of interest from interest-
bearing liabilities and assets such as deposits, issued debt 
securities, interest-bearing securities and loan portfolio.  In 
order to hedge the risk, the Group uses the hedging instru-
ments, which are interest rate derivatives to swap interest 
rate exposures into either fixed or variable rates, in order to 
manage the risk, and limit the impact on Nordea's margins, 
profit or loss, and equity.
 The Group designates risk component of hedged items as 
follows:
•	 benchmark interest rate risk as a component of interest 
rate risk, such as the LIBOR and STIBOR.  Using the bench-
mark interest rate risk can result in other risks, such as 
credit risk and liquidity risk, being excluded from the hedge 
accounting relationship; and 
•	 components of cashflows of hedged items.
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present 
value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount 
curves.  The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reli-
ably measurable and is typically the most significant compo-
nent of the overall change in fair value or cash flows.		
	
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or eliminate changes in the fair value of 
financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, Nordea enters into fair value hedge relation-
ships by transforming the fixed interest rate risk in recognised 
financial assets and financial liabilities to floating with inter-
est rate swaps.  	
	
	
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate assets or liabili-
ties (i. e.  notional amount, maturity, payment and reset dates).  
The hedged item notional amount is the core stable volume 
and its maturity is based on expected repricing dates, rather 
than contractual terms.		
	
The below table presents the accumulated fair value 
adjustments arising from continuing hedge relationships, irre-
spective of whether or not there has been a change in hedge 
designation during the year.  	
	
	
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk
EURm
2020
2019
Fair value hedges
Carrying amount of hedged assets1
74,364
63,864
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
359
217
Carrying amount of hedged liabilities2
90,055
107,001
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
2,608
2,018
1)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Loans to central banks, Loan to credit institu-
tions, Loans to the public, Interest-bearing securities and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
2)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Deposit by credit institution, Deposit and bor-
rowing from the public, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
3)  Of which all relate to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk.
The following table provides information about the hedging 
instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the bal-
ance sheet: 
Hedging instruments
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
2,416
667
188,799
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,269
1,422
180,547
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.

--- Page 416 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
157
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The below table presents the changes in the fair value of the 
hedged items and the changes in the fair value of the hedg-
ing instruments used as the basis for recognising ineffective-
ness.  These changes are recognised on the row “Net result 
from items at fair value” in the income statement.  
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2020
2019
Fair value hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
296
707
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–323
–688
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
–27
19
1)  Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments  
(CVA, DVA, FFVA) has not been considered.
Source of ineffectiveness include the following:
i) Mismatch between the reset frequency of the swap and the 
benchmark frequency
ii) The fair value of the floating leg of the swap on a date 
other than the reset date
Cash flow hedges
For Nordea’s cash flow hedge of interest rate risk relate to 
exposures to the variability in future interest payments and 
receipts due to the movement of benchmark interest rates on 
forecast transactions and on recognised financial assets and 
financial liabilities.  This variability in cash flows is hedged by 
interest rate swaps, fixing the hedged cashflows according to 
Nordea’s policies and risk management strategy described in 
Note G1, section 10, and in the Market risk section in Note G2 
“Risk and Liquidity management”. 	
	
	
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the inter-
est rate swaps match the terms of the future interest cash 
flows (i. e.  notional amount and expected payment date).  
Changes in the valuation of swaps that are part of effective 
cash flow hedge relationships are recognised in cash flow 
hedge reserves.
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges 
addressing interest rate risk including the notional and the 
carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the chang-
es in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions.
Hedging instruments
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
38
14
2,134
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
304
0
10,767
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of wheth-
er there has been a change in hedge designation during the 
year.
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2020
2019
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
8
14
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–8
–14
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2 
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
8
14
1)  Recognised on the row “Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments 
(CVA, DVA, FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Interest rate risk
EURm
2020
2019
Balance at 1 Jan
11
5
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses
8
14
Tax on valuation gains/losses
–2
–3
Transferred to the income statement 
–6
–6
Tax on transfers to the income statement 
1
1
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
1
6
Total comprehensive income 
1
6
Balance at 31 Dec
12
11
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
12
11
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 417 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
158
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The maturity profile of Nordea’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk  
(both fair value and cash flow hedge accounting) follows below:	 	
	
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
 3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
10,698
19,668
113,978
46,589
190,933
Total
–
10,698
19,668
113,978
46,589
190,933
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
 3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
Total
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
Average rate of instruments hedging interest rate risk 
The average interest rate on the fixed leg of instruments  
hedging interest rate risk per 31 December 2020 is 0. 84%  
(0. 78%).
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instru-
ment will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.  
Foreign exchange risk (FX risk) from trading activities is lim-
ited through a VaR limit while FX risk from structural expo-
sures as described below is limited through a stress loss limit 
for the CET1-ratio impact from FX fluctuations in a severed 
but plausible stress scenario (see the Market risk section in 
Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”).  
Nordea’s issuance of credits and borrowing can be denom-
inated in the currency of the borrower or investor.  Borrowing, 
investing and lending are not always executed in the same 
currency, thus exposing Nordea to a foreign exchange risk.  
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist 
between different transactions are predominantly matched 
by entering into cross currency interest rate swaps.  The cur-
rency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of cur-
rency risk and the interest component as a fair value hedge of 
interest rate risk.  	  	
In addition to the above, Nordea also has exposure to 
structural foreign currency risk through its foreign operations 
that have a functional currency other than Nordea’s presenta-
tion currency, EUR (i. e.  a translation risk).  Fluctuation of the 
spot exchange rates will cause Nordea’s reported net invest-
ment in foreign operations to vary and the CET1-ratio to fluc-
tuate from the currency mismatch between equity and Risk 
Exposure Amounts (REA).  Nordea applies hedge accounting 
when it hedges its investments in fully consolidated foreign 
operations whose functional currency is not EUR.  	
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, 
the hedged item is a foreign currency component.  The hedg-
ing ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the 
notional of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged 
item.
The currency component is determined as the change in 
present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange 
curves.  The foreign currency component is separately identifi-
able and reliably measurable and is typically the most signifi-
cant component of the overall change in fair value or cash 
flows.
Cash flow and net investment hedges 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow and net 
investment hedges addressing currency risks including the 
notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instru-
ments and the changes in fair values used for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and 
ineffective portions.
Hedging instruments
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
865
991
23,457
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
128
349
6,463
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
993
1,340
29,920
Carrying amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
715
120
11,486
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
754
327
18,844

--- Page 418 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
159
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
4,138
14,182
8,690
2,910
29,920
Total
–
4,138
14,182
8,690
2,910
29,920
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
Total
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedge relationships, irrespective of whether 
there has been a change in hedge designation during the 
year.
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2020
2019
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
–720
138
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
720
–138
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised  
in the income statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
–720
138
Net investment hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
117
–62
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–117
62
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
117
–62
1)  Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2020
2019
Balance at 1 Jan 
–37
–17
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses
–720
138
Tax on valuation gains/losses
137
–28
Transferred to the income statement
739
–164
Tax on transfers to the income statement 
–141
34
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
15
–20
Total comprehensive income 
15
–20
Balance at 31 Dec 
–22
–37
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
–22
–37
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 419 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
160
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Acquisition value at beginning of year
593
1,603
Acquisitions
8
362
Sales 
–8
–1,414
Share in earnings
–1
69
Share of other comprehensive income
–1
0
Dividend received
–7
–19
Translation differences
–8
–8
Acquisition value at end of year
576
593
Accumulated impairment charges 
at beginning of year
–21
–2
Impairment charges
–
–19
Accumulated impairment charges  
at end of year
–21
–21
Total
555
572
Nordea's share of the associated undertakings' aggregated 
balance sheets and income statements can be summarised as 
follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Total assets
3,379
4,259
Net profit for the year
12
45
Other comprehensive income
–1
1
Total comprehensive income
11
46
Nordea has one material associate, Luminor Holding AS.  The 
company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and DnB's 
operations in the Baltics.  In 2018 the investment was classi-
fied as a joint venture as Nordea held 50. 0% of the voting 
rights.  In 2019 Nordea sold shares in Luminor and the current 
ownership is 19. 9% of the shares in Luminor.  
As communicated in connection with the announcement of 
the deal on 13 September 2018, Nordea and Blackstone have 
additionally entered into a forward sale agreement for the 
sale of Nordea's remaining 20 per cent stake.  The forward 
sale is subject to certain conditions but is expected to com-
plete over the next two financial years.
Luminor is included in the consolidated accounts of Nordea 
via the equity method.  Luminor applies IFRS in its consolidated 
accounts and the balance sheet and income statements below 
are based on IFRS.  The disclosed figures show the entire Lumi-
nor Group, not just Nordea's share.  The full-year figures for 
2020 were not available when this report was published.
Average rates of instruments hedging foreign  
exchange risk
The average forward exchange rates of instruments hedging 
foreign exchange risk per 31 December are presented in the 
table below.
31 Dec 2020
NOK
SEK
USD
RUB
EUR
10,57
10,30
1,14
90,11
31 Dec 2019
NOK
SEK
USD
RUB
EUR
10,08
10,68
1,10
71,53
The IBOR reform 
The IBOR transition is a global reform with significant 
impact on the financial industry.  It will affect a large 
variety of financial services and thus individuals, 
companies and institutions.  The transition will influence 
products, market liquidity, risk management, data and 
technology infrastructure as well as financials and the 
balance sheet.  IBORs are embedded in a vast range 
of financial instruments including loans, mortgages, 
bonds, trading product and derivative contracts.
Current expectations are that some IBORs will be replaced, 
while others may continue to exist but with a reformed meth-
odology.  There is currently uncertainty as to the timing and 
the methods of transition for the different IBORs and whether 
some existing benchmarks will continue to be supported.  
EONIA (for EUR) as well as GBP, JPY, CHF and EUR LIBOR 
will likely cease to exist after 2021, USD LIBOR will likely 
cease to exist mid 2023, while EURIBOR and the Nordic 
IBORs are expected to be available beyond 2021 in reformed 
formats.
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Nordea has established an IBOR Transition Programme 
sponsored by the CFO and Group Treasurer to prepare and 
coordinate Group-wide efforts to manage the operational 
impacts and financial risks caused by the transition from 
existing IBOR rates to alternative near risk-free rates.  An IBOR 
Transition Office is responsible for the Group-wide coordina-
tion of transition activities and reports to a Steering Commit-
tee with participation from senior management in Business 
Areas and Group Functions to ensure a centralised Nordea 
strategy and senior management steering and oversight.  
Business Areas and Group Functions are responsible for, and 
drive, the execution of changes required for a successful tran-
sition to alternative near risk-free rates.
Nordea has adopted the amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 
in Phase I and in the table below, nominal amounts of the 
hedging derivatives in scope for the relief are disclosed.  
Nordea has not yet adopted the amendments in Phase II.
Hedging derivatives with floating leg
Total nominal amount, EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
CIBOR
13,808
9,122
STIBOR
67,020
17,810
NIBOR
20,702
12,767
EURIBOR
85,049
56,964
LIBOR
24,555
24,694
Other
–
22
Total
211,134
121,379

--- Page 420 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
161
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Associated undertakings
31 Dec 2020
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 2020, 
EURm
Carrying 
amount 2019, 
EURm
Voting power 
of holding %
Ownership %
Eksportfinans ASA
816521432
Oslo
142
153
23
23
Eiendomsverdi AS
881971682
Oslo
15
15
25
25
Suomen Luotto-osuuskunta
0201646-0
Helsinki
2
2
27
27
E-nettet Holding A/S
28308019
Copenhagen
3
3
18
18
Mandrague Capital Partners AB
556854-2780
Stockholm
0
14
–
40
Trill Impact AB
559196-0827
Stockholm
9
–
6
40
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy
0974651-1
Helsinki
–
8
–
–
NF Fleet Oy
2006935-5
Espoo
9
9
20
20
NF Fleet AB
556692-3271
Stockholm
6
6
20
20
NF Fleet A/S
29185263
Copenhagen
6
4
20
20
NF Fleet AS
988906808
Oslo
3
3
20
20
Bankomat AB
556817-9716
Stockholm 
8
8
20
20
Luminor Holding AS
14723133
Estonia
333
327
20
20
P27Nordic Payments Platform AB1
559198-9610
Stockholm 
–
11
–
–
Mondido Payments AB
556960-7129
Stockholm 
4
4
14
14
Financial Transaction Service B.V. 
68914016
Amsterdam
5
–
19
15
Invidem AB (former Nordic KYC Utility AB)1
559210-0779
Stockholm 
–
2
–
–
Subaio ApS
37766585
Aalborg
1
1
25
25
Other
2
2
Total
548
572
Nordea's share of the joint ventures’ aggregated balance  
sheets and income statements can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Total assets
12
–
Net profit for the year
1
–
Total comprehensive income
1
–
Balance sheet Luminor Group 
EURm
30 Sep 2020 30 Sep 2019
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks
3,989
2,400
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
98
175
Loans to the public
9,627
10,760
Interest-bearing securities
292
222
Derivatives
50
74
Other assets
139
160
Total assets
14,195
13,791
Liabilities and equity
Deposits by credit institutions
120
1,331
Deposits and borrowings from the public
11,070
9,923
Debt securities in issue
1,163
658
Derivatives
49
58
Other liabilities
146
186
Equity
1,647
1,635
Total liabilities and equity
14,195
13,791
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Income statement Luminor Group 
9 months
9 months
EURm
2020
2019
Interest income
206
228
Interest expense
–36
–31
Net commission income
53
59
Net result from items at fair value
21
19
Other income
7
12
Total operating income
251
287
Staff costs
–72
–87
Other administrative expenses
–123
–123
Depreciation and amortisation
–9
–10
Net loan losses
–32
–12
Operating profit
15
55
Income tax expense
0
–5
Net profit for the year
15
50
Other comprehensive income
0
2
Total comprehensive income
15
52

--- Page 421 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
162
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Movements in computer software, EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,782
2,788
Acquisitions
351
437
Sales/disposals
–574
–441
Transfers/reclassifications 
–
14
Translation differences
21
–16
Acquisition value at end of year
2,580
2,782
Accumulated amortisation at beginning of 
year
–606
–548
Amortisation according to plan
–246
–246
Accumulated amortisation on  
sales/disposals
160
197
Transfers/reclassifications
–
–10
Translation differences
–6
1
Accumulated amortisation at end of year
–698
–606
Accumulated impairment charges  
at beginning of year
–585
–73
Accumulated impairment charges  
on sales/disposals
414
244
Impairment charges 
–45
–742
Translation differences
2
–14
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–214
–585
Total
1,668
1,591
G21.  Intangible assets
Cash-generating units, EURm
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2020
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2020
Total 
31 Dec 2020
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2019
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2019
Total 
31 Dec 2019
Personal Banking
1,040
588
1,628
1,055
780
1,835
Business Banking
732
536
1,268
741
440
1,181
Large Corporates & Institutions
166
352
518
173
247
420
Asset & Wealth Management
–
192
192
–
124
124
Total
1,938
1,668
3,606
1,969
1,591
3,560
Other intangible assets 
–
–
165
–
–
135
Total intangible assets
1,938
1,668
3,771
1,969
1,591
3,695
1)  Excluding goodwill in associated undertakings.
Movements in goodwill, EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,110
1,958
Acquisitions 
15
150
Translation differences
–46
2
Acquisition value at end of year
2,079
2,110
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–141
–142
Translation differences
0
1
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–141
–141
Total 
1,938
1,969
Joint ventures
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 
2020, EURm
Carrying 
amount 
2019, EURm
Voting 
power of 
holding %
Ownership %
Average 
number of 
FTE
Siirto Brand Oy
3102648-1
Helsinki
1
–
50
50
–
Invidem AB (former Nordic KYC Utility AB)1
559210-0779
Stockholm 
2
–
17
17
18
P27Nordic Payments Platform AB1
559198-9610
Stockholm 
7
–
17
17
28
Total
7
– 
Total associated undertakings and joint ventures
555
572
1)  Reclassified to Joint ventures during the year.
For information about investments in group undertakings and companies in which Nordea has unlimited responsibility, see 
Note P20 “Investments in group undertakings”.			
	
	
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.

--- Page 422 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
163
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G21 .  Intangible assets, cont.
Impairment testing of goodwill and computer software
A cash-generating unit, defined as the operating segment, is 
the basis for the impairment test.
The impairment test is performed for each cash generating 
unit by comparing the carrying amount of the net assets, 
including goodwill, with the recoverable amount.  The recov-
erable amount is the value in use and is estimated based on 
discounted cash flows.  Due to the long-term nature of the 
investments, cash flows are expected to continue indefinitely.  
Cash flows for the coming three years are based on finan-
cial forecasts.  The forecasts are based on Nordea's macro-
economic outlook, including information on GDP growth, 
inflation and benchmark rates for relevant countries.  Based 
on these macro forecasts, business areas project how mar-
gins, volumes, sales and costs will develop over the coming 
years.  Credit losses are estimated using the long term aver-
age for the different business areas.  This results in an income 
statement for each year.  The projected cash flow for each 
year is the forecasted net result in these income statements, 
reduced by the capital needed to grow the business in accor-
dance with the long term growth assumptions.  The projec-
tions take into consideration the major projects initiated in 
Nordea, e. g.  the transformation programme.  There is also an 
allocation of central costs to business areas to make sure the 
cash flows for the CGUs include all indirect costs.  Tax costs 
are estimated based on the standard tax rate.  Cash flows for 
the period beyond the forecasting period are based on esti-
mated sector growth rates.  Growth rates are based on histori-
cal data, updated to reflect the current situation.  
The derived cash flows are discounted at a rate based on 
the market’s long-term risk-free rate of interest and yield 
requirements.  The following growth rates and discount rates 
have been used:	
	
	
	
	
Discount rate1
Growth rate
%
2020
2019
2020
2019
Sweden
5. 6
6. 4
1. 5
1. 8
Denmark
5. 2
6. 2
1. 3
1. 3
Finland
5. 9
6. 9
1. 3
1. 3
Norway
6. 5
7.9
1. 5
1. 8
1)  Post-tax.
The impairment tests conducted in 2020 did not indicate any 
need for goodwill impairment.  See also Note G1 “Accounting 
policies” section 4 for more information.  
Both an increase in the discount rate of 1 percentage point 
and a reduction in the future growth rate of 1 percentage 
point are considered to be reasonably possible changes in key 
assumptions.  Such a change would not result in any 
impairment.  
During the year Nordea recognised an impairment of non-
core IT-systems following a decision to decommission or 
replace the functionality.  The impairment amounted to EUR 
45m and was recognised in Group Business Support, which is 
included in Group Functions in the reconciliation between 
total operating segments and financial statements in the seg-
ment reporting in Note G3.  The carrying amounts after 
impairment for the IT assets are disclosed per CGU in the 
table above, based on the receiving unit.

--- Page 423 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
164
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Owned
Right of use 
assets
Total
Owned
Right of use 
assets
Total
Equipment
424
15
439
447
19
466
Land and buildings
48
1,444
1,492
49
1,487
1,536
Total
472
1,459
1,931
496
1,506
2,002
Equipment
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
1,358
26
1,384
1,340
–
1,340
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–
–
2
8
10
Acquisitions
69
9
78
67
19
86
Sales/disposals
–60
–2
–62
–32
–1
–33
Transfers/reclassifications
–
–
–
–19
–
–19
Translation differences
–6
0
–6
0
0
0
Acquisition value at end of year
1,361
33
1,394
1,358
26
1,384
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–895
–7
–902
–829
–
–829
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–
–
–2
–
–2
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals 
44
2
46
18
0
18
Transfers/reclassifications
–
–
–
18
–
18
Depreciation according to plan
–84
–11
–95
–99
–7
–106
Translation differences
5
–2
3
–1
0
–1
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–930
–18
–948
–895
–7
–902
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning  
of year
–16
–
–16
–5
–
–5
Accumulated impairment charges on  
sales/disposals 
8
–
8
–
–
–
Impairment charges
0
–
0
–11
–
–11
Translation differences
1
–
1
0
–
0
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–7
–
–7
–16
–
–16
Total
424
15
439
447
19
466
Land and buildings
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
55
1,667
1,722
44
–
44
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–
–
–
1,515
1,515
Acquisitions
–
165
165
3
167
170
Sales/disposals 
–3
–59
–62
0
–16
–16
Reclassifications
–
–
–
8
–
8
Translation differences
–1
1
0
0
1
1
Acquisition value at end of year
51
1,774
1,825
55
1,667
1,722
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–5
–164
–169
–3
–
–3
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–
–
–
–2
–2
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals
2
18
20
0
6
6
Depreciation according to plan
0
–160
–160
–2
–167
–169
Translation differences
0
–1
–1
0
–1
–1
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–3
–307
–310
–5
–164
–169
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of 
year
–1
–16
–17
–1
–
–1
Impairment charges
–
–7
–7
–
–16
–16
Translation differences
1
0
1
0
0
0
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
0
–23
–23
–1
–16
–17
Total
48
1,444
1,492
49
1,487
1,536
G22.  Properties and equipment

--- Page 424 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
165
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G23.  Leasing
Nordea as a lessor
Finance leases
Nordea owns assets leased to customers under finance lease 
agreements.  Finance lease agreements are reported as 
receivables from the lessee included in “Loans to the public” 
(see Note G14) in an amount equal to the net investment in 
the lease.  The leased assets mainly comprise vehicles, 
machinery and other equipment.
Reconciliation of gross investments and present value of 
future minimum lease payments:
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Gross investments 
10,155
6,803
Less unearned finance income
–982
–797
Net investments in finance leases
9,173
6,006
Less unguaranteed residual values accruing to 
the benefit of the lessor
–6
–3
Present value of future minimum lease 
­payments receivable1
9,167
6,003
Accumulated allowance for uncollectible 
­minimum lease payments receivable
–23
–11
1)  Of which EUR 3,197m is related to the acquisition of Nordea Finance Equipment AS.
In Finance lease contracts the residual value risk is carried by 
the vendor or by the lessee according to the terms of the con-
tract.		
As of 31 December 2020 the gross investment and the net 
investment by remaining maturity was distributed as follows:
31 Dec 2020
EURm
Gross 
investment
Net 
­investment
2021
2,848
2,559
2022
2,506
2,237
2023
2,245
2,025
2024
1,469
1,342
2025
565
524
Later years
522
486
Total
10,155
9,173
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases mainly comprise machinery 
and equipment.  On the balance sheet they are reported as 
“Properties and equipment”.	
Under non-cancellable operating leases, the future mini-
mum lease payments receivable are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
2020
–
1
2021
1
0
2022
0
0
2023
–
–
2024
–
–
2025
–
–
Later years
–
–
Total
1
1
Nordea as a lessee
EURm
2020
2019
Expense related to short-term leases
–12
–12
Expense related to low-value leases
0
–1
Expense related to variable payments
–32
–31
Interest expense
–11
–12
Sublease income
2
3
Total cash outflow on leases
–199
–196
Contractual maturity of undiscounted cash flows,  
lease liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Less than one year
150
145
1–2 years
132
128
2–5 years
253
271
5–10 years
282
258
10–15 years
263
270
15–20 years
208
229
20–25 years
40
27
More than 25 years
–
–
Total
1,328
1,328
Other lease disclosures
See Note G22 “Properties and equipment” for further infor-
mation related to Right of use assets.
See Note G44 “Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities” 
for further infromation on the maturity profile.
The lease liability does not include the future estimated 
cash flows for significant committed leases that have not yet 
commenced amounting to approximately EUR 100m.	
Nordea operates in leased premises.  The premises are 
mainly divided into head-office contracts, banking branches 
and other contracts.  
The head office contracts in the different Nordic countries 
generally have fixed lease terms of 10–25 years.  Usually these 
contracts have either continuation options or they are auto-
matically continued unless separately terminated at the end 
of the lease term.  	 	
Banking branch contracts generally either have fixed lease 
terms of 1–10 years or are without an end date with the right 
to terminate.  The termination clauses are generally 6–24 
months.  The main principle is that the premises contracts do 
not contain purchase options.  The company car contracts 
generally have a fixed lease term of less than 5 years.

--- Page 425 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
166
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G24.  Investment properties
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Carrying amount at beginning of year
1,585
1,607
Acquisitions
129
102
Sales/disposals 
–188
–157
Fair value adjustments
42
42
Transfers/reclassifications 
–
–10
Translation differences
–33
1
Carrying amount at end of year
1,535
1,585
Amounts recognised in the income statement1
EURm
2020
2019
Fair value ­adjustments2
55
74
Rental income
58
69
Direct operating expenses that generate rental 
income
–17
–18
Direct operating expenses that did not  
generate rental income
–1
–1
Total
95
124
1)  Included in Net result from items at fair value.		
2)  Including also fair value adjustments on investment properties presented as “Assets in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investments contracts” on the balance sheet.  	
The method applied when calculating fair value is a rate of 
return calculation, based on internal models.  As a supplement 
to these values, appraisals were obtained from independent 
external valuers for parts of the investment properties.	
Approximately 75% of the investment properties are val-
ued using internal models based on a rate of return calcula-
tion.  For the remaining 25% of the investment properties, 
appraisals were obtained from independent external valuers.
For further information regarding investment properties, 
see Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
G25.  Other assets
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Claims on securities settlement proceeds 
948
1,366
Cash/margin receivables
10,591
9,978
Other 
1,810
1,199
Total
13,349
12,543
G26.  Prepaid expenses and  
accrued income
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Accrued income
345
372
Prepaid expenses
292
339
Total
637
711
G27.  Deposits by credit institutions
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Central banks
15,657
11,409
Banks
7,103
17,570
Other credit institutions
1,179
3,325
Total
23,939
32,304
G28.  Deposits and borrowings 
from the public
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Deposits1
182,064
166,426
Repurchase agreements
1,367
2,299
Total
183,431
168,725
1)  Deposits related to individual pension savings (IPS) are also included.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders are obligations related to insur-
ance contracts.  These contracts are divided into contracts 
containing insurance risk and contracts without insurance 
risk.  The latter are pure investment contracts.	
Insurance contract consists of Life insurance provisions and 
other insurance related items.		
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Traditional life insurance provisions
6,167
6,304
- of which guaranteed provisions
6,079
6,222
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
88
82
Collective bonus potential
2,001
2,113
Unit-linked insurance provisions
7,070
6,978
- of which guaranteed provisions
0
0
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
7,070
6,978
Insurance claims provision
468
461
Provisions, Health & personal accident
86
72
Total Insurance contracts
15,792
15,928
Investment contracts
2,386
3,318
- of which guaranteed provisions
2,386
3,318
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
–
–
Total
18,178
19,246
Life insurance contracts are measured and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 4, i. e.  the measurement and recognition 
principle under previous GAAP has been maintained conse-
quently resulting in non-uniform accounting policies method-
ology on consolidation.  Each market represented by Nordic 
and European entities measures and recognises insurance 
contracts using local accounting policies.

--- Page 426 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
167
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus,potentials, beginning of year
6,304
2,113
6,978
461
72
3,318
19,246
Gross premiums written
62
–
294
–
–
134
490
Transfers
40
–
–43
–
–
–1,017
–1,020
Addition of interest/investment return
185
–
362
–
–
141
688
Claims and benefits
–266
–
–472
8
–
–235
–965
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–23
–
–38
–
–
–26
–87
Change in provisions/bonus potential
–2
–135
138
–
16
–
17
Other
149
–
–123
–
–
32
58
Translation differences
–282
23
–26
–1
–2
39
–249
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,167
2,001
7,070
468
86
2,386
18,178
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
98%
100%
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Gross premiums written
87
–
441
–
–
156
684
Transfers
40
–
–43
–
–
–56
–59
Addition of interest/investment return
273
–
1,740
–
–
540
2,553
Claims and benefits
–280
–
–806
28
–
–234
–1,292
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–41
–
–
–28
–94
Change in provisions/bonus potential
–298
200
98
–
3
–
3
Other
272
–
–790
–
–
–249
–767
Translation differences
48
–24
4
–
–
–40
–12
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,304
2,113
6,978
461
72
3,318
19,246
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
98%
69%
Insurance risks
Insurance risk is described in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.  
Additional quantitative information is found below.
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life insurance operations, Sensitivities
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Sensitivities, EURm
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Mortality – increase in life span of 1 year
23. 4
–18. 3
23. 0
–17.7
Mortality – decrease in life span of 1 year
–0. 3
0. 3
–0.1
0.1
Disability – 10% increase
8. 7
–6. 8
8. 3
–6. 5
Disability – 10% decrease
–6. 2
4. 9
–5. 7
4. 4
50 bp increase in interest rates
–297.4
6. 3
–286. 0
6. 7
50 bp decrease in interest rates
299. 0
–6. 3
287.3
–6. 7
12% decrease in all share prices
–853. 2
–0.1
–828. 7
–0.1
8% decrease in property value
–117.4
–0. 3
–114. 8
–0. 5
8% loss on counterparts
–0.1
0. 0
–0. 5
0. 0
1)  + (plus) indicates that policyholders liabilities increase.
2)  – (minus) indicates that equity decreases.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.

--- Page 427 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
168
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
Risk profiles on insurance
Product
Risk types
Material effect
Traditional
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
Yes
Unit-linked
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Health and personal accident
Mortality
No
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Financial contract
Mortality
No
Disability
No
Return guaranties
Yes
G30.  Debt securities in issue
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Certificates of deposit
23,426
22,094
Commercial papers
10,227
22,192
Covered bonds
113,043
115,361
Senior Non Preferred bonds
2,651
2,732
Senior unsecured bonds
24,922
31,307
Other 
40
40
Total
174,309
193,726
G31.  Other liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Liabilities on securities ­settlement proceeds 
1,083
921
Sold, not held, securities
8,103
9,111
Accounts payable
149
151
Cash/margin payables
6,133
4,675
Lease liabilities
1,233
1,225
Other
4,640
3,785
Total
21,341
19,868
G32.  Accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Accrued expenses
1,184
1,262
Prepaid income
220
214
Total
1,404
1,476
G33.  Provisions
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Restructuring 
245
304
Guarantees/commitments
236
144
Other 
115
122
- of which AML related matters
95
95
Total
596
570
Provisions for restructuring costs have been utilised by EUR 
138m in 2020, and an increase of EUR 83m has been account-
ed for.  The provision is related to staff restructuring (EUR 
200m) and premises related obligations (EUR 45m).  The staff 
related provision is related to the new Group business plan, 
including new financial targets.  These activities were largely 
initiated already in 2019, but have continued also in 2020.  
Approximately EUR 150m of the EUR 245m is expected to be 
utilised in 2021.  Staff related activities are expected to be exe-
cuted on during 2021, but payments are expected to extend to 
2022.  Like for any other provision, there is uncertainty sur-
rounding timing and amount.  The uncertainty is expected to 
decrease as the plans are executed.
Loan loss provisions on off-balance sheet items amount to 
EUR 236m (EUR 144m).  More information on these provisions 
can be found in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.
The provision related to AML related matters (EUR 95m) 
remains unchanged compared with 2019.		
	
	
Restruc­turing
Other
EURm
2020
2019
2020
2019
At beginning of year
304
193
122
7
New provisions made
83
246
21
124
Provisions utilised
–138
–117
–3
–5
Reversals
–3
0
–25
–4
Reclassifications
0
–16
0
0
Translation differences
–1
–2
0
0
At end of year
245
304
115
122
Liabilities to policyholders by guarantee levels (technical interest rate)
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,160
396
2,954
2,170
1,973
970
15,623
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,060
1,426
2,827
2,228
2,170
889
16,600

--- Page 428 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
169
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Retirement benefit assets
144
173
Retirement benefit liabilities
365
439
Net liability (–)/asset (+)
–221
–266
Nordea sponsors both defined contribution plans (DCP) and 
defined benefit plans (DBP).  IAS 19 ensures that the pension 
obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are 
reflected on the Group's balance sheet.  The major plans in 
each country are funded schemes covered by assets in pen-
sion funds/foundations.
The plans are structured in accordance with local regula-
tions and legislation, local practice and, where applicable, 
collective agreements.  Nordea's main DBPs in Sweden, Nor-
way and Finland are all employer financed final salary and 
service-based pension plans providing pension benefits on 
top of the statutory systems.  All DBPs are closed for new 
entrants; new employees are offered DCPs.  
DBPs in Sweden are mainly offered in accordance with  
collective agreements and follow the regulations in the  
Pension Obligations Vesting Act (Tryggandelagen).  Plan 
assets are held in a separate pension foundation.  
In Norway the DBPs are in accordance with the Nordea 
Norway occupational pension plan and follow the Occupa-
tional Pension Act (Foretakspensjonloven).  In Norway, plan 
assets are also held in a separate pension fund.  
In Finland, Nordea provides additional pension benefits on 
top of the statutory system in accordance with the Nordea 
Finland occupational pension plan and follows the regula-
tions in the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL).  Plan assets are 
generally held in a separate pension foundation.  
Minimum funding requirements differ between plans but 
where such requirements are based on collective agreements 
or internal policies the funding requirement is generally that 
the pension obligations measured using local requirements 
shall be covered in full, with a predefined surplus or alterna-
tively safeguarded by a credit insurance contract (Sweden 
only).  Some pension plans are not covered by funding 
requirements and are generally unfunded.  Quarterly assess-
ments are performed to monitor the likely level of future 
contributions.
Defined benefit plans may impact Nordea via changes in 
the net present value of obligations and/or changes in the 
market value of plan assets.  Changes in the obligation are 
most importantly driven by changes in assumptions on dis-
count rates (interest rates and credit spreads), inflation, salary 
increases, turnover and mortality as well as relevant experi-
ence adjustments where the actual outcome differs from the 
assumptions.  
Assets are invested in diversified portfolios as further dis-
closed below, with bond exposures mitigating the interest 
rate risk in the obligations and a fair amount of real assets 
(inflation protected) to reduce the long term inflationary risk 
in liabilities.
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions
Calculations on major plans are performed by external  
liability calculators and are based on different actuarial 
assumptions.
Assumptions1
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
2020
Discount rate2
1. 06%
1. 80%
0.15%
0. 31%
1. 29%
Salary increase
2. 50%
1. 75%
1. 75%
2. 25%
–
Inflation
1. 50%
1. 50%
1. 25%
–3
2. 50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
2019
Discount rate2
1. 39%
2. 20%
0. 60%
0. 76%
1. 82%
Salary increase
2. 75%
2. 75%
1. 75%
2. 25%
–
Inflation
1. 75%
1. 75%
1. 25%
–3
2. 50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
1)  The assumptions disclosed for 2020 have an impact on the liability calculation by 
year-end 2020, while the assumptions disclosed for 2019 are used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2020.
2)  More information on the discount rate can be found in Note G1 “Accounting poli-
cies”, section 24.  The sensitivities to changes in the discount rate are provided 
below.
3)  All pensions in Denmark are salary indexed.  The inflation has hence no impact on 
the DBO.
4)  With CMI_2019 projections for 2020 calculations and CMI_2018 projections for 2019 
calculations.
Sensitivities – Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
%
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Discount rate  
– Increase 50bp
–11. 2%
–8. 1%
–6. 4%
–4. 9%
–8. 7%
Discount rate  
– Decrease 50bp
11. 8%
9. 2%
7.1%
5. 3%
10. 0%
Salary increase  
– Increase 50bp
3. 0%
0. 4%
0. 4%
4. 7%
–
Salary increase  
– Decrease 50bp
–2. 6%
–0. 3%
–0. 3%
–4. 4%
–
Inflation  
– Increase 50bp
10. 8%
8. 4%
5. 2%
–
1. 4%
Inflation  
– Decrease 50bp
–9. 6%
–8. 0%
–4. 8%
–
–1. 2%
Mortality  
– Increase 1 year
6. 4%
3. 8%
4. 9%
6. 4%
5. 0%
Mortality  
– Decrease 1 year
–6. 0%
–5. 0%
–4. 8%
–6. 2%
–4. 8%
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actu-
arial assumption while keeping the other assumptions 
unchanged.  This is a simplified approach because the actu-
arial assumptions are usually correlated.  However, it enables 
isolating one effect from another.  The method used for calcu-
lating the impact on the obligation is the same as when cal-
culating the obligation accounted for in the financial state-
ments.  The sensitivity analysis includes the impact on the lia-
bilities held for future SWT (special wage tax) or SSC (social 
security contributions) in Sweden and Norway, respectively.  
As all pensions in Denmark are salary-indexed, inflation 
has no impact on the DBO in Denmark.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations

--- Page 429 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
170
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets
EURm
Swe 2020
Nor 2020
Fin 2020
Den 2020
UK 2020
Total 2020
Total 2019
Obligations
2,058
796
806
103
108
3,871
3,790
Plan assets
1,867
679
847
127
130
3,650
3,524
Net liability(­–)/asset(+)
–191
–117
41
24
22
–221
–266
- of which retirement benefit assets
2
45
48
27
22
144
173
- of which retirement benefit liabilities
193
162
7
3
–
365
439
Movements in the obligation
2020, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
Current service cost
30
4
3
–
–
37
Interest cost
27
16
4
1
2
50
Pensions paid
–68
–28
–44
–6
–6
–152
Past service cost and settlements
3
–
7
–
–
10
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
0
0
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
31
45
48
5
10
139
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–26
–5
–3
1
–
–33
Acquisitions
–
9
–
–
–
9
Translation differences
87
–47
–
0
–6
34
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
–19
6
–
–
–
–13
Closing balance
2,058
796
806
103
108
3,871
- of which relates to the active population
26%
10%
12%
–
–
19%
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Interest cost
38
21
10
2
3
74
Pensions paid
–68
–37
–39
–6
–4
–154
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Translation differences
–35
9
–
0
4
–22
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
9
4
–
–
–
13
Closing balance
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
- of which relates to the active population
26%
11%
13%
–
–
19%
1)  Change in provision for special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
The average duration of the obligation is 19 (20) years in Sweden, 15 (15) years in Norway, 13 (14) years in Finland, 11 (11) years 
in Denmark and 19 (20) years in the UK, based on discounted cash flows.  The fact of all DBPs now being closed to new 
entrants gives a lower duration.

--- Page 430 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
171
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Movements in the fair value of plan assets
2020, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
24
14
5
1
2
46
Pensions paid
–
–20
–45
–6
–5
–76
Contributions by employer
1
2
0
2
–
5
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
53
15
42
4
8
122
Translation differences
79
–42
–
0
–8
29
Closing balance
1,867
679
847
127
130
3,650
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
34
19
13
2
3
71
Pensions paid
0
–19
–39
–6
–4
–68
Contributions by employer
–
4
–31
2
–
–25
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
105
18
78
6
17
224
Translation differences
–33
7
–
0
6
–20
Closing balance
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
Asset composition
The combined return on assets in 2020 was 4. 8% (8. 8%).  
Despite challenging asset returns, particularly in equities, 
strong performance of fixed income assets and interest rate 
hedging instruments led to a positive total return.  At the end 
of the year, the equity exposure in Nordea´s pension funds/
foundations represented 19% (19%) of total assets.
The Group expects to contribute EUR 2m to its defined 
benefit plans in 2021.
Asset composition in funded schemes
%
Swe 2020
Nor 2020
Fin 2020
Den 2020
UK 2020
Total 2020
Total 2019
Bonds
78%
62%
62%
64%
88%
71%
74%
- sovereign
38%
38%
31%
37%
88%
38%
41%
- covered bonds
24%
18%
9%
27%
–
18%
18%
- corporate bonds
16%
6%
22%
–
–
15%
15%
- issued by Nordea entities
2%
5%
–
–
–
2%
2%
- with quoted market price in an active market
78%
62%
62%
64%
88%
71%
74%
Equity
19%
21%
19%
10%
12%
19%
19%
- domestic
4%
4%
4%
10%
4%
5%
5%
- European
4%
6%
5%
–
1%
4%
4%
- US
4%
6%
5%
–
5%
5%
5%
- emerging
3%
5%
5%
–
2%
3%
4%
- private equity
4%
–
–
–
–
2%
0%
- Nordea shares
–
–
–
–
–
0%
0%
- with quoted market price in an active market
15%
21%
19%
10%
12%
17%
19%
Real estate1
–
15%
15%
–
–
6%
6%
- occupied by Nordea
–
–
5%
–
–
1%
1%
Interest rate swaps
2%
0%
–
–
–
1%
0%
Insurance contracts
–
–
2%
7%
–
1%
0%
Cash and cash equivalents
1%
2%
2%
19%
0%
2%
1%
1)  The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 431 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
172
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
Recognised in the income statement
2020, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
30
4
3
–
–
37
Net interest
3
2
–1
0
0
4
Past service cost and settlements
3
–
7
–
–
10
SWT/SSC1
9
1
–
–
–
10
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
7
9
0
0
61
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Net interest
4
2
–3
0
0
3
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
SWT/SSC1
9
0
–
–
–
9
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
–1
2
0
0
46
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.
Recognised in other comprehensive income
2020, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
0
0
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
31
45
48
5
10
139
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–26
–5
–3
1
–
–33
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–53
–15
–42
–4
–8
–122
SWT/SSC1
–11
5
–
–
–
–6
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
–59
30
3
2
2
–22
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–105
–18
–78
–6
–17
–224
SWT/SSC1
17
8
–
–
–
25
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
89
48
15
4
–4
152
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.  
Defined benefit pension cost
The total net pension cost related to defined benefit plans 
recognised in the Group's income statement (as staff costs) 
for the year is EUR 61m (EUR 46m).  Total pension costs 
­comprise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs relat-
ed to defined contribution plans (see specification in Note G8 
“Staff costs”).
Compared with the pension cost in 2019, excluding past service cost and related SWT and SSC, the pension cost remained 
largely unchanged in 2020.

--- Page 432 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
173
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Multiemployer plans
In 2010 the Norwegian Parliament decided to change the AFP 
(Avtalefestet Pensjon) plan in Norway as from 2011.  The 
change gave rise to a new multiemployer defined benefit 
plan that cannot be calculated as such, as information on 
Nordea's share of the liabilities and pension costs in the plan 
is not available from Fellesordningen (the administrator).  
Consequently the AFP plan has to be accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan in accordance with IAS 19.  Informa-
tion on the funded status in the plan is not available.
The AFP plan gives the entitled employees a lifelong addi-
tion to regular pensions from the age of 62.  Furthermore, the 
scheme allows employees to continue working while receiv-
ing AFP without this affecting their pension rights.  The plan is 
founded on the basis of a tripartite cooperation between 
employer organisations, employee organisations and the Nor-
wegian government.  The government covers one third of the 
pension expense for the AFP plan while the member compa-
nies collectively cover the remaining two thirds of the pension 
expense.  The premium the member firms pay to the plan is 
determined to be sufficient to cover on-going pension 
expenses and provide a basis for building up a pension fund.  
The purpose of the pension fund is to ensure sufficient ability 
to cover expected future pension obligations.
The premium rate for 2020 was 2. 5% of employees’ wages 
between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount according 
to the Norwegian National Insurance Act.  The premium is cal-
culated based on the average wages and average base 
amounts from the previous year, excluding employees over 
the age of 61.  Total premiums paid in 2020 amount to EUR 
3m.  Payments into the plan in 2020 covered 2,373 employees.  
The premium rate for 2020 will be 2. 5% of the employees’ 
wages between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount 
according to the Norwegian National Insurance Act.  The 
expected premiums in 2021 amount to EUR 3m.
The employees that meet the requirements for AFP are 
guaranteed AFP payments regardless of the solvency of their 
employers.  Consequently, the employer members have joint 
responsibility for two thirds of the pensions payable to 
employees who, at any given time meet the requirements for 
AFP. Any deficit or surplus on windup of the plan or the with-
drawal of entities from the plan will not have any impact on 
Nordea.
Key management personnel
The Group’s total pension obligations regarding key manage-
ment personnel amounted to EUR 7m (EUR 7m) at the end of 
the year.  These obligations are largely covered by plan assets.  
Defined benefit pension costs (Current service cost as well as 
Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19) related 
to key management personnel in 2020 were EUR 0m (EUR 
0m).  Complete information concerning key management per-
sonnel is disclosed in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
G35.  Subordinated liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Additional Tier 1
1,893
2,409
Tier 2
5,048
7,410
Total
6,941
9,819
For more information, see Note P34 “Subordinated liabilities”.
G36.  Assets pledged as 
security for own liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Securities etc
5,759
24,458
Loans to the public
156,029
146,615
Other assets pledged
14,576
12,922
Total
176,364
183,995
The above pledges pertain to  
the following liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
13,351
12,178
Deposits and borrowings from the public
3,050
5,569
Derivatives
10,804
4,676
Debt securities in issue
117,322
113,283
Other liabilities and commitments
2,497
2,464
Total
147,024
138,170
Assets recognised on the balance sheet and pledged as secu-
rities for Nordea’s own liabilities are disclosed as “Assets 
pledged as securities for own liabilities”. Assets recognised on 
the balance sheet and pledged for other than own liabilities 
are reported in Note G37 “Other assets pledged”. Securities 
borrowed and then used as collateral are reported in Note 
G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
Assets pledged for own liabilities contain securities 
pledged as security in repurchase agreements and in securi-
ties lending.  The transactions are conducted under standard 
agreements employed by financial markets participants.  
Counterparts in those transactions are credit institutions and 
the public.  The transactions are typically short term with 
maturity within three months.
Securities in the Life operations are also pledged as secu-
rity for the corresponding insurance liabilities.
Loans to the public have been registered as collateral for 
issued covered bonds and mortgage bonds in line with local 
legislation.  In the event of the company´s insolvency, the 
holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered 
as collateral.
Other assets pledged relate to certificates of deposits 
pledged by Nordea to comply with authority requirements.

--- Page 433 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
174
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G37.  Other assets pledged 
Assets recognised on the balance sheet and pledged on 
behalf of other items than Nordea’s liabilities are disclosed  
as “Other assets pledged”. Assets recognised on the balance 
sheet and pledged for own liabilities are disclosed in Note 
G36 “Assets pledged as securities for own liabilities”. Securi-
ties borrowed and then used as collateral are reported in 
Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
Other assets pledged are mainly related to securities, 
which include interest-bearing securities pledged as securi-
ties for payment settlements within the central banks and 
clearing institutions in the amount of EUR 267m (EUR 20m).  
From 2020 only securities that are pledged for overnight 
liquidity are disclosed (pledged securities for intraday liquid-
ity are excluded).  Comparative figures have been restated.  
Collateral pledged on behalf of other items other than the 
company´s own liabilities, e. g.  on behalf of a third party or  
on behalf of the company´s own contingent liabilities is also 
accounted for under this item.
G38.  Contingent liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Guarantees
- Loan guarantees
3,521
2,791
- Other guarantees
14,802
13,855
Documentary credits
1,011
1,146
Other contingent liabilities
13
0
Total
19,347
17,792
In its normal business, Nordea issues various forms of guar-
antees in favour of its customers.  Loan guarantees are given 
for customers to guarantee obligations in other credit and 
pension institutions.  Other guarantees consist mainly of com-
mercial guarantees such as bid guarantees, advance payment 
guarantees, warranty guarantees and export-related guaran-
tees.  Contingent liabilities also include unutilised irrevocable 
import documentary credits and confirmed export documen-
tary credits.  These transactions are part of the bank's services 
and support Nordea´s customers.  Guarantees and documen-
tary credits are off-balance-sheet items, unless there is a 
need for a provision to cover a probable loan loss that arises 
from the judgement that reimbursement will not be received.  
The table above includes all issued guarantees, also those for 
which the possibility of an outflow of resources is considered 
remote.
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken, in relation to certain 
individuals and on certain conditions, to be responsible for 
the potential payment liability against them in their capacity 
of managing directors or board member in group undertak-
ings of Nordea Bank Abp.
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken to indemnify the mem-
bers of the GLT against legal expenses incurred in relation to 
legal advice in defending or disputing certain claims or inves-
tigations from third parties, excluding crimes or actions made 
with intent or gross negligence.  For each GLT member, the 
indemnity is capped at an aggregate amount of EUR 37.5m, 
unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise on a case-by-
case basis.  The indemnity is secondary to any other insurance 
coverage.
A limited number of employees are entitled to severance 
pay if they are dismissed before reaching their normal retire-
ment age.  For further disclosures, see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within the framework of its normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts, as 
well as possible fines due to e. g.  weak anti-money laundering 
processes and procedures in the past.  Presently, none of the 
current disputes are considered likely to have any significant 
adverse effect on Nordea or its financial position.  As previ-
ously stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made a 
provision for ongoing AML-related matters.  Nordea cannot 
exclude the possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s 
financial performance.  In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation.  See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” and Note G33 “Provisions”.
G39.  Commitments
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Unutilised overdraft facilities
32,859
28,871
Loan commitments
55,932
46,459
Future payment obligations 
325
222
Other commitments
1,444
1,511
Total
90,560
77,063
Reverse repurchase agreements are recognised on and 
derecognised from the balance sheet on the settlement date.  
Nordea has as per 31 December 2020 signed reverse repur-
chase agreements that have not yet been settled and conse-
quently are not recognised on the balance sheet.  On the set-
tlement date, these reverse repurchase agreements will, as 
far as possible, replace existing reverse repurchase agree-
ments not yet derecognised as per 31 December 2020.  The 
net impact on the balance sheet is minor.  These instruments 
have not been disclosed as commitments.
For information on credit commitments, see Note G1 
“Accounting policies”, section 26, about derivatives, see Note 
G19 “Derivatives and Hedge accounting” and about reverse 
repurchase agreements, see Note G43 “Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals”.

--- Page 434 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
175
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G40.  Classification of financial instruments
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
32,955
–
–
–
–
32,955
Loans to central banks 
2,965
158
–
–
–
3,123
Loans to credit institutions
1,441
1,682
–
–
–
3,123
Loans to the public
256,989
72,776
–
–
–
329,765
Interest-bearing securities
3,293
21,960
4,216
33,040
–
62,509
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
–
3,109
–
686
–
3,795
Shares 
–
12,649
–
–
–
12,649
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
35,908
215
–
361
36,484
Derivatives
–
44,770
–
–
–
44,770
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio 
hedge of interest rate risk
359
–
–
–
–
359
Investments in associated u­ndertakings  
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
555
555
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
3,771
3,771
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
1,931
1,931
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,535
1,535
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
406
406
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
300
300
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
144
144
Other assets
1,425
11,220
–
–
704
13,349
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
292
–
–
–
345
637
Total
299,719
204,232
4,431
33,726
10,052
552,160
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
21,070
2,869
–
–
23,939
Deposits and borrowings from the public
180,590
2,841
–
–
183,431
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
–
–
37,534
–
37,534
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
2,386
15,792
18,178
Debt securities in issue 
118,102
–
56,207
–
174,309
Derivatives 
–
47,033
–
–
47,033
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk
2,608
–
–
–
2,608
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
305
305
Other liabilities1 
4,748
14,755
–
1,838
21,341
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
222
–
–
1,182
1,404
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
436
436
Provisions
–
–
–
596
596
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
365
365
Subordinated liabilities
6,941
–
–
–
6,941
Total
334,281
67,498
96,127
20,514
518,420
1)  Of which lease liabilities classified into the category Amortised cost EUR 1,233m.

--- Page 435 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
176
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
–
–
–
35,509
Loans to central banks 
5,889
3,318
–
–
–
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
5,727
2,792
–
–
–
8,519
Loans to the public
245,527
77,564
–
–
–
323,091
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
28,460
4,088
28,893
–
64,930
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
–
6,265
–
886
–
7,151
Shares 
–
14,184
–
–
–
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
30,324
169
–
306
30,799
Derivatives
–
39,111
–
–
–
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio 
hedge of interest rate risk
217
–
–
–
–
217
Investments in associated u­ndertakings  
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
572
572
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
3,695
3,695
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
2,002
2,002
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,585
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
487
487
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
362
362
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
173
173
Other assets
1,079
10,778
–
–
686
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
339
–
–
–
372
711
Total
297,776
212,796
4,257
29,779
10,240
554,848
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
23,330
8,974
–
–
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
164,027
4,698
–
–
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
–
–
31,859
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
15,928
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
135,223
–
58,503
–
193,726
Derivatives 
–
42,047
–
–
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk
2,018
–
–
–
2,018
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
742
742
Other liabilities1 
4,634
14,153
–
1,081
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
–
–
1,261
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
481
481
Provisions
–
–
–
570
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
439
439
Subordinated liabilities
9,819
–
–
–
9,819
Total
339,266
69,872
93,680
20,502
523,320
1)  Of which lease liabilities classified into the category Amortised cost EUR 1,225m.

--- Page 436 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
177
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
EURm
2020
2019
Carrying amount per end of year
4,431
4,257
Maximum exposure to credit risk per end of year
4,431
4,257
Assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair 
value option) consist of all assets in Nordea Life and Pension 
held under investment contracts, EUR 4,216m (EUR 4,088m).  
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts in Life, EUR 215m (EUR 169m), are designated at fair 
value through profit or loss.  For more information see Note G1 
section 13.  Nordea does not disclose the effect of changes in 
credit risk on the fair values of these assets and the fair value 
change in related credit derivatives; as such, changes in value 
will directly result in essentially the same change in the carry-
ing amount of the corresponding liabilities to policyholders.  
There is thus no significant impact on the income statement or 
equity due to changes in credit risk of these assets in Life.  For 
this reason Nordea does not either disclose the nominal 
amount of credit derivatives used to mitigate the maximum 
exposure to credit risk per end of the year.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss consist of issued bonds in the Danish group undertak-
ings Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, EUR 54,411m (EUR 
55,766m), issued structured bonds in Markets operation, EUR 
1,796m (EUR 2,737m), deposits linked to the investment 
return of separate assets, EUR 4,421m (EUR 4,377m) and 
investment contracts and pooled schemes in Life, EUR 
35,499m (EUR 30,800m).  For issued structured bonds in Mar-
kets, changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk 
are recognised in other comprehensive income and Nordea 
calculates the change in own credit spread based on the 
change in Nordea’s funding spread by assuming the liquidity 
premium for the issuance to be constant over time.  The 
change in the credit spread is estimated by comparing the 
value of the trades using the initial funding spread on issu-
ance date and actual funding spread on the reporting date.  
This model is assessed to provide the best estimate of the 
impact of own credit risk.  The value of the investment con-
tracts in Life and asset linked deposits is directly linked to the 
assets in the contracts and there is consequently no effect 
from changes in own credit risk in these contracts.
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk of 
bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, are  
calculated by determining the amount of changes in its fair 
value that are not attributable to changes in market condi-
tions.  The method used to estimate the amount of changes  
in market conditions is based on relevant benchmark interest 
rates, which are the average yields on Danish and German 
(EUR) government bonds.  This model is assessed to provide 
the best estimate of the impact of own credit risk.  The chang-
es in own credit risk on issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are not recognised in other 
comprehensive income as that would create an accounting 
missmatch with the corresponding change in fair value of the 
mortgage loans that is recognised in profit or loss.  For this 
reason, the whole change in the fair value of issued mortgage 
bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is recognised 
in the income statement.  For the issued mortgage bonds, a 
change in the liability's credit risk and price will have a corre-
sponding effect on the value of the loans as a change in the 
price of the bonds will be offset by the opposite change in the 
value of the prepayment option of the loans.  
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
2020
2019
EURm
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Carrying amount per end of the year
1,796
94,331
96,127
2,737
90,943
93,680
Amount to be paid at maturity1 
1,829
97,269
99,098
2,737
93,317
96,054
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, during the year
–9
35
26
–15
94
79
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, accumulated 
–14
–421
–435
–5
–456
–461
1)  Liabilities to policyholders have no fixed maturities and there is no fixed amount to be paid.  For these liabilities, the amount disclosed to be paid at maturity has been set at the 
carrying amount.

--- Page 437 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
178
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial assets
Cash and balances 
with central banks
32,955
32,955
35,509
35,509
Loans 
336,370
344,038
341,034
343,764
Interest-bearing  
securities
62,509
62,764
64,930
65,047
Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
3,795
3,795
7,151
7,151
Shares
12,649
12,649
14,184
14,184
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
36,123
36,123
30,493
30,493
Derivatives
44,770
44,770
39,111
39,111
Other assets
12,645
12,645
11,857
11,857
Prepaid expenses  
and accrued income
292
292
339
339
Total
542,108
550,031
544,608
547,455
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt 
instruments
391,228
392,214
406,592
407,337
Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
37,534
37,534
31,859
31,859
Liabilities to 
­policyholders
2,386
2,386
3,318
3,318
Derivatives
47,033
47,033
42,047
42,047
Other liabilities 
18,270
18,270
17,562
17,562
Accrued expenses  
and prepaid income
222
222
215
215
Total
496,673
497,659
501,593
502,338
For information about valuation of items measured at fair 
value on the balance sheet, see Note G1 and the section 
“Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet” below.  For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see 
the section “Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair 
value on the balance sheet” below.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
– of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
– of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique using 
non–observable 
data (Level 3)
– of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
158
–
–
–
158
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
1,682
–
–
–
1,682
Loans to the public
–
–
72,776
–
–
–
72,776
Interest–bearing securities2 
28,676
1,161
33,404
3,073
931
67
63,011
Shares
10,280
9,302
400
280
1,969
835
12,649
Assets in pooled schemes and unit–linked 
investment contracts
35,679
31,609
352
352
453
453
36,484
Derivatives
54
–
42,945
28
1,771
44,770
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,535
1,534
1,535
Other assets
–
–
11,189
–
31
30
11,220
Total
74,689
42,072
162,906
3,733
6,690
2,919
244,285
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
2,869
–
–
–
2,869
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
2,841
–
–
–
2,841
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit–linked 
investment contracts
–
–
37,534
33,113
–
–
37,534
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
2,386
2,386
–
–
2,386
Debt securities in issue
45,548
–
8,878
–
1,781
–
56,207
Derivatives
84
–
45,340
2
1,609
–
47,033
Other liabilities
5,238
–
9,485
–
32
–
14,755
Total
50,870
–
109,333
35,501
3,422
–
163,625
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.  
2)  Of which EUR 3,795m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 438 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
179
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Determination of fair values for items measured 
at fair value on the balance sheet
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at 
fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the 
IFRS fair value hierarchy.  The fair value hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest 
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3).  The categorisation 
of these instruments is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities.  An active market for the 
asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the 
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.  This cat-
egory includes listed derivatives, listed equities, government 
bonds in developed countries, and most liquid mortgage 
bonds and corporate bonds where direct tradable price 
quotes exist.
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities that do not have directly quoted market prices avail-
able from active markets.  The fair values are based on quoted 
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quot-
ed prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets 
that are not active.  Alternatively, the fair values are estimated 
using valuation techniques or valuation models based on 
market prices or inputs prevailing at the balance sheet date 
and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant 
impact on the fair values.  This is the case for the majority of 
Nordea’s OTC derivatives, securities purchased/sold under 
resale/repurchase agreements, securities borrowed/lent and 
other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models.  
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of 
assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valua-
tion techniques or models supported by observable market 
prices or rates.  This is generally the case for investments in 
unlisted securities, private equity funds, hedge funds, invest-
ment properties, more complex OTC derivatives where unob-
servable input has a significant impact on the fair values, cer-
tain complex or structured financial instruments and illiquid 
interest-bearing securities.  Complex valuation models are 
generally characterised by the use of unobservable and 
model specific inputs.
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, 
make use of market prices and inputs.  These market prices 
and inputs comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations 
etc.  Some of these prices and inputs are observable while 
others are not.  For most non-exotic currencies the interest 
rates are all observable, and implied volatilities and the cor-
relations of the interest rates and FX rates may be observable 
through option prices up to a certain maturity.  Implied vola-
tilities and correlations may also be observable for the most 
liquid equity instruments.  For less liquid equity names the 
option market is fairly illiquid, and hence implied volatilities 
and correlations are unobservable.
For interest-bearing securities the categorisation into the 
three levels is based on the internal valuation methodology.  
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life & 
Pensions
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
3,318
–
–
–
3,318
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,792
–
–
–
2,792
Loans to the public
–
–
77,564
–
–
–
77,564
Interest-bearing securities2 
19,694
1,487
48,726
2,660
172
13
68,592
Shares
11,825
10,184
325
322
2,034
860
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
30,078
26,129
359
359
362
362
30,799
Derivatives
37
–
37,717
12
1,357
–
39,111
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,578
1,585
Other assets
–
–
10,743
–
35
34
10,778
Total
61,634
37,800
181,544
3,353
5,545
2,847
248,723
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,974
–
–
–
8,974
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
4,698
–
–
–
4,698
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
27,482
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
3,318
–
–
3,318
Debt securities in issue
8,155
–
48,116
–
2,232
–
58,503
Derivatives
59
–
40,805
13
1,183
–
42,047
Other liabilities
3,587
–
10,564
–
2
–
14,153
Total
11,801
–
148,334
 30,813
3,417
–
163,552
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)  Of which EUR 7,151m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.

--- Page 439 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
180
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
The valuation of these instruments can either be based on 
direct quotes in active markets (Level 1) or measured using a 
methodology giving a quote based on observable inputs 
(Level 2).  If the impact from unobservable parameters on the 
valuation of the bond is significant the bond is categorised as 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
For OTC derivatives valuation models are used for estab-
lishing fair value.  The models are usually in-house developed 
and based on assumptions about the behaviour of the under-
lying asset and statistical scenario analysis.  Most OTC deriva-
tives are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy 
implying that all significant model inputs are observable in 
active markets.
Valuations of Private Equity Funds, Credit Funds and 
unlisted equity instruments are by nature more uncertain 
than valuations of more actively traded equity instruments.  
Emphasis is put on using a consistent approach across all 
assets and over time.  The methods used are consistent with 
the guideline “International Private Equity and Venture Capi-
tal Valuation Guidelines” issued by IPEV Board.  The guide-
lines are considered as best practice in the industry.  For US-
based funds, similar methods are applied.  
Furthermore Nordea holds loans and issued debt securities 
in the subsidiary Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab at fair 
value.  When Nordea grants mortgage loans to borrowers, in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at 
the same time issues debt securities with matching terms, so 
called “match funding”. Fair value of the issued debt securi-
ties is based on quoted prices.  As the borrowers have the 
right to purchase debt securities issued by Nordea in the mar-
ket and return these as repayment for their loans, the fair 
value of the loans is the same as the fair value of the issued 
bonds (due to the revaluation of the repayment option 
embedded in the loan) adjusted for changes in the credit risk 
of the borrower and the fair value of the margin associated 
with each loan.  
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally 
calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individu-
al instruments.  This calculation is supplemented by portfolio 
adjustments.  
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valua-
tions.  CVA and DVA reflect the impact on fair value from the 
counterparty´s credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality, 
respectively.  Calculations are based on estimates of exposure 
at default, probability of default and recovery rates, on a 
counterparty basis.  Generally, exposure at default for CVA and 
DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through 
the simulation of underlying risk factors.  Where possible, 
Nordea obtains credit spreads from the credit default swap 
(CDS) market, and probabilities of defaults (PDs) are inferred 
from this data.  For counterparties that do not have a liquid 
CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross-sectional regression 
model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread 
given each counterparty's rating region and industry.
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valua-
tion of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised deriva-
tives is recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment 
(FFVA).  In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measure-
ment close-out-cost valuation adjustments and model risk 
adjustments for identified model deficiencies.  Starting from 
Q2 2020, adjustments for IPV variances are also included in 
fair value.
The fair value measurement of the investment properties 
takes into account a market participant's ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the investment properties in its 
highest and best use, i. e.  taking into account the use of the 
investment properties that is physically possible, legally per-
missible and financially feasible.  The current use of the 
investment properties in Nordea is in accordance with the 
highest and best use.  The valuation of the investment proper-
ties is carried out taking into account the purpose and the 
nature of the property by using the most appropriate valua-
tion methods.  The primary valuation approach is a discounted 
cash flow model using current cash flows, market interest 
rates and the current yield requirements.
Transfers between Level 1 and 2
During the year, Nordea transferred “Interest-bearing securi-
ties” (including such financial instruments pledged as collat-
eral) of EUR 1,113m (EUR 4,272m) from Level 1 to Level 2 and 
EUR 11,448m (EUR 701m) from Level 2 to Level 1 in the fair 
value hierarchy.  Further Nordea transferred “Debt securities 
in issue” of EUR 735m (EUR 4,455m) from Level 1 to Level 2 
and EUR 32,916m (EUR 0m) from Level 2 to Level 1.  Nordea 
also transferred “Other liabilities” of EUR 10m (EUR 1,426m) 
from Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 1,040m (EUR 1m) from Level 
2 to Level 1.  The main driver for the transfers during the year 
was an update to the rules for categorisation of financial 
instruments into Levels 1, 2 and 3.  This update had a signifi-
cant impact on the categorisation of “Interest-bearing securi-
ties” and “Debt securities in issue”, where the volume and fre-
quency of trading for the individual instruments (ISINs) are 
now considered.  Transfers between levels are considered to 
have occurred at the end of the year.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 440 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
181
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
2019, EURm 
1 Jan 
2019
Realised
Unrea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2019
Interest-bearing 
­securities
329
–1
8
–
14
–180
2
–
–
–
–
172
- of which Life & Pensions
4
–
9
–
–
–1
1
–
–
–
–
13
Shares
1,697
123
51
–
358
–419
–19
169
–31
91
14
2,034
- of which Life & Pensions
916
42
–25
–
35
–221
–19
166
–31
–
–3
860
Assets in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked 
investment contracts
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
- of which Life & Pensions
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
Derivatives (net)
15
–121
200
–
–33
–
121
–
–8
–
–
174
Other assets
74
–
–5
–
–
–
–33
–
–
–
–1
35
- of which Life & Pensions
40
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–
–
–
–
34
Investment properties
1,607
2
39
–
103
–157
–
–
–
–10
1
1,585
- of which Life & Pensions
1,588
2
38
–
101
–145
–
–
–
–7
1
1,578
Debt securities in issue
2,627
54
–232
–8
422
–
–634
3
–
–
–
2,232
Other liabilities
14
–
–
–
1
–13
–
–
–
–
–
2
1)  Due to deconsolidation of Nordea Bank S. A. , shares in Level 3 increased by EUR 91m and Investment properties in Level 3 decreased by EUR 3m.  In addition, investment properties 
in Level 3 of EUR 7m have been reclassified from Investment properties to Properties and equipment.
Movements in Level 3
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
2020, EURm 
1 Jan 
2020
Realised
Unrea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2020
Interest-bearing 
­securities
172
3
–2
–
641
–34
–3
421
–267
–
–
931
- of which Life & Pensions
13
–
–2
–
–
–4
–
60
–
–
–
67
Shares
2,034
93
–6
–
312
–283
–15
8
–92
–32
–50
1,969
- of which Life & Pensions
860
25
–48
–
103
–93
–15
4
–
–
–1
835
Assets in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked 
investment contracts
362
–
44
–
52
–8
–1
3
–
–
1
453
- of which Life & Pensions 
362
–
44
–
52
–8
–1
3
–
–
1
453
Derivatives (net)
174
434
–49
–
–
–
–434
47
–10
–
–
162
Other assets
35
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–
31
- of which Life & Pensions
34
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–
30
Investment properties
1,585
49
–46
–
167
–188
–
–
–
–
–32
1,535
- of which Life & Pensions
1,578
49
–46
–
166
–182
–
–
–
–
–31
1,534
Debt securities in issue
2,232
652
–980
–4
189
–
–651
347
–4
–
–
1,781
Other liabilities
2
–
–1
–
30
–
–
1
–
–
–
32
1)  Reclassification related to early conversion of Visa C-shares into Visa A-shares.
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabili-
ties held at the end of the year.  The main driver for the trans-
fers into and out of Level 3 during the year was an update to 
the rules for categorisation of financial instruments into Lev-
els 1, 2 and 3.  This mainly impacted the categorisation of 
“Derivatives”, “Interest-bearing securities”, “Shares” and 
“Debt securities in issue”, where the volume and frequency of 
trading for the individual instruments (ISINs) are now consid-
ered.  Transfers between levels are considered to have 
occurred at the end of the year.  Fair value gains and losses in 
the income statement during the year are included in “Net 
result from items at fair value” (see Note G6).  Assets and lia-
bilities related to derivatives are presented net.

--- Page 441 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
182
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and 
liabilities held at the end of the year.  The reason for the 
transfer out of Level 3 was that observable market data 
became available.  The reason for the transfer into Level 3 
was that observable market data was no longer available.  
Transfers between levels are considered to have occurred 
at the end of the year.  Fair value gains and losses in the 
income statement during the year are included in “Net 
result from items at fair value” (see Note G6).  Assets 
and liabilities related to derivatives are presented net.
The valuation processes for fair value measurements 
Financial instruments
The valuation process in Nordea consists of several steps.  The 
first step is to determine the end-of-day (EOD) marking of 
mid-prices.  It is the responsibility of the business areas to 
determine correct prices used for the valuation process.  These 
prices are either internally marked prices set by a trading unit 
or externally sourced prices.  The valuation prices and valua-
tion approaches are then controlled and tested by a valuation 
control function within the 1st line of defence, which is inde-
pendent from the risk-taking units in the front office.  The cor-
nerstone in the control process is the independent price veri-
fication (IPV).  The IPV test comprises verification of the cor-
rectness of valuations by comparing the prices to 
independently sourced data.  The result of the IPV is analysed 
and any findings are escalated as appropriate.  Also, adjust-
ments for IPV variances are included in fair value.  The verifi-
cation of the correctness of prices and inputs is as a minimum 
carried out on a monthly basis and is for many products car-
ried out daily.  Third-party information, such as broker quotes 
and pricing services, is used as benchmark data in the verifi-
cation.  The quality of the benchmark data is assessed on a 
regular basis.
The valuation adjustment at portfolio level and the defer-
rals of day 1 P/L on Level 3 trades are calculated and reported 
on a monthly basis.  The actual assessment of instruments in 
the fair value hierarchy is performed on a continuous basis.
Specialised teams within the unit Balance Sheet Risk Con-
trol (BSRC) are responsible for overseeing and independently 
assessing the valuations performed by the 1st line of defence.  
These teams are responsible for 2nd line of defence oversight 
for valuations, with independent reporting responsibilities 
towards the CRO and the BAC.
Investment properties
The main part of the investment properties in Nordea is held 
by Nordea Life and Pension (NLP).  The valuation of the 
investment properties in NLP is performed quarterly by the 
real estate departments in each entity within NLP with full or 
partial assistance from external valuers.  For the departments 
that use their own methodologies the changes in price levels 
of the properties are compared with valuations of similar 
properties assessed by external valuers.  The result of the val-
uation is presented to, and approved by, the local manage-
ment in each entity.  The CFO in each entity within NLP is 
responsible for the approval of the concepts and for the val-
ues used.  The principles used in all entities are in accordance 
with regulations provided by the local Financial Supervisory 
Authorities (FSA) which is in accordance with international 
valuation principles and in accordance with IFRS.
In addition there is an Investment Operation Committee 
(IOC) which is a joint forum focusing on valuation and 
accounting of investment operations issues within NLP. The 
entities within NLP report regularly to IOC and IOC reports 
quarterly to the Nordea Group Valuation Committee.
Investment properties in NLP are backing the liabilities to 
policyholders in life insurance contracts, unit-linked contracts 
and investment contracts, which means that the impact on 
Nordea’s income statement and on shareholders’ equity 
depends on the financial buffers and the profit sharing agree-
ments in the actual unit that owns the property.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 442 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
183
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life & 
Pensions1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Public bodies
39
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–4/4
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
687
63
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–64/64
Corporates
201
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–20/20
Other
4
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
931
67
–88/88
Shares
Private equity funds
948
470
Net asset value3
–104/104
Hedge funds
81
79
Net asset value3
–7/7
Credit Funds
464
163
Net asset value/market consensus3
–40/40
Other funds
199
115
Net asset value/fund prices3
–17/17
Other4
369
100
–
–31/31
Total
2,061
927
 –199/199 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
274
–
Option model
Correlations
–10/10
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–37
–
Option model
Correlations
–10/7
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
88
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–165
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–32/38
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
2
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
162
–
–52/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
1,781
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–7/7
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
1,781
–
–7/7
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
–1
30
–
–
–1/1
Total
–1
30
–1/1
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  The 
gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders 
and do consequently not affect Nordea's equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and the LIBOR) of 1. 45% and a reasonable change of this credit spread would not 
affect the fair value due to callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians.  The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments.  For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians, is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA).  Approximately 50% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines.  These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 3% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 92m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 443 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
184
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
The tables above shows, for each class of assets and liabilities 
categorised in Level 3, the fair value, the valuation techniques 
used to estimate the fair value, significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation techniques and for financial 
assets and liabilities the fair value sensitivity to changes in 
key assumptions.
The column “range of fair value” in the tables above shows 
the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 financial instru-
ments to changes in key assumptions.  Where the exposure to 
an unobservable parameter is offset across different instru-
ments then only the net impact is disclosed in the table.  The 
range disclosed are likely to be greater than the true uncer-
tainty in fair value of these instruments, as it is unlikely in 
practice that all unobservable parameters would be simulta-
neously at the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possi-
ble alternatives.  The disclosure is neither predictive nor indic-
ative of future movements in fair value.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
derivatives a range of different modelling approaches are 
applied to determine an uncertainty interval around the 
reported fair value.  The different approaches applied target 
various aspects of derivatives pricing.  Two common compo-
nents of derivative valuation models are volatility of underly-
ing risk factors and correlation between the relevant risk fac-
tors.  Each of these is addressed by applying different 
assumptions to input and/or the choice of modelling 
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life & 
Pensions1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
164
9
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–16/16
Corporates
8
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
172
13
–16/16
Shares
Private equity funds
833
489
Net asset value3
–93/93
Hedge funds
87
83
Net asset value3
–8/8
Credit Funds
421
167
Net asset value/market consensus3
–35/35
Other funds
289
115
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
460
62
–
–32/32
Total
2,090
916
–194/194
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
265
–
Option model
Correlations
–31/35
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–10
–
Option model
Correlations
–6/3
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–16
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–69
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–24/26
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
4
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
174
–
–61/64
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,232
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–11/11
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,232
–
–11/11
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
33
34
–4/4
Total
33
34
–4/4
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  The 
gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders 
and do consequently not affect Nordea's equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1. 45% and a reasonable change of this credit spread would not 
affect the fair value due to callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians.  The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments.  For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA).  Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines.  These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 3% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 56m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.

--- Page 444 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
185
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Investment properties
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which Life 
& Pensions
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
657
657
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
105–362 EUR/m2
224 EUR/m2
- Other
106–287 EUR/m2
220 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
3. 90%–5. 60%
4. 5%
- Other
4.1%–9. 5%
4. 4%
Finland3
946
946
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
138–228 EUR/m2
183 EUR/m2
- Office
123–468 EUR/m2
296 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–300 EUR/m2
245 EUR/m2
- Other
225–282 EUR/m2
254 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5. 75%–7.25%
6. 5%
- Office
3. 25%–8. 25%
5. 8%
- Apartment
3. 25%–4. 75%
4. 0%
- Other
4. 5%–6%
5. 3%
Sweden
291
 291 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
68–217 EUR/m2
125 EUR/m2
- Office
251–251 EUR/m2
251 EUR/m2
- Apartment
176–188 EUR/m2
181 EUR/m2
- Other
69–69 EUR/m2
69 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
4. 75%–7.10%
5. 5%
- Office
4. 65%–4. 65%
4. 7%
- Apartment
3. 67%–3. 80%
3. 8%
- Other
6. 53%–6. 53%
6. 5%
Other
2
 1 
Discounted cash flows
–
–
–
Total
1,896
1,895
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers.  
3)  Of which EUR 361m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
approach.  Besides these common factors a number of asset 
class specific factors are addressed.  These include equity divi-
dend expectations, recovery assumptions for credit deriva-
tives and inflation expectations.  The fair values of derivatives 
are presented as the net of assets and liabilities.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
shares and interest-bearing securities the fair value was 
increased and decreased within a total range of 2–10 percent-
age units depending on the valuation uncertainty and under-
lying assumptions.  Higher ranges are applied to instruments 
with more uncertain valuations relative to actively traded 
instruments and underlying uncertainties in individual 
assumptions.

--- Page 445 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
186
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
Investment properties
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which Life 
& Pensions
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
713
 713 
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
110–401 EUR/m2
280 EUR/m2
- Other
128 EUR/m2
128 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
4. 0%–5. 65%
4. 6%
- Other
6. 5%–9. 5%
7.1%
Finland3
933
 933 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–230 EUR/m2
187 EUR/m2
- Office
189–306 EUR/m2
296 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–291 EUR/m2
261 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5. 75%–7.25%
6. 5%
- Office
4. 5%–8. 25%
5. 8%
- Apartment
3. 25%–4. 75%
4. 0%
- Other
4. 5%–6%
5. 3%
Sweden
238
 238 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
73–208 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
226–231 EUR/m2
229 EUR/m2
- Apartment
166–178 EUR/m2
172 EUR/m2
- Other
65–66 EUR/m2
65 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.10%–6. 75%
5. 8%
- Office
4. 5%–4. 65%
4. 6%
- Apartment
3. 73%–4. 30%
3. 9%
- Other
6. 75%–6. 75%
6. 8%
Other
7
–
Discounted cash flows
–
–
–
Total
1,891
1,884
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers.  
3)  Of which EUR 306m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value 
measurement of the investment properties are market rent 
and yield requirement.  Significant increases (decreases) in 
market rate or yield requirement in isolation would result in a 
significant lower (higher) fair value.
Movements in deferred Day 1 profit	
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases 
differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured 
using a valuation model, mainly due to the transaction price 
not beeing established in an active market.  If there are signifi-
cant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the trans-
action price and any difference between the transaction price 
and fair value at initial recognition measured using a valua-
tion model (Day 1 profit) is deferred.  For more information see 
Note G1 “Accounting policies”. The table below shows the 
aggregate difference yet to be recognised in the income 
statement at the beginning and end of the period and a rec-
onciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed 
during the year (movements in deferred Day 1 profit).
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 446 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
187
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net
EURm
2020
2019
Amount at beginning of year
125
81
Deferred profit/loss on new transactions
125
85
Recognised in the income statement during the year1 
–177
–41
Amount at end of year
73
125
1)  Of which EUR –10m (EUR –m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.
Cash and balances with central banks
The fair value of “Cash and balances with central banks” is 
due to its short term nature assumed to equal the carrying 
amount and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value 
hierarchy.
Loans
The fair value of “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” has been estimated by 
discounting the expected future cash flows with an assumed 
customer interest rate that would have been used on the mar-
ket if the loans had been issued at the time of the measure-
ment.  The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the 
benchmark interest rate plus the average margin on new 
lending in Personal Banking, Commercial & Business Banking 
and Wholesale Banking respectively.  
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy.
Interest bearing-securities	
The fair value is EUR 3,548m (EUR 3,606m), of which EUR 
136m (EUR 237m) is categorised in Level 1 and EUR 3,332m 
(EUR 3,369m) in Level 2 and EUR 80m (EUR –m) in Level 3.  
The measurement principles follow those for similar instru-
ments that are held at fair value on the balance sheet.
Other assets and prepaid expenses and accrued income
The balance sheet items “Other assets” and “Prepaid expens-
es and accrued income” consist of short receivables.  The fair 
value is therefore considered to equal the carrying amount 
and is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Deposits and debt instruments
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Deposits 
and borrowings from the public”, “Debt securities in issue” 
and “Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the car-
rying amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate 
risk and in own credit risk.  The fair value is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value changes 
related to interest rate risk are based on changes in relevant 
interest rates compared with corresponding nominal interest 
rate in the portfolios.  The fair value changes in the credit risk 
are calculated as the difference between the credit spread in 
the nominal interest rate compared with the current spread 
that is observed in the market.  This calculation is performed 
on an aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised 
in the balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and 
“Subordinated liabilities”. As the contractual maturity is short 
for “Deposits by credit institutions” and “Deposits and bor-
rowing from the public” the changes in Nordea´s own credit 
risk related to these items are assumed not to be significant.  
This is also the case for short-term issuances recognised in 
the balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subor-
dinated liabilities”.	
Other liabilities and accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
The balance sheet items “Other liabilities” and “Accrued 
expenses and prepaid income” consist of short-term liabili-
ties, mainly liabilities on securities settlement.  The fair value is 
therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and 
is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
Fair value
Level in fair 
value hierarchy
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Cash and balances with central banks
32,955
32,955
35,509
35,509
3
Loans
261,754
269,422
257,360
260,090
3
Interest-bearing securities
3,293
3,548
3,489
3,606
1,2,3
Other assets
1,425
1,425
1,079
1,079
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
292
292
339
339
3
Total 
299,719
307,642
297,776
300,623
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Deposits and debt instruments
329,311
330,297
334,417
335,162
3
Other liabilities
3,515
3,515
3,409
3,409
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
222
222
215
215
3
Total 
333,048
334,034
338,041
338,786
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 447 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
188
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
130,816
–86,082
44,734
–30,587
–
–10,603
3,544
Reverse repurchase agreements
25,529
–11,532
13,997
–
–13,997
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,292
–
4,292
–
–1,672
–
2,620
Variation margin
685
–685
0
–
–
–
0
Total
161,322
–98,299
63,023
–30,587
–15,669
–10,603
6,164
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2020, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
130,447
–83,792
46,655
–30,587
–
–6,134
9,934
Repurchase agreements
15,698
–11,532
4,166
–
–4,166
–
0
Securities lending agreements
1,548
–
1,548
–
–1,548
–
0
Variation margin
2,975
–2,975
0
–
–
–
0
Total
150,668
–98,299
52,369
–30,587
–5,714
–6,134
9,934
1)	 All amounts are measured at fair value, except for the reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 1,021m and repurchase agreements of EUR 1,020m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)	Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the public.  
Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
126,040
–87,038
39,002
–27,317
–
–9,987
1,698
Reverse repurchase agreements
38,143
–9,965
28,178
–
–28,178
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,324
–
4,324
–
–3,223
–
1,101
Variation margin
382
–382
0
–
–
–
0
Total
168,889
–97,385
71,504
–27,317
–31,401
–9,987
2,799
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
125,813
–84,423
41,390
–27,317
–
–4,676
9,397
Repurchase agreements
24,351
–9,965
14,386
–
–14,356
–
30
Securities lending agreements
2,500
–
2,500
–
–2,500
–
0
Variation margin
2,996
–2,997
0
–
–
–
0
Total
155,660
–97,385
58,276
–27,317
–16,856
–4,676
9,427
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value , except for the reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,169m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,211m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic.  Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.

--- Page 448 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
189
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements, cont.
Enforceable master netting arrangements  
and similar agreements
The fact that financial instruments are accounted for on a 
gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agree-
ments or similar arrangements.  Generally financial instru-
ments (derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions), 
would be subject to master netting agreements, and Nordea 
would consequently be able to benefit from netting, in the 
event of its counter-parties defaulting, in any calculations 
involving counterparty credit risk.
For a description of counterparty risk see the section Coun-
terparty risk in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.
G43.  Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals
Transferred assets that are not derecognised 
in their entirety and associated liabilities
Assets are considered to be transferred from Nordea if 
Nordea either transfer the contractual right to receive the 
cash flows from the asset or to retain that right, but has a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more 
entities.
All assets transferred continue to be recognised on the bal-
ance sheet if Nordea is still exposed to changes in the fair 
value of the assets.  This is the case for repurchase agree-
ments and securities lending transactions.
Repurchase agreements are a form of collateralised bor-
rowing whereby Nordea sells securities with an agreement to 
repurchase them at a later date at a fixed price.  The cash 
received is recognised as a deposit (liability).  Securities deliv-
ered under repurchase agreements are not derecognised 
from the balance sheet.
Securities lending transactions are transactions where 
Nordea lends securities it holds to a counterpart and receives 
a fee.
As both repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions result in the securities being returned to Nordea, 
all risks and rewards of the instruments transferred is 
retained by Nordea, although they are not available to 
Nordea during the period during which they are transferred.  
The counterpart in the transactions hold the securities as col-
lateral, but have no recourse to other assets in Nordea.
The securities still reported on the balance sheet and 
the corresponding liabilities are measured at fair value.
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Repurchase agreements
Interest-bearing securities
3,795
7,151
Total
3,795
7,151
Liabilities associated with the assets
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Repurchase agreements
3,815
7,150
Total
3,815
7,150
Net
–20
1
Obtained collaterals that are permitted  
to be sold or repledged
Nordea obtains collaterals under reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements which, under the terms of 
the agreements, can be sold or repledged.  The transactions 
are conducted under standard agreements employed by 
financial markets participants.  Generally, the agreements 
require additional collateral to be provided if the value of the 
securities falls below a predetermined level.  Under standard 
terms for most repurchase transactions, the recipient of col-
lateral has an unrestricted right to sell or repledge it, subject 
to returning equivalent securities upon settlement of the 
transactions.  The fair value of the securities obtained as col-
lateral under reverse repurchase and securities borrowing 
agreements is disclosed below.  Nordea also obtains collater-
als under other agreements which, under the terms of the 
agreements, can be sold or repledged.  Those are mainly relat-
ed to collaterals received under CSA agreements covering 
derivative transactions.
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Reverse repurchase agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
24,458
36,218
- of which repledged or sold
11,709
15,791
Securities borrowing agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
3,177
5,680
- of which repledged or sold
712
2,612
Other agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
625
1,018
- of which repledged or sold
349
424
Total
28,260
42,916
G43.  Transferred assets and 
obtained collaterals, cont.

--- Page 449 ---
Notes to the financial statements
190
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Expected maturity
31 Dec 2020 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2019 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
32,955
–
32,955
35,509
–
35,509
Loans to central banks 
G14
3,123
–
3,123
9,207
–
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
G14
2,599
524
3,123
7,632
887
8,519
Loans to the public
G14
74,660
255,105
329,765
72,345
250,746
323,091
Interest-bearing securities
G15
12,501
50,008
62,509
20,021
44,909
64,930
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
113
3,682
3,795
–
7,151
7,151
Shares
G17
4,901
7,748
12,649
6,474
7,710
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
G18
27,492
8,992
36,484
22,371
8,428
30,799
Derivatives
G19
8,296
36,474
44,770
7,097
32,014
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
131
228
359
44
173
217
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
G20
–
555
555
–
572
572
Intangible assets
G21
5
3,766
3,771
4
3,691
3,695
Properties and equipment
G22
172
1,759
1,931
169
1,833
2,002
Investment properties
G24
658
877
1,535
715
870
1,585
Deferred tax assets
G12
16
390
406
23
464
487
Current tax assets
300
–
300
362
–
362
Retirement benefit assets
G34
–
144
144
–
173
173
Other assets
G25
13,281
68
13,349
11,944
599
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
576
61
637
451
260
711
Total assets
181,779
370,381
552,160
194,368
360,480
554,848
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
16,310
7,629
23,939
32,117
187
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
178,382
5,049
183,431
159,446
9,279
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
G18
6,400
31,134
37,534
6,188
25,671
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
2,146
16,032
18,178
1,056
18,190
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
G30
58,807
115,502
174,309
65,196
128,530
193,726
Derivatives
G19
10,327
36,706
47,033
8,955
33,092
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,903
705
2,608
1,521
497
2,018
Current tax liabilities
300
5
305
742
–
742
Other liabilities1
G31
19,761
1,580
21,341
18,589
1,279
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,394
10
1,404
1,471
5
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
4
432
436
95
386
481
Provisions
G33
203
393
596
228
342
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
–
365
365
–
439
439
Subordinated liabilities
G35
3,298
3,643
6,941
2,512
7,307
9,819
Total liabilities 
299,235
219,185
518,420
298,116
225,204
523,320
1)  Of which lease liabilities
138
1,095
1,233
138
1,087
1,225

--- Page 450 ---
Notes to the financial statements
191
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
31 Dec 2020, EURm
< 1 month
1–3 months
3–12 months
1–2 years
2–5 years
5–10 years
>10 years
Total
Cash and balances with central banks and 
Loans to central banks
36,078
–
–
–
–
–
–
36,078
Loans to the public
46,552
13,361
32,777
31,462
67,954
55,301
141,430
388,837
Loans to credit institutions
2,272
470
236
98
53
4
–
3,133
Interest-bearing securities
3,302
1,270
7,550
13,871
25,163
7,190
9,505
67,851
Other non-derivative financial assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
61,718
61,718
Total non-derivatives financial assets 
88,204
15,101
40,563
45,431
93,170
62,495
212,653
557,617
Deposits and borrowings from the public
180,419
645
2,311
55
25
4
1
183,460
Deposits by credit institutions
8,298
4,217
3,710
117
7,404
72
–
23,818
Debt securities in issue
8,990
12,097
36,132
32,039
54,088
11,571
27,483
182,400
- of which CDs and CPs
4,809
8,761
18,837
1,297
–
–
–
33,704
- of which covered bonds
3,274
1,261
13,918
23,706
43,228
7,204
27,324
119,915
- of which other bonds
907
2,075
3,377
7,036
10,860
4,367
159
28,781
Subordinated liabilities
–
897
2,659
1,020
1,499
1,687
282
8,044
Other non-derivative financial liabilities
94,787
9
110
132
253
282
511
96,084
Total non-derivative financial liabilities
292,494
17,865
44,922
33,363
63,269
13,616
28,277
493,806
Derivatives, cash inflows
214,682
242,307
148,591
84,940
167,630
94,302
43,867
996,319
Derivatives, cash outflows
215,304
243,152
148,887
84,263
167,111
93,259
43,008
994,984
Derivatives, net cash flows 
–622
–845
–296
677
519
1,043
859
1,335
Credit commitments
88,791
–
–
–
–
–
–
88,791
Issued guarantees
18,323
–
–
–
–
–
–
18,323
31 Dec 2019, EURm
< 1 month
1–3 months
3–12 months
1–2 years
2–5 years
5–10 years
>10 years
Total
Cash and balances with central banks and 
Loans to central banks
42,001
2,716
0
0
0
–
–
44,717
Loans to the public
61,696
15,139
33,184
30,699
63,730
55,641
133,187
393,276
Loans to credit institutions
8,080
2,963
1,402
397
494
73
–
13,409
Interest-bearing securities
1,097
1,353
16,297
13,806
33,057
7,998
1,939
75,547
Other non-derivative financial assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
57,445
57,445
Total non-derivatives financial assets
112,874
22,171
50,883
44,902
97,281
63,712
192,571
584,394
Deposits and borrowings from the public
164,609
1,695
3,959
1,134
1,224
1,501
968
175,090
Deposits by credit institutions
28,281
7,788
1,047
16
24
–
–
37,156
Debt securities in issue
22,343
11,958
40,453
27,117
66,091
17,370
18,013
203,345
- of which CDs and CPs
11,050
11,365
20,147
1,751
215
–
–
44,528
- of which covered bonds
9,664
333
12,850
19,362
54,022
11,755
17,852
125,838
- of which other bonds
1,629
260
7,456
6,004
11,854
5,615
161
32,979
Subordinated liabilities
0
1,497
1,332
3,655
2,263
2,230
281
11,258
Other non-derivative financial liabilities
83,211
9
107
128
271
258
526
84,510
Total non-derivative financial liabilities
298,444
22,947
46,898
32,050
69,873
21,359
19,788
511,359
Derivatives, cash inflows
346,370
222,804
151,980
94,069
143,136
70,177
17,389
1,045,925
Derivatives, cash outflow
346,961
221,249
153,460
93,574
143,733
70,362
16,654
1,045,993
Derivatives, net cash flows
–591
1,555
–1,480
495
–597
–185
735
–68
Credit commitments
75,330
–
–
–
–
–
–
75,330
Issued guarantees
16,646
–
–
–
–
–
–
16,646
The table is based on contractual maturities.  For derivatives, 
the expected cash inflows and outflows are disclosed for both 
derivative assets and derivative liabilities, as derivatives are 
managed on a net basis.  For contractual lease liabilities, see 
Note G23 “Leasing”. For further information about remaining 
maturity, see also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 451 ---
Notes to the financial statements
192
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
The information below is presented from a Nordea perspec-
tive, meaning that the information shows the effect from 
related party transactions on the Nordea figures.
Associated  
undertakings
Other related  
parties1
EURm
31 Dec 
2020
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2020
31 Dec 
2019
Assets
Loans
92
143
2
–
Interest-bearing securities
–
–
5
92
Derivatives
1
3
109
51
Other assets
3
66
6
41
Total assets
96
212
122
184
Liabilities
Deposits
14
8
571
524
Derivatives
12
8
16
10
Other liabilities
–
–
0
2
Total liabilities 
26
16
587
536
Off-balance
0
21
5
5
Associated  
undertakings 
Other related  
parties1
EURm
2020
2019
2020
2019
Net interest income
1
1
0
2
Net fee and commission income
3
3
0
–
Net result from items at fair 
value
–3
5
13
–12
Other operating income
–
1
–
–
Total operating expenses
0
0
0
–
Profit before loan losses
1
10
13
–10
1)  Shareholders with significant influence (including its subsidiaries) and close family 
members of key management personnel at Nordea, as well as companies con-
trolled or jointly controlled by key management personnel or by close family mem-
bers of key management personnel at Nordea, are considered to be related parties 
to Nordea.  This group of related parties includes Sampo Plc, which has a signifi-
cant influence over Nordea, and the subsidiaries of Sampo Plc.  Liabilities to Sampo 
Plc and its subsidiaries consist mainly of deposits and long-term investments in 
bonds issued by Nordea.  The transactions with Sampo Plc and its subsidiaries also 
include several ongoing derivative contracts.  Other related parties also include 
Nordea's pension foundations.  
With the exception of compensation, certain loans and other 
commitments to key management, all related party transac-
tions are made on the same criteria and terms as those of 
comparable transactions with external parties of similar 
standing.
Compensation, loans and deposits to 
key management personnel
Compensation, loans, deposits and loan commitments to key 
management personnel are specified in Note G8 “Staff costs”. 
Certain other commitments to key management are noted in 
Note G38 “Contingent liabilities”.
G45.  Related-party transactions
G46.  Interests in structured entities
Structured entities are entities designed so that voting or sim-
ilar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who con-
trols the entity.  It normally has restricted activities with a nar-
row and well-defined objective.  If Nordea controls such an 
entity, it is consolidated.  	
	
Consolidated structured entities 
The Viking ABCP Conduit (Viking) has been established with 
the purpose of supporting trade receivable or accounts pay-
able securitisations to core Nordic customers.  The SPEs pur-
chase trade receivables from the approved sellers and fund 
the purchases either by issuing Commercial Papers (CP) via 
the established Asset Backed Commercial Papers programme 
or by drawing funds on the liquidity facilities available.  
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of 
EUR 857m (EUR 952m) and at year-end EUR 755m  
(EUR 871m) was utilised.  Total assets in the conduit were 
EUR 821m (EUR 904m) at year-end.  The SPE is consolidated 
as it is closely linked to the activities within Nordea.  Also, 
Nordea is exposed to credit risk through the liquidity facility.  
There are no significant restrictions on repayment of loans 
from Viking apart from the payments being dependent on the 
rate at which Viking releases its assets.
AR Finance invests in notes backed by trade receivables.  
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of EUR 
125m (EUR 125m) and at year-end EUR 81m (EUR 83m) was 
utilised.  The entity holds assets of EUR 81m (EUR 84m) at 
year-end.
Unconsolidated structured entities
For structured entities in which Nordea has an interest but 
not control, disclosures are provided.  To be considered to 
have an interest in such an entity, Nordea must be exposed to 
variability in returns on the investment in the structured enti-
ty.  Investment funds are the only interests in unconsolidated 
structured entities Nordea currently holds.  Variability in 
returns is assessed based on both fees received and revalua-
tion of holdings in the funds.  
There are several different products in which Nordea 
invests in investment funds:
a) on behalf of policyholders in Nordea Life & Pensions
b) on behalf of depositors where the return is based  
the investment
c) hedge exposures in structured products issued  
to customers 
d) illiquid investments in private equity and credit funds 		
As Nordea is exposed to variability in returns on a gross basis, 
information about these funds is disclosed although the net 
exposure is considerably less.  Any change in value on invest-
ment funds acquired on behalf of policyholders and deposi-
tors where the policyholder/depositor stands the investment 
risk are reflected in the value of the related liability and the 
maximum net exposure to losses is zero.  The change in value 
in investment funds held on behalf of other policyholders is 
largely passed on to the policyholders, but as Nordea has 
issued guarantees in some of these products, Nordea is 
exposed to the changes in value.

--- Page 452 ---
Notes to the financial statements
193
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
Investment funds acquired to hedge exposures in struc-
tured products reduce the exposures and, to the extent hedg-
es are effective, Nordea is not exposed to changes in value.
Investments in illiquid private equity and credit funds are an 
integral part of managing balance sheet risks in Nordea.  The 
maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 735m (EUR 
600m), equal to the investment in the funds.
Nordeas interests in unconsolidated structured entities and 
any related liability are disclosed in the table below.  The car-
rying amount is the maximum exposure to credit loss, before 
considering any hedges.  Income related to these investments 
is recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”.
EURm
31 Dec 2020
31 Dec 2019
Assets, carrying amount:
Shares
10,085
10,899
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
33,232
26,653
Total assets
43,317
37,552
Liabilities, carrying amount:
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
33,232
26,653
Liabilities to policyholders
9,294
10,171
Total liabilities
42,526
36,824
Off-balance, nominal amount:
Loan commitments
0
0
Nordea holds approximately 2,500 different funds that are 
classified as unconsolidated structured entities, approximate-
ly 400 of which are managed by Nordea.  These have different 
investment mandates and risk appetites, ranging from low-
risk government bond funds to high-risk leveraged equity 
funds.  Total assets in funds managed by Nordea are EUR 
194bn (EUR 177bn).  All funds are financed by deposits from 
units holders.  The total assets in investment funds not man-
aged by Nordea are not considered meaningful for the pur-
pose of understanding the related risks and are thus not 
disclosed.
Nordea has sponsored two unconsolidated structured enti-
ties in which Nordea does not currently have an interest, 
Archean and Thulite.  Nordea has established the entities but 
has no influence over them, and is thus considered to have 
sponsored them.  During 2020, Nordea entered into a new 
transactions with Thulite, where Thulite issued a guarantee in 
favour of Nordea.  Nordea also bought protection in the form 
of a CDS from Thulite in 2019.  Nordea has not received any 
income from Thulite in 2019 or 2020.  The guarantee issued by 
Archean has been terminated in 2020.  Nordea has not 
received any compensation in 2020 from Archean (EUR 18m 
in 2019).
G46.   Interests in structured entities, cont.

--- Page 453 ---
Notes to the financial statements
194
Annual Report 2020  Nordea
The specification below includes major directly owned 
s­ubsidiaries and major subsidiaries to the directly owned 
companies.  
Company
Domicile
Shareholding, %
Voting power 
of holding, %
Nordea Bank Abp
Helsinki
N/A
N/A
Denmark branch
Copenhagen
N/A
N/A
Estonia branch
Tallinn
N/A
N/A
London branch
London
N/A
N/A
New York branch
New York
N/A
N/A
Norway branch
Oslo
N/A
N/A
Poland branch
Łódź
N/A
N/A
Shanghai branch
Shanghai
N/A
N/A
Singapore branch
Singapore
N/A
N/A
Sweden branch
Stockholm
N/A
N/A
Nordea Kredit RealKreditaktieselskab
Copenhagen
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Hypotek AB (publ)
Stockholm 
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS
Oslo
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Helsinki 
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Finance Finland Ltd
Helsinki 
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Finans Danmark A/S
Høje Taastrup
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Finans Sverige AB (publ)
Stockholm 
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Finans Norge AS
Oslo
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Direct Bank ASA
Oslo
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Direct Boligkreditt AS
Oslo
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Equipment Finance AS
Oslo
100. 0
100. 0
LLC Promyshlennaya Kompaniya Vestkon1
Moscow
100. 0
100. 0
JSC Nordea Bank1
Moscow
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Funds Ltd
Helsinki 
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Asset Management Holding AB
Stockholm
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Investment Funds S. A.
Luxembourg
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Investment Management AB
Stockholm
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Life Holding AB
Stockholm
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd
Helsinki 
100. 0
100. 0
Livforsikringsselskapet Nordea Liv Norge AS
Bergen
100. 0
100. 0
Nordea Livförsäkring Sverige AB (publ)
Stockholm
100. 0
100. 0
1)  In December 2020, Nordea announced the decision to wind down the operations in Russia.  The legal process has been initiated for the closing of the subsidiaries.
G47.  Group structure
There are different types of restriction in the way Nordea can 
access and transfer assets within the Group: 
•	 Dividends are used to transfer excess capital in the subsid-
iaries of NBAbp to the parent company.  The specific divi-
dend amount is determined for each legal entity based on 
distributable funds, capital adequacy regulations and 
ratios, capital and business planning, local tax consider-
ations and group-internal policies.  Regulatory restrictions, 
both general and local, for dividends as well as projected 
changes in the entities’ capital requirements and risk expo-
sure amounts are incorporated in the analysis regarding 
the dividend decisions.
•	 The CRR requires credit institutions to hold liquid assets, 
the sum of the values of which covers the liquidity out-
flows less the liquidity inflows under stressed conditions so 
as to ensure that institutions maintain levels of liquidity 
buffers which are adequate.  There are also local liquidity 
requirements that restricts the movement of funds 
between legal entities.
•	 The Group has pledged assets to collateralise its obliga-
tions under repurchase agreements, securities financing 
transactions, collateralised loan obligations and for mar-
gining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities.  Further infor-
mation is disclosed in Notes G36 and G37.
•	 For banks under resolution, which is not applicable in 
Nordea at the balance sheet date, there are potential 
restrictions as the regulators would have far-reaching reso-
lution tools they could impose if deemed necessary
•	 Statutory, contractual or regulatory requirements as well 
as protective rights of non-controlling interests might 
restrict the ability of the Group to access and transfer 
assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and 
to settle liabilities of the Group.  Since the Group did not 
have any material non-controlling interests at the balance 
sheet date, any protective rights associated with these did 
not give rise to significant restrictions.

--- Page 454 ---
Notes to the financial statements
195
Nordea  Annual Report 2020
G48.  Acquisitions
Acquisition of SG Finance AS	
On 1 October 2020 the acquisition of 100% of the shares in  
SG Finans AS (now Nordea Finance Equipment AS) was com-
pleted.  Nordea Finance Equipment AS is a Norwegian domi-
ciled company that provides equipment finance and factoring 
solutions.  The company has 350 employees and operates in 
Denmark, Norway and Sweden.  The acquisition of Nordea 
Finance Equipment AS supports Nordea’s strategy to focus  
on core business in the Nordics.  The acquisition is also aligned 
with the Group’s priorities – to create great customer experi-
ences, drive income growth initiatives and optimise opera-
tional efficiency.  
A preliminary purchase price of EUR 604m was paid to 
Société Générale.  The current estimate is that there will be an 
additional purchase price of NOK 5m (EUR 0m), to be paid in 
the first quarter of 2021.  There is, in addition, a maximum con-
tingent consideration of NOK 200m (EUR 19m, converted 
using the spot rate at 31 December 2020) to be paid if Nordea 
receives permission to use the IRB models in Nordea Finance 
Equipment AS before 1 October 2021.  The preliminary pur-
chase price allocation is disclosed below.		
EURm
1 Oct 2020
Loans to the public1 
3,676
Accruals and other assets
89
Deposits from credit institutions
–2,988
Accruals and other liabilities
–178
Acquired net assets
599
Purchase price, settled in cash
604
Purchase price, to be settled in cash
0
Contingent consideration
19
Cost of combination
623
Surplus value
24
Allocation of surplus value:
Customer intangible
8
Technology
6
Deferred tax liability
–5
Goodwill2
15
1)  Including fair value adjustments for loans measured at amortised cost.
2)  Goodwill is not expected to be tax deductible.
The fair value of loans in the table above includes allowances 
for the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected.  
The allowances amount to EUR 49m.  		
Nordea identified two intangible assets in the acquisition.  
One intangible asset related to the customers and the distri-
bution network acquired and the other related to technology.  
The customer intangible asset reflects the profit expected to 
be generated from extensions and renewals of acquired con-
tracts due to the existing relationships Nordea Finance Equip-
ment has with customers and distributors.  The customer 
intangible will be amortised over twelve years, reflecting the 
pace at which customers can be expected to leave.  The tech-
nology intangible consists of the value of the existing IT plat-
form.  Nordea plans to continue using it also in the future and 
to transfer existing contracts to the new platform.  The devel-
opment cost for the platform, has to a large degree, been 
expensed in the company and there is now a surplus value,  
as the replacement cost exceeds the carrying amount.  The 
technology intangible asset will be amortised over five years.  
Goodwill is mainly related to the value of the assembled 
workforce, which cannot be accounted for as a separate 
intangible asset under IFRS 3.  The goodwill is expected to 
have an indefinite life and will consequently not be amor-
tised.		
	
	
 
“Total operating income” for the three months during 
which the company was consolidated amounted to EUR 37m.  
“Operating profit” for the same period was EUR –15m includ-
ing the recognition of restructuring provisions.  The corre-
sponding pro forma figures had the company been consoli-
dated from 1 January 2020 onwards were EUR 140m and EUR 
27m, respectively.

--- Page 455 ---
277
Signing
Board of Directors’ proposal for the distribution of earnings
On 31 December 2020, Nordea Bank Abp’s distributable earn-
ings, including profit for the financial year − after subtracting 
the dividend to be paid on 1 March 2021 (at the earliest) based 
on the balance sheet for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 and capitalised development expenses − were EUR 
19,694,163,764.90* and other unrestricted equity amounted to 
EUR 4,573,347,620.91. The Board of Directors proposes that the 
24 March 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM) authorise it to 
decide on a dividend payment of a maximum of EUR 0.72 per 
share. The payment would be distributed based on the balance 
sheet to be adopted for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, in one or several instalments. The authorisation would 
remain in force until the beginning of the next AGM.
The total dividend amount calculated based on the maximum 
of EUR 0.72 per share, excluding dividend for treasury shares, 
would then be EUR 2,907,097,050.96** and it would be paid 
from retained earnings. After the maximum dividend pay-out, 
EUR 16,787,066,713.94 would be carried forward  
as distributable retained earnings. 
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, the proposed 
­distribution of earnings does not risk the solvency of  
Nordea Bank Abp. Further information can be found in  
the section Proposed distribution of earnings in the Board  
of Directors’ Report.
The Auditor’s Note
A report on the audit performed has been issued today.
Helsinki, 26 February 2021
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Authorised Public Accountants
Jukka Paunonen
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Signatures of the financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the year 2020 
Helsinki, 24 February 2021
Torbjörn Magnusson
Chair
Frank Vang-Jensen
President and Group CEO
Kari Jordan
Vice Chair
Kari Ahola
Board member1
Dorrit Groth Brandt 
Board member1
Pernille Erenbjerg 
Board member
Nigel Hinshelwood
Board member
Petra van Hoeken
Board member
Robin Lawther
Board member
John Maltby
Board member
Gerhard Olsson
Board member1
Sarah Russell
Board member
Birger Steen
Board member
Jonas Synnergren
Board member
1)	   Employee representative.
*)	   Calculated based on treasury share amount of 12,317,126.
**)	  The total amount of the dividend payment and the amount carried forward as distributable 
retained earnings after the dividend pay-out, will be adjusted based on the amount  
of treasury shares held by Nordea Bank Abp at the record date for the dividend payment.
Nordea  Annual Report 2020

--- Page 456 ---
Auditor’s report
278
Auditor’s report (Translation 
of the Swedish original)
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion
In our opinion
•	 the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and financial performance 
and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU
•	 the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company’s financial performance and financial position in 
accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements in Finland and comply with 
statutory requirements.
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9) for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The financial statements comprise:
•	 the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, 
statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies
•	 the parent company’s balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing  
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Independence
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and to the group 
companies are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit services 
that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provided are dis-
closed in Note G9 Other expenses/Auditors’ fees to the consolidated financial statements.
Our Audit Approach
Overview
•	 Overall group materiality: € 200 million, which represents 0,65 % of equity
•	 The group audit scope encompassed all significant group companies, as well a number of smaller 
group companies in Nordic countries, covering the vast majority of revenue, assets and liabilities
•	 Impairment of loans to customers
•	 Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
•	 Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
•	 IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting
Annual Report 2020  Nordea

--- Page 457 ---
Auditor’s report
279
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signifi-
cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance 
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are 
considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall 
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative con-
siderations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to 
evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole.
 
Overall group materiality
€ 200 million
How we determined it
0,65 % of equity
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose equity as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark 
against which the capital resources of the bank are most commonly measured 
by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 0,65% which is 
within the range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds in auditing 
standards.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit, taking into account the structure of the Nordea group, the accounting processes and con-
trols, and the industry in which the group operates.
We determined the type of work that needed to be performed at group companies by us, as the group engagement team, or 
by component auditors from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction.  Where the work was performed by 
component auditors, we issued specific instructions to reporting component auditors which included our risk analysis, materi-
ality and audit approach to centralized systems. Audits were performed in group companies which were considered significant 
either because of their individual financial significance or due to their specific nature, covering the majority of revenue, assets 
and liabilities of the group.
By performing the procedures above at group companies, combined with additional procedures at the group level, we have 
obtained sufficient and appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the group as a whole to provide a basis for 
our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. 
Nordea  Annual Report 2020

--- Page 458 ---
Auditor’s report
280
Key audit matter in the audit of the group
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment of loans to customers
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements and 
estimation uncertainty), Note G11 – Net loan losses and Note G14 
– Loans and impairment to the consolidated financial statements.
A high level of judgement is involved in determining the 
appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. For individually 
assessed loans, judgement is involved in determining whether 
a loan has a loss event and in assessing the loan loss amount.
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a function of 
the probability of default, the exposure at default and the loss 
given default, as well as the timing of the loss. 
Nordea categorises loans into three stages depending on the 
level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for each individual 
loan. For loans without significant increase in credit risk, stage 
1, expected credit losses are calculated for estimated defaults 
within 12 months. For loans where there is a significant 
increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 3, a 
lifetime of expected losses are calculated.
The COVID-19 global pandemic has impacted management’s 
determination of the ECL. To address the uncertainties inher-
ent in the current and future environment and to reflect all rel-
evant risk factors not captured in the Nordea’s modelled 
results, management developed post-model-adjustments.  
Additionally, Nordea uses adjustments to the model-driven 
ECL results to address impairment model limitations.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal con-
trols over financial reporting and substantive testing.
We obtained an understanding of the loan origination pro-
cess, credit risk management and the impairment allow-
ances for loans and advances to customers.
We had a special focus on post-model-adjustments devel-
oped as a result of the COVID-19 global pandemic and the 
credit risk development for large customers.
Based on risk, we selected individual loans and performed 
detailed credit file reviews and assessed its credit risk.
For ECL models, we involved our modelling specialists to 
assess the methodology, challenge the underlying assump-
tions and to independently reperform the calculation for a 
sample of loans.
We evaluated the appropriateness of the assumptions and 
accuracy of underlying data used to develop post-model-
adjustments and reviewed that governance procedures 
have been performed.
We have also assessed the disclosures related to impair-
ment of loans.
Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G19 – Derivatives and Hedge 
accounting, Note G40 – Classification of financial instruments 
and Note G41 – Assets and liabilities at fair value to the con-
solidated financial statements.
Given the increased volatility and widespread macro-econom-
ic uncertainty around the continuous impact of the global 
COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity, valuation of finan-
cial instruments continues to be an area of inherent risk. The 
valuation of Level II and III financial instruments utilise observ-
able and unobservable inputs respectively, for recurring fair 
value measurements. Significant portfolios of financial instru-
ments are valued based on models and certain assumptions 
that are not observable by third parties.
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments held at 
fair value relate to:  
•	 Framework and policies relating to models and valuation;
•	 Internal controls relating to fair value adjustments, price 
testing, fair value hierarchy and model control & gover-
nance; and
•	 Disclosures of financial instruments.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We assessed and tested the design and operating  
effectiveness of the controls over:
•	 The identification, measurement and oversight of  
valuation of financial instruments
•	 Fair value adjustments and independent price 
verification
•	 Model control and governance.
We examined the Group’s independent price verification pro-
cesses, model validation and approval processes, controls over 
data feeds and inputs to valuation and fair value hierarchy and 
the Group’s governance and reporting processes and controls. 
For the valuations dependent on unobservable inputs or which 
involve a higher degree of judgment, we assessed the assump-
tions, methodologies and models used by the Group. We per-
formed an independent valuation of a sample of positions.
In respect of fair value adjustments, specifically Credit, Debt 
and Funding fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA and FFVA) for 
derivatives we assessed the methodology applied, underlying 
models and assumptions made by the Group and compared it 
with our knowledge of current industry practice. We tested the 
controls over the data inputs to the underlying models and on 
a sample basis tested underlying transactions back to support-
ing evidence.
We assessed the disclosures related to valuation of financial 
instruments held at fair value.
Annual Report 2020  Nordea

--- Page 459 ---
Auditor’s report
281
Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty) and Note G29 – Liabilities to poli-
cyholders to the consolidated financial statements.
Technical provisions involve subjective judgments over uncer-
tain future outcomes. The value is based on models where sig-
nificant judgment is applied in setting economic assumptions, 
actuarial assumptions as well as customer behavior. Changes 
in these assumptions can materially impact the valuation of 
technical provisions.
We assessed the design and tested operating effectiveness 
of the controls over the process for calculating provisions 
within the Life business.
Our audit also included assessments of applied methods, 
models and assumptions used in calculating the provisions. 
We have on a sample basis performed recalculations of the 
provisions. The audit was carried out involving PwC 
actuaries.
IT systems supporting processes 
over financial reporting
Due to the significant number of transactions that are pro-
cessed, the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent on 
IT systems supporting automated accounting and reconcilia-
tion procedures. To ensure complete and accurate financial 
records it is important that controls over appropriate access 
rights, program development and changes are designed and 
operates effectively.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness for 
controls related to the IT systems relevant for financial 
reporting. Our assessment included, access to program and 
data as well as program development and changes.
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well as 
appropriate segregation of duties. Other areas tested 
included monitoring of IT systems and controls over chang-
es to IT systems.
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014  
with respect to the consolidated financial statements or the parent company financial statements. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, and 
of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of 
financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are 
also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the par-
ent company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going con-
cern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or to cease operations, or there is no real-
istic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and 
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
Nordea  Annual Report 2020

--- Page 460 ---
Auditor’s report
282
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company’s or the 
group’s internal control. 
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related dis-
closures made by management.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the parent company’s or the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the parent com-
pany or the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true and 
fair view.
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within 
the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most signifi-
cance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of 
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Annual Report 2020  Nordea

--- Page 461 ---
Auditor’s report
283
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment
As set forth in the Memorandum of Association of Nordea Bank Abp, we have acted as the auditor as of 21 September 2017. 
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of three financial years.
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises 
the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial state-
ments and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our responsibil-
ity also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable 
laws and regulations.
In our opinion
•	 the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements
•	 the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Other Statements
We support the proposal that the financial statements are adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the dis-
tribution of profits is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board of 
Directors and the Managing Director of the parent company should be discharged from liability for the financial period audited 
by us.
Helsinki 26 February 2021
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Jukka Paunonen
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Nordea  Annual Report 2020

--- Page 462 ---
- 460 - 
ANNEX 2 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP FOR 
THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 463 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
63
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Financial statements
Income statement .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 64
Statement of comprehensive income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 65
Balance sheet  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 66
Statement of changes in equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67
Cash flow statement  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 71
Notes to the financial statements
Accounting policies
G1 
Accounting policies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .73
Risk and Liquidity management
G2 
Risk and Liquidity management .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 95
Notes to the income statement
G3 
Segment reporting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 124
G4 
Net interest income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128
G5 
Net fee and commission income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129
G6 
Net result from items at fair value   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130
G7 
Other operating income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .131
G8 
Staff costs  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .131
G9 
Other expenses  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G10 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G11 
Net loan losses .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G12 Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
G13 Earnings per share .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
Notes to the balance sheet and memorandum items
G14 Loans and impairment  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G15 Interest-bearing securities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G16 Financial instruments pledged as collateral  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G17 Shares  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G18 Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked contracts   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G19 Derivatives and hedge accounting   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .140
G20 Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G21 Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 148
G22 Properties and equipment  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 150
G23 Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .151
G24 Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G25 Other assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G26 Prepaid expenses and accrued income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G27 Deposits by credit institutions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G28 Deposits and borrowings from the public .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G29 Liabilities to policyholders  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G30 Debt securities in issue   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G31 Other liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G32 Accrued expenses and prepaid income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G33 Provisions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G34 Retirement benefit obligations  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155
G35 Subordinated liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G36 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities .  .  .  .  . 159
G37 Other assets pledged  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G38 Contingent liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .160
G39 Commitments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .160
Other notes
G40 Classification of financial instruments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 161
G41 Assets and liabilities at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 164
G42 Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 174
G43 Transferred assets and obtained collaterals  .  .  .  .  .  . 175
G44 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 176
G45 Related-party transactions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G46 Interests in structured entities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G47 Country by country reporting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .180
G48 Acquisitions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 181
Contents

--- Page 464 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
64
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
G4
4,318
4,491
Fee and commission income
3,931
3,846
Fee and commission expense
–920
–853
Net fee and commission income
G5
3,011
2,993
Net result from items at fair value 
G6
1,024
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
G20
50
124
Other operating income
G7
232
476
Total operating income
8,635
9,172
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
 Staff costs 
G8
–3,017
–2,998
 Other expenses
G9
–1,639
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
G10
–1,330
–482
Total operating expenses
–5,986
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
2,649
4,126
Net loan losses
G11
–536
–173
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Income tax expense
G12
–571
–872
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
1,519
3,070
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non–controlling interests
–3
4
Total
1,542
3,081
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
G13
0 .38
0 .76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
G13
0 .38
0 .76
Income statement

--- Page 465 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
65
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Statement of comprehensive income
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences during the year
18
–240
Tax on currency translation differences during the year
1
–2
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–62
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
16
–19
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
21
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–4
11
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–37
–10
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
6
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
152
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–31
–159
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–170
–676
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
35
149
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during the year
G20
1
–
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during 
the year
0
–
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–15
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
2
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
–152
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
34
36
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–185
–326
Total comprehensive income 
1,357
2,755
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,334
2,744
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non-controlling interests
–3
4
Total 
1,357
2,755
1) Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement .

--- Page 466 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
66
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Balance sheet
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
G40
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks
G14
9,207
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
8,516
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
322,740
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
64,930
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
7,151
7,568
Shares
G17
14,184
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
30,799
24,583
Derivatives
G19
39,111
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
169
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
572
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
3,695
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
2,002
546
Investment properties
G24
1,585
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
487
164
Current tax assets
362
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
173
246
Other assets
G25
12,543
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
1,065
1,313
Total assets
554,848
551,408
Liabilities 
G40
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,304
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
168,725
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
31,859
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
19,246
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
193,726
190,422
Derivatives
G19
42,047
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
414
Other liabilities
G31
19,868
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,476
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
481
706
Provisions
G33
570
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
439
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
9,819
9,155
Total liabilities 
523,320
518,507
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
748
750
Non-controlling interests
40
6
Share capital
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,080
1,080
Other reserves
–2,062
–1,876
Retained earnings
27,672
28,891
Total equity
31,528
32,901
Total liabilities and equity
554,848
551,408
Off balance sheet commitments
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
G36
183,995
171,899
Other assets pledged
G37
3,919
4,788
Contingent liabilities
G38
17,792
17,819
Commitments
G39
77,063
74,479

--- Page 467 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
67
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
 operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
 earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1 ,519
1,519
26
–3
1,542
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
18
–
–
–
–
–
18
–
–
18
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
1
–
–
–
–
–
1
–
–
1
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–62
–
–
–
–
–
–62
–
–
–62
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
16
–
–
–
–
–
16
–
–
16
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
 Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
21
–
–
–
21
–
–
21
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
 Transferred to the income 
 statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–37
 Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
–
6
–
–
6
Cash flow hedges:
G19
 Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
152
–
–
–
–
152
–
–
152
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–31
 Transferred to the income 
 statement during the year3 
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–170
 Tax on transfers to the income 
 statement during the year3
–
–
–
35
–
–
–
–
35
–
–
35

--- Page 468 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
68
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
 operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own credit 
risk related to 
liabilities at 
fair value 
option
Retained 
 earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be  
reclassi fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
 Valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–15
–
–15
–
–
–15
Tax on valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
2
–
2
–
–
2
Defined benefit plans:
G34
 Remeasurement of defined  
benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
 Tax on remeasurement of defined 
 benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
34
–
–
34
–
–
34
 Other comprehensive income from 
companies accounted for under the 
equity method during the year
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1
1
–
–
1
 Tax on other comprehensive income 
from companies accounted for under 
the equity method during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
0
–
–
0
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1
–185
–
–
–185
Total comprehensive income
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1,520
1,334
26
–3
1,357
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–26
–
–26
Change in additional Tier 1  
capital holders
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–2
Share-based payments
G8
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
20
–
–
20
Dividend for 2018
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,788
–2,788
–
–
–2,788
Divestment of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
29
29
–
–
29
Change in non-controlling interests
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
37
37
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,941
–26
45
–135
–5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
1) Total shares registered were 4,050 million . The number of own shares were 10 .8 million which represents 0 .3% of the total shares in Nordea . Each share represents one voting right .
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in 
 Denmark . The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9 .2 million .
3) The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement .
4)  Relates to foreign exchange risk . Out of the balance per 31 December 2019, EUR 522m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR -m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied .
5) For more detailed information see Note G19 .
Statement of changes in equity, cont.

--- Page 469 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
69
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
 operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
 earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 31 Dec 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
103
120
–
28,811
32,398
750
168
33,316
Effects from changed accounting 
policy, net of tax
–
–
–
–
1
–
–8
–237
–244
–
–
–244
Restated opening balance 
 at 1 Jan 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
104
120
–8
28,574
32,154
750
168
33,072
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,070
3,070
7
4
3,081
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
–240
–
–
–
–
–
–240
–
–
–240
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
–2
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
67
–
–
–
–
–
67
–
–
67
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–19
–
–
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–19
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
 Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–48
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
11
–
–
–
11
–
–
11
 Transferred to the income 
 statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–10
 Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
2
–
–
–
2
–
–
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
 Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
720
–
–
–
–
720
–
–
720
 Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–159
 Transferred to the income 
 statement during the year4 
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–676
 Tax on transfers to the income 
 statement during the year4
–
–
–
149
–
–
–
–
149
–
–
149

--- Page 470 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
70
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
 operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
 earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be  
reclassi fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related 
to liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
 Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
–
20
–
–
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–4
–
–
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
 Remeasurement of defined benefit 
plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
 Tax on remeasurement of defined 
 benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
36
–
–
36
–
–
36
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
–
–326
–
–
–326
Total comprehensive income 
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
3,070
2,744
7
4
2,755
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–7
–
–7
Dividend for 2017
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,747
–2,747
–
–
–2,747
Purchase of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–6
–
–
–6
Change in non-controlling 
interests3
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–166
–166
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million . The number of own shares were 15 .2 million which represents 0 .4% of the total shares in Nordea . Each share represents one voting right .
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in Den-
mark . The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9 .6 million .
3)  Of which EUR –172m refers to the sale of Nordea Liv & Pension, Livforsikringsselskab A/S in Denmark .
4)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement .
5)  Due to the implementation of IFRS 9 the Available for sale (AFS) category no longer exists and the assets are instead classified as Fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI) . Hence, the opening balance 2018 for the FVOCI-reserve is the closing balance 2017 for the AFS-reserve .
6)  Relates to foreign exchange risk . Out of the balance per 31 December 2018, EUR 568m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR – m relates 
to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied . 
7)  For more detailed information see Note G19 .

--- Page 471 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
71
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Cash flow statement
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating activities
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow
5,024
1,238
Income taxes paid
G12
–816
–1,024
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
6,321
4,167
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to central banks
G14
413
–2,052
Change in loans to credit institutions
G14
1,951
–1,463
Change in loans to the public
G14
–11,079
–2,884
Change in interest-bearing securities
G15
10,485
–90
Change in financial assets pledged as collateral
G16
402
237
Change in shares
G17
–1,379
4,984
Change in derivatives, net
G19
1,281
4,687
Change in investment properties
G24
–36
–218
Change in other assets
G25
–3,921
–1,672
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
G27
–10,339
–622
Change in deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
2,050
–5,461
Change in liabilities to policyholders
G29
5,229
–1,531
Change in debt securities in issue
G30
869
12,856
Change in other liabilities
G31
–4,779
–8,307
Cash flow from operating activities
–2,532
2,631
Investing activities
Acquisition of business operations
G48
–447
–
Sale of business operations
–25
646
Acquisition of associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
–26
–81
Sale of associated undertakings 
G20
879
90
Acquisition of property and equipment
G22
–70
–32
Sale of property and equipment
G22
15
14
Acquisition of intangible assets
G21
–517
–608
Cash flow from investing activities
–191
29
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
G35
1,401
641
Amortised subordinated liabilities 
G35
–890
–669
Paid interest on additional Tier 1 capital
–26
–7
Divestment/repurchase of own shares incl . change in trading portfolio
29
–6
Dividend paid
–2,788
–2,747
Cash flow from financing activities
–2,274
–2,788
Cash flow for the year 
–4,997
–128
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
46,009
46,213
Translation difference
152
–76
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
41,164
46,009
Change
–4,997
–128

--- Page 472 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
72
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Comments on the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash 
and cash equivalents during the year for total operations . 
Nordea's cash flow has been prepared in accordance with the 
indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for 
effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation and 
loan losses . The cash flows are classified by operating, invest-
ing and financing activities . 
Operating activities
Operating activities are the principal revenue producing 
activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operat-
ing profit for the year with adjustment for items not included 
in cash flow and income taxes paid . Adjustment for items not 
included in cash flow includes: 
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation
558
307
Impairment charges
772
175
Loan losses
583
217
Unrealised gains/losses
212
239
Capital gains/losses (net)
–69
–401
Change in accruals and provisions
–26
994
Translation differences
198
–94
Change in bonus potential to policyholders, Life
203
–447
Change in technical reserves, Life
1,794
–20
Change in fair value on the hedge items,  
assets/liabilities (net)
705
–144
Other
94
412
Total
5,024
1,238
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets 
and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such 
as loans, deposits and debt securities in issue . Changes in 
derivatives are reported net . 
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest pay-
ments received and interest expenses paid in the following 
amounts: 
EURm
2019
2018
Interest payments received
7,395
7,412
Interest expenses paid
–3,166
–3,138
 
 
Investing activities
Investing activities include acquisitions and disposals of non-
current assets, such as property and equipment, intangible 
and financial assets .  
Financing activities
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in 
equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of 
shares, dividends and issued/amortised subordinated  
liabilities . 
Cash and cash equivalents
The following items are included in Cash and cash 
equivalents: 
EURm
 31 Dec 2019
 31 Dec 2018
Cash and balances with  central banks
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks, payable on demand
4,826
2,759
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand
829
1,672
Total
41,164
46,009
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign curren-
cies . Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts 
with central banks and postal giro systems under government 
authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled: 
• the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institution is established  
• the balance on the account is readily available at any time . 
 
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid 
assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing 
securities . Loans to central banks, payable on demand include 
instruments that Nordea has the right to resell immediately
Reconciliation of liabilities arising 
from financing activities
The opening balance of subordinated liabilities was EUR 
9,155m (EUR 8,987m) . During the period cash flows related to 
bonds were EUR 511m (EUR –28m) and the effects of FX 
changes and other were EUR 153m (EUR 196m), ending up in 
a closing balance of EUR 9,819m (EUR 9,155m) . 
Cash flow statement, cont.

--- Page 473 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
73
Nordea Annual Report 2019
 Content for Note G1
1. 
Basis for presentation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .73
2. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation  .  .  .  .73
3. 
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75
4. 
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty .  .  .  .75
5. 
Principles of consolidation  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 78
6. 
Recognition of operating income and impairment  . 79
7. 
Income recognition life insurance  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81
8. 
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81
9. 
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated 
 in foreign currencies  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
10. 
Hedge accounting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
11. 
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 83
12. 
Cash and balances with central banks  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
13. 
Financial instruments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
14. 
Loans to the public/credit institutions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 86
15. 
Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
16. 
Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
17. 
Properties and equipment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
18. 
Investment properties  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
19. 
Liabilities to policyholders .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
20. 
Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and 
unit-linked investment contracts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .91
21. 
Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .91
22. 
Provisions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .91
23. 
Earnings per share  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .91
24. 
Employee benefits  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .91
25. 
Equity  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 92
26. 
Financial guarantee contracts and  
credit commitments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
27. 
Share-based payment  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
28. 
Related party transactions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
29. 
Presentation of disposal groups held for sale  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
30 . 
Exchange rates .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
1. Basis for presentation
Nordea’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission . In addition, cer-
tain complementary rules in the Finnish Accounting Act, the 
Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decree of the 
Ministry of Finance on the financial statements and consoli-
dated statements of credit institutions and investment firms 
have also been applied .
The disclosures, required in the standards, recommenda-
tions and legislation above, have been included in the notes, 
Capital management section or in other parts of the “Finan-
cial statements” .
On 20 February 2020 the Board of Directors approved the 
financial statements, subject to final adoption by the Annual 
General Meeting on 25 March 2020 . 
The accounting policies, the basis for calculations and pre-
sentations are unchanged in comparison with the Annual 
Report 2018, except for the changed accounting policies and 
presentation described below in the section “Changed 
accounting policies and presentation” . 
2. Changed accounting policies and presentation
The new accounting requirements implemented during  
2019 and their impact on Nordea’s financial statements are 
described below .
IFRS 16 “Leases”
The new standard IFRS 16 “Leases” changes the accounting 
requirements for lessees . All leases (except for short-term and 
small ticket leases) are accounted for on the balance sheet of 
the lessee as a right to use the asset and a corresponding lia-
bility, and the lease payments are recognised as amortisation 
on the lease liability and interest expense . The accounting 
requirements for lessors are mostly unchanged . Additional 
disclosures are also required . IFRS 16 was implemented by 
Nordea as from 1 January 2019 . Nordea has applied the modi-
fied retrospective approach, which means that IFRS 16 has 
been applied from 1 January 2019 with no restatement of 
comparative figures . The right of use asset was recognised  
as the amount of the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid 
expensed and accrued lease payments .
The main impact on Nordea’s financial statements comes 
from the accounting of property leases . Such leasing con-
tracts are under IFRS 16 accounted for on the balance sheet 
to a larger extent than under the earlier requirements . The 
right of use asset, presented as “Properties and equipment” 
on the balance sheet, amounted to EUR 1,521m at transition 
on 1 January 2019 . The increase of total assets was EUR 
1,163m considering also a reclassification of already existing 
prepaid lease expenses . There was no impact on equity at 
transition . The impact on the CET1 ratio was negative by 12 
basis points following an increase in REA . At transition, the 
standard was implemented based on a single discount rate 
applied on a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics . 
The future cash flows have been discounted using the incre-
mental borrowing rate, and the weighted average incremen-
tal borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities at transition 
was approximately 1% . The assessment of onerous leases 
according to IAS 37 has been applied as an alternative to per-
forming an impairment review of the right of use asset . Initial 
direct costs have been excluded from the right of use asset 
and the right to use hindsight when determining the lease 
term has been used . 
Reconciliation of lease commitments in Annual 
Report 2018 to lease liabilities at 1 January 2019
EURm
Future minimum lease payments under non-
cancellable leases 31 Dec 2018
1,217
Increase in lease term 
157
Discounting effect using the average incremental 
borrowing rate
–93
Deduction for leases reclassified to short-term leases 
under IFRS 16
–5
Other changes
–111
Lease liability 1 January 2019
1,165
G1. Accounting policies

--- Page 474 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
74
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
Impact on the balance sheet at transition
EURm
31 Dec 2018
Change
1 Jan 2019
Assets
Properties and equipment
546
1,521
2,067
- of which Owned assets
546
–
546
- of which Right of use assets
–
1,523
1,523
- of which Accumulated 
impairment on Right of use 
assets
–
–2
–2
Prepaid expenses
1,313
–358
955
Other
549,549
–
549,549
Total assets
551,408
1,163
552,571
Liabilities
Other liabilities
23,315
1,165
24,480
- of which Lease liabilities
–
1,165
1,165
Provisions
321
–2
319
Other
494,871
–
494,871
Total liabilities
518,507
1,163
519,670
Impact on the income statement and balance sheet 2019
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,110
–12
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,834
195
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment charges of tangible 
and intangible assets
–1,139
–191
–1,330
Income tax expense
–573
2
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–6
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Properties and equipment
496
1,506
2,002
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income
1,370
–305
1,065
Other liabilities
18,643
1,225
19,868
Provisions
586
–16
570
Current tax liabilities
744
–2
742
Retained earnings
27,678
–6
27,672
1) Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019 .
Amendments to IAS 39 and IFRS 7 
“Interest rate benchmark reform”
In September 2019, IASB published amendments to IAS 39, 
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 as a consequence of the coming reform of 
benchmark interest rates . The amendments give some relief 
in relation to hedge accounting . Under the amendments, the 
hedge accounting requirements should be evaluated assu-
ming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged 
cash flows and cash flows from the hedging instrument are 
based will not be altered as a result of the interest rate 
benchmark reform . The amendments are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and must be 
applied retrospectively . Early application is permitted, and 
Nordea has exercised this option . The amendments have 
resulted in that the hedge relationships in Nordea pass the 
effectiveness test and that hedge accounting can continue  
as before during the relief period .
Presentation of fair value adjustments
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea presents all other valuation 
adjustments than DVA (Debit Valuation Adjustment) as an 
adjustment to derivatives with positive fair value and DVA as 
an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value on the 
balance sheet . Earlier all valuation adjustments were presen-
ted as an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value 
on the balance sheet . The impact on 2019 was a decrease of 
derivatives with positive fair value and derivatives with nega-
tive fair value by EUR 223m . There was no impact on the inco-
me statement or equity . Comparative figures have not been 
restated . 
Changed recognition and presentation of resolution fees
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea recognises resolution fees at 
the beginning of the year, when the legal obligation to pay 
arises, and presents the expense as “Other expenses” . The 
earlier policy was to amortise these fees over the year and 
present the expense as “Interest expense” . The change mainly 
reflects the change in the structure of the resolution fees fol-
lowing the re-domiciliation to Finland . 
Comparative figures have been restated accordingly and 
the impact, together with the impact on 2019, can be found in 
the below table .
Resolution fee
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,333
211
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,428
–211
–1,639
Income tax expense
–571
–
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
Full year 2018
EURm
Old,policy
Change
New,policy
Interest expense1
–2,929
167
–2,762
Other expenses
–1,399
–167
–1,566
Income tax expense
–872
–
–872
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
1) Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019 .
Presentation of “Net interest income”
To increase the transparency, a more granular presentation of 
net interest income has been included in the income state-
ment . The negative yield on assets and liabilities has been 
separated from “Interest income calculated using the effec-
tive interest rate method”, “Other interest income” and “Inter-
est expense”, respectively, and disclosed on separate lines . 
The comparative figures for 2018 have been restated .
Other amended requirements
The following new and amended standards and interpreta-
tions were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2019 but 
have not had any significant impact on the financial state-
ments of Nordea:
• Amendments to IFRS 9: Prepayment Features with  
Negative Compensation
• Amendments to IAS 19: Plan Amendments, Curtailment  
or Settlement

--- Page 475 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
75
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
• Amendments to IAS 28: Long-term Interest in Associates 
and Joint Ventures
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle
Changes in the Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit 
Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision Authority’s Regula-
tions and Guidelines and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance on the financial statements and consolidated state-
ments of credit institutions and investment firms have not had 
any significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements .
3. Changes in IFRSs not yet applied 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture”
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 
28 regarding sales and contributions of assets between an 
investor and its associated undertaking or joint venture due  
to inconsistent treatment of gains and losses of such transac-
tions in those standards . The IASB has thereafter proposed  
to defer indefinitely the effective date and permit earlier 
application . The amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU 
commission . Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt 
the amendments . The new requirements are not expected to 
have any impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion as the new requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies .
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
contracts” . The new standard will change the accounting 
requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation and 
disclosure of insurance contracts .
The measurement principles will change from a non-uni-
form accounting policy based on the local accounting policies 
in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform accounting poli-
cy based on the three measurement models Building Block 
Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach (VFA) and Premium 
Allocation Approach (PAA) . The model application depends 
on the terms of the contracts (long term, long term with vari-
able fee or short term) . The three measurement models 
include consistent definitions of the contractual cash flows, 
the risk adjustment margin and discounting . These definitions 
are based on the similar principles as the measurement prin-
ciples for technical provisions in the Solvency II Capital 
Requirement Directives . Unearned future premiums will be 
recognised as a provision on the balance sheet and released 
to revenue when the insurance service is provided . Any 
unprofitable contracts will be recognised in the income state-
ment at the time when the contract is signed and approved .
IFRS 17 is effective for the annual report period beginning 
on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application permitted . 
However, due to comments from the global insurance indus-
try the IASB board has proposed to amend IFRS 17 including 
a one-year deferral of the IFRS 17 effective date to 1 January 
2022 . The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU commission . 
Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt the standard . 
Nordea’s current assessment is that the new standard will not 
have any significant impact on Nordea’s capital adequacy or 
large exposures in the period of initial application . It is not yet 
possible to conclude on the impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements .
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended stan-
dards that are assessed to have no significant impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application:
• Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework 
in IFRS Standards
• Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business
• Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of Material
4. Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles requires, in some 
cases, the use of judgements and estimates by management . 
The actual outcome can later, to some extent, differ from the 
estimates and the assumptions made . In this section a 
description is made of:
• the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in  
a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, and 
• the judgements made when applying accounting policies 
(apart from those involving estimations) that have the 
most significant impact on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements .
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular  
associated with:
• the fair value measurement of certain financial instruments 
• the classification of financial assets
• the derecognition of financial assets
• the impairment testing of:
 - goodwill and other intangible assets and
 - loans to the public/credit institutions
• the amortisation period for capitalised software
• the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
• the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees
• the actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
• the valuation of investment properties
• the assessment of expected lease terms and  
classification of leases
• the classification of additional tier 1 instruments 
• assessing control for consolidation purposes
• the valuation of deferred tax assets
• claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
Nordea’s accounting policy for determining the fair value of 
financial instruments is described in section 11 “Determination 
of fair value of financial instruments” and Note G41 “Assets 
and liabilities at fair value” . Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for financial 
instruments are exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack quoted 
prices or recently observed market prices . Those judgements 
relate to the following areas:
• The choice of valuation techniques .
• The determination of when quoted prices fail to represent 
fair value (including the judgement of whether markets are 
active) .
• The construction of fair value adjustments in order to 
incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit risk, model 
risk and liquidity risk .
• The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable .
The critical judgements required when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or

--- Page 476 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
76
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
recently observed market prices also introduce a high degree 
of estimation uncertainty . 
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon profes-
sional judgement in accordance with Nordea’s accounting 
and valuation policies . The fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value using a valuation technique, 
levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, was EUR 185,148m 
(EUR 178,960m) and EUR 151,751m (EUR 136,412m), respec-
tively, at the end of the year .
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs 
can be found in Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” .
Estimation uncertainty also arises at initial recognition of 
financial instruments that are part of larger structural trans-
actions . Although subsequently not necessarily held at fair 
value such instruments are initially recognised at fair value 
and as there is normally no separate transaction price or 
active market for such individual instruments, the fair value 
has to be estimated . 
Classification of financial assets
Nordea classifies financial assets based on Nordea’s business 
model for managing the assets . When determining the busi-
ness model for the bonds within the liquidity buffer Nordea 
makes critical judgements . The bonds within the liquidity buf-
fer is split in two portfolios . For the first portfolio Nordea has 
determined that the business model is to both keep the 
bonds and collect contractual cash flows and to sell financial 
assets . For the second portfolio, Nordea has determined that 
the business model is to manage the bonds with the objective 
of realising cash flows through sale . The bonds within the 
first portfolio are measured at fair value through other com-
prehensive income (FVOCI) and the bonds within the second 
portfolio are measured at fair value through profit and loss 
(FVPL) . Interest-bearing securities and Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral in the liquidity buffer measured at 
FVOCI (the first portfolio) amount to EUR 29,779m (EUR 
33,564m) and interest-bearing securities measured at FVPL 
(the second portfolio) amount to EUR 34,725m (EUR 
39,708m) .
Derecognition of financial assets
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are modi-
fied, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a new 
loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new loan 
are substantially different from the old loan . Nordea applies 
judgements to determine if the terms and conditions of the 
new loan are substantially different from the old loan . Nordea 
considers the terms and conditions to be substantially differ-
ent if the present value of the cash flows of the new loan dis-
counted by the original interest rate is more than 10% differ-
ent from the present value of the remaining expected cash 
flows of the old loan or if the modified cash flows are SPPI, 
but the original cash flows were not SPPI and vice versa . The 
carrying amount of loans, interest-bearing securities and 
financial instruments pledged as collateral on the asset side 
of the balance sheet amounts to EUR 412,544m (EUR 
411,056m) .
Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for goodwill is described in sec-
tion 16 “Intangible assets”, and Note G21 “Intangible assets” 
lists the cash-generating units (CGUs) to which goodwill has 
been allocated . Also internally developed software for which 
amortisation has not yet started is included in the impairment 
test and allocated to the CGUs . Nordea’s total goodwill 
amounted to EUR 1,969m (EUR 1,816m) at the end of the 
year . Software for which amortisation has not yet started 
amounted to EUR 768m (EUR 1,300m) at the end of the year .
The estimation of future cash flows and the calculation of 
the rate used to discount those cash flows are subject to esti-
mation uncertainty . The forecast of future cash flows is sensi-
tive to the cash flow projections for the near future (generally 
3–5 years) and to the estimated sector growth rate for the 
period beyond 3–5 years . The growth rates are based on his-
torical data, updated to reflect the current situation, which 
implies estimation uncertainty .
The rates used to discount future expected cash flows are 
based on the long-term risk-free interest rate plus a risk pre-
mium . The risk premium is based on external information of 
overall risk premiums in the relevant countries .
For information on the sensitivity to changes in relevant 
parameters, see Note G21 “Intangible assets” .
Impairment testing of loans to the 
public/credit institutions
Nordea’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans is 
described in section 14 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions” .
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment allowances . 
Nordea’s total lending before impairment allowances was 
EUR 342,646m (EUR 329,306m) at the end of the year . For 
more information, see Note G14 “Loans and impairment” .
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be received 
from the customers under different scenarios, including the 
valuation of any collateral received . Judgement is also 
applied when assigning the likelihood of the different scenar-
ios occurring .
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk . If this is the 
case, the provision should reflect the lifetime expected losses, 
as opposed to a 12-month expected loss for exposures not 
having increased significantly in credit risk . Judgement is also 
exercised in the choice of modelling approaches covering 
other parameters used when calculating the expected losses, 
such as the expected lifetime used in stage 2 as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on historical 
experience are relevant for estimating future losses .
The statistical models used to calculate provisions are 
based on macroeconomic scenarios, which requires manage-
ment to exercise judgement when identifying such scenarios 
and when assigning the likelihood of the different scenarios 
occurring . Judgement is also exercised in the assessment of 
to what extent the parameters for the different scenarios, 
based on historical experience, are relevant for estimating 
future losses .
The amortisation period for capitalised software
Internally developed software is capitalised and amortised 
over the useful life of the software . As the IT landscape devel-
ops rapidly, management exercises judgment to estimate the 
useful life of the software, which affects the yearly amortisa-
tion charge .
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
Nordea’s accounting policies for cash flow hedges are 
described in section 10 “Hedge accounting” .
One important judgement in connection with cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for effective-
ness testing .
Where Nordea applies cash flow hedge accounting the

--- Page 477 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
77
Nordea Annual Report 2019
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value . The 
currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
the currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of the interest rate risk . The hypothetical derivative 
method is used when measuring the effectiveness of these 
cash flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present value of 
the cumulative change in expected future cash flows on the 
hedged transaction (the currency component) . Critical judge-
ment has to be exercised when defining the characteristics of 
the perfect hypothetical swap .
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities 
and plan assets related to employees
Nordea’s accounting policy for post-employment benefits is 
described in section 24 “Employee benefits” . 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans is 
calculated by external actuaries using demographic assump-
tions based on the current population . As a basis for these 
calculations a number of actuarial and financial parameters 
are used .
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to uncertainty 
around whether corporate bond markets are deep enough, of 
high quality and also in connection to the extrapolation of 
yield curves to relevant maturities . In Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark the discount rate is determined with reference to 
covered bonds and in Finland with reference to corporate 
bonds . Other parameters, like assumptions about salary 
increases and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to estima-
tion uncertainty . The main parameters used at year-end are 
disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement benefit obligations” 
together with a description of the sensitivity to changes in 
assumptions . The defined benefit obligation was EUR 3,790m 
(EUR 3,494m) at the end of the year .
Actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
Nordea’s accounting policy for insurance contracts is 
described in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders” .
A valuation of insurance liabilities includes estimations and 
assumptions, both financial and actuarial . One of the impor-
tant financial assumptions is the interest rate used for dis-
counting future cash flows . Important actuarial assumptions 
are those on mortality and disability, which affect the size and 
timing of the future cash flows . The financial and actuarial 
assumptions are, to a large extent, stipulated in local legisla-
tion and therefore not under Nordea’s discretion . Also, 
assumptions about future administrative and tax expenses 
have an impact on the calculation of policyholder liabilities .
The insurance liability was EUR 15,928m (EUR 15,001m) at 
the end of the year . The carrying amount’s sensitivity to differ-
ent assumptions is disclosed in Note G29 “Liabilities to 
policyholders” .
Valuation of investment properties
Nordea’s accounting policy for investment properties is 
described in section 18 “Investment properties” .
Investment properties are measured at fair value . As there 
normally are no active markets for investment properties, the 
fair values are estimated based on discounted cash flow mod-
els . These models are based on assumptions on future rents, 
vacancy levels, operating and maintenance costs, yield 
requirements and interest rates .
The carrying amount of investment properties was EUR 
1,585m (EUR 1,607m) at the end of the year . See Note G24 
“Investment properties” for more information on amounts 
and parameters used in these models .
Assessment of expected lease terms 
and classification of leases
Nordea’s accounting policy for leases are described in section 
15 “Leasing” . 
Critical judgement has to be exercised as a lessee when 
estimating the expected lease term by considering all facts 
and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exer-
cise an extension or termination option . The expected lease 
term for contracts with no end date is estimated in the same 
way . Backstop rules on the average expected lifetime for dif-
ferent types of real estate contracts are used as a guidance 
when making the estimate for banking branches . A more 
detailed analysis is performed for larger contracts as head 
offices . The head office contracts are estimated to be more 
long term in nature than the branches where the environment 
is changing at a more rapid pace . The expected lease term of 
head office contracts is currently generally close to 25 years . 
The backstop rule of banking branches is currently limiting 
the expected lease term of contracts with no end date, or 
contracts with extension options, to 5 years . It is possible to 
deviate from the backstop rule if the circumstances show that 
it is likely that Nordea will stay for a longer/shorter period .
For a lessor, critical judgement has to be exercised when 
classifying lease contracts . A lease is classified as a finance 
lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards 
related to ownership . A lease is classified as an operating 
lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards related to ownership .
The carrying amount of the right of use asset was EUR 
1,506m at the end of the year .
More information on lease contracts can be found in Note 
G23 “Leasing” .
Classification of additional tier 1 instruments
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating . Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital . If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability . The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument . Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities . Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument .
Assessing control for consolidation purposes
One decisive variable when assessing if Nordea controls 
another entity is whether Nordea is exposed to variability in 
returns from the investment . For structured entities where 
voting rights are not the dominant factor when determining 
control, critical judgement has to be exercised when defining 
when Nordea is exposed to significant variability in returns . 
Nordea’s critical judgement is that Nordea is normally 
exposed to variability in returns when Nordea receives more 
than 30% of the return produced by the structured entity . This 
is only relevant for structured entities where Nordea is also 
the investment manager and thus has influence over the 
return produced by the structured entity .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 478 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
78
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Another judgement relating to control is whether Nordea 
acts as an agent or as a principal . For unit-linked and other 
contracts where the policyholder/depositor decides both the 
amount and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to 
act as an agent and thus does not have control .
Judgement also has to be exercised when assessing if a 
holding of a significant, but less than majority, share of voting 
rights constitute a so-called de facto control and to what 
extent potential voting rights need to be considered in the 
control assessment . Nordea’s assessment is that Nordea does 
currently not control any entities where the share of voting 
rights is below 50% .
Valuation of deferred tax assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of deferred tax 
assets is described in section 21 “Taxes” and Note G12 “Taxes” .
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by man-
agement’s assessment of Nordea’s future profitability and 
sufficiency of future taxable profits and future reversals of 
existing taxable temporary differences . These assessments 
are updated and reviewed at each balance sheet date, and 
are, if necessary, revised to reflect the current situation . 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 487m 
(EUR 164m) at the end of the year .
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within framework of the normal business operations, Nordea 
faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and disputes, most 
of which involve relatively limited amounts, as well as pos-
sible fines due to e .g . weak anti-money laundering processes 
and procedures in the past . Presently, none of the current dis-
putes are considered likely to have any significant adverse 
effect on Nordea or its financial position . As previously stated, 
Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak AML pro-
cesses and procedures in the past and has made a provision 
for ongoing AML-related matters . Nordea cannot exclude the 
possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s financial 
performance . In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation . See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity man-
agement”, Note G33 “Provisions” and Note G38 “Contingent 
liabilities” .
5. Principles of consolidation
Consolidated entities
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp and those entities that 
the parent company controls . Control exists when Nordea is 
exposed to variability in returns from its investments in 
another entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the other entity . Control is generally 
achieved when the parent company owns, directly or indi-
rectly through group undertakings, more than 50% of the vot-
ing rights . For entities where voting rights do not decide con-
trol, see section “Structured entities” below .
All group undertakings are consolidated using the acquisi-
tion method . Under the acquisition method, the acquisition is 
regarded as a transaction whereby the parent company indi-
rectly acquires the group undertaking’s assets and assumes 
its liabilities and contingent liabilities . The group’s acquisition 
cost is established in a purchase price allocation analysis . In 
such analysis, the cost of the business combination is the 
aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets 
given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments 
issued by the acquirer, in exchange for the identifiable net 
assets acquired . Costs directly attributable to the business 
combination are expensed . 
As at the acquisition date Nordea recognises the identifi-
able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their 
acquisition date fair values . 
For each business combination Nordea measures the non-
controlling interest in the acquired business either at fair 
value or at their proportionate share of the acquired identifi-
able net assets .
When the aggregate of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interest exceed the net fair value of the identifi-
able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess is 
reported as goodwill . If the difference is negative, such differ-
ence is recognised immediately in the income statement .
Equity and net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests are separately disclosed on the balance sheet, the 
income statement and the statement of comprehensive 
income .
Intra-group transactions and balances between the con-
solidated group undertakings are eliminated .
The group undertakings are included in the consolidated 
accounts as from the date on which control is transferred to 
Nordea and are no longer consolidated as from the date on 
which control ceases . 
In the consolidation process the reporting from the group 
undertakings is adjusted to ensure consistency with the IFRS 
principles applied by Nordea .
Note P21 “Investments in group undertakings” lists the 
major group undertakings in the Nordea Group .
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
The equity method of accounting is used for associated 
undertakings where the share of voting rights is between 
20% and 50% and/or where Nordea has significant 
influence . Significant influence is the power to participate 
in the financial and operating decisions of the investee 
but is not control or joint control over those policies . 
The equity method of accounting is also used for joint ven-
tures where Nordea has joint control . Joint control is the con-
tractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which 
exists only when decisions about the relevant activities 
require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control .
Investments within Nordea’s investment activities, which 
are classified as a venture capital organisation within Nordea, 
are measured at fair value in accordance with the rules set 
out in IAS 28 and IFRS 9 . Further information on the equity 
method is disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating 
income and impairment” .
Profits from companies accounted for under the equity 
method are reported post-taxes in the income statement . 
Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is not 
included in the income tax expense for Nordea .
Nordea does generally not have any sales or contribution 
of assets to or from associated undertakings or joint ventures . 
Other transactions between Nordea and its associated under-
takings or joint ventures are not eliminated .
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures” lists the major associated undertakings in the 
Nordea Group .
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity created to accomplish a nar-
row and well-defined objective where voting rights are not 
the dominant factor in determining control . Often legal 
arrangements impose strict limits on the decision-making 
powers of the management over the ongoing activities of a 
structured entity . The same consolidation requirements apply 
to these entities, but as voting rights do not decide whether 
control exists, other factors are used to determine control . 
Power can exist due to agreements or other types of influ-
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 479 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
79
Nordea Annual Report 2019
ence over a structured entity . Nordea normally has power 
over entities sponsored or established by Nordea . Nordea has 
created a number of structured entities to allow clients to 
invest in assets invested in by the structured entity . Some 
structured entities invest in tradable financial instruments, 
such as shares and bonds (mutual funds) . Structured entities 
can also invest in structured credit products or acquire assets 
from customers of Nordea, although only one such structured 
entity currently exists . Nordea is generally the investment 
manager and has sole discretion about investments and other 
administrative decisions and thus has power over these 
entities . 
Typically, Nordea will receive service and commission fees 
in connection with the creation of the structured entity, or 
because it acts as an investment manager, a custodian or in 
some other function . Such income is normally not significant 
enough to expose Nordea to variability in returns and will 
thus not trigger consolidation . In some structured entities 
Nordea has also supplied substantial parts of the funding in 
the form of fund units, loans or credit commitments . In these 
structured entities Nordea is exposed to variability in returns 
and as the power over these entities affects the return, these 
structured entities are consolidated . Nordea normally consid-
ers a share of more than 30% of the return produced by a 
structured entity to give rise to variability and thus give con-
trol . Variability is measured as the sum of fees received and 
revaluation of assets held . For unit-linked and other contracts 
where the policyholder/depositor decides both the amount 
and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to act as 
an agent and does thus not have control .
Further information about consolidated and unconsolidat-
ed structured entities is disclosed in Note G46 “Interests in 
structured entities” .
Currency translation of foreign entities/branches
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro 
(EUR) . When translating the financial statements of foreign 
entities and branches into EUR from their functional currency, 
the assets and liabilities of foreign entities and branches have 
been translated at the closing rates, while items in the income 
statement and the statement of comprehensive income are 
translated at the average exchange rate for the year . The 
average exchange rates are calculated based on daily 
exchange rates divided by the number of banking days in the 
period . Translation differences are recognised in other com-
prehensive income and are accumulated in the translation 
reserve in equity .
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acqui-
sition of group undertakings are treated as items in the same 
functional currency as the cash-generating unit to which they 
belong and are also translated at the closing rate . 
Any remaining equity in foreign branches is converted at 
the closing rates with translation differences recognised in 
other comprehensive income .
Information on the most important exchange rates is dis-
closed in the separate section 30 “Exchange rates” .
6. Recognition of operating income and impairment
Net interest income
Interest income and expense are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if considered 
appropriate, based on a method that results in an interest 
income or interest expense that is a reasonable approxima-
tion of using the effective interest rate method as the basis for 
the calculation . The effective interest includes fees considered 
to be an integral part of the effective interest rate of a finan-
cial instrument (generally fees received as compensation for 
risk) . The effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts 
the estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount of 
the financial asset or financial liability . 
Interest income and expenses from financial instruments 
are, with the exceptions described below, classified as “Net 
interest income” .
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement . Also, interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line . 
The interest component in FX swaps, and interest paid and 
received in interest rate swaps plus changes in accrued inter-
est, is classified as “Net result from items at fair value”, except 
for derivatives used for hedging, including economical hedges 
of Nordea’s funding, where such components are classified as 
“Net interest income” . 
The yield on financial assets is presented on three rows in 
the income statement, Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method, Other interest income and 
Negative yield on financial assets . On the row Interest income 
calculated using the effective interest method, Nordea pres-
ents interest income from financial assets measured at amor-
tised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income . This line item also includes the effect from hedge 
accounting relating to these assets . All other interest income 
is presented as on the income statement row “Other interest 
income“, except the negative yield on financial assets that is 
presented on a separate row . The negative yield on financial 
liabilities is also disclosed separately in the income statement .
Net fee and commission income
Nordea earns commission income from different services pro-
vided to customers . The recognition of commission income 
depends on the purpose for which the fees are received . 
The major part of the revenues classified as “Commission 
income” constitutes revenue from contracts with customers 
according to IFRS 15 . Fee income is recognised either when or 
as performance obligations are satisfied . 
Asset management commissions are generally recognised 
over time as services are performed and are normally based 
on assets under management . These fees are recognised 
based on the passage of time as the amount, and the right to 
the fee, corresponds to the value received by the customer . 
Variable fees that are based on relative performance com-
pared with a benchmark are in asset management rare, and 
they are normally fixed and recognised at least each report-
ing date . Variable fees that are not fixed on the reporting date 
cannot generally be recognised as the outcome is uncertain 
and subject to market development . 
Life & Pension commission income includes fee income, 
referred to as expense loading, from insurance contracts and 
investment contracts with policyholders . Investments con-
tracts are contracts that do not include enough insurance risk 
to be classified as insurance contracts . The expense loading is 
the part of the premium income considered to be compensa-
tion for the contract administration . The fee income is recog-
nised over time when the services are performed . These con-
tracts do generally not include any upfront fees .
Fees categorised as Deposit Products, Brokerage, securities 
issues and corporate finance, Custody and issuer service and 
Payment commissions are recognised both over time and at a 
point of time dependent on when the performance obliga-
tions are satisfied . Card fees are categorised as interchange 
fees that are recognised at a point of time when the customer 
uses the services, and cardholder fees that are recognised 
over time or at a point of time if the fee is transaction based . 
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of a 
financial instrument are recognised at a point of time . The 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 480 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
80
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
amount of loan syndication fees as well as other transaction-
based fees received are recognised at a point when the per-
formance obligation is satisfied, i .e . when the syndication or 
transaction has been performed . Fees received on bilateral 
transactions are generally amortised as part of the effective 
interest of the financial instruments recognised . 
Income from issued financial guarantees and expenses for 
bought financial guarantees are amortised over the duration 
of the instruments and classified as “Fee and commission 
income” and “Fee and commission expense”, respectively . 
Other fee income is generally transaction based .
Commission expenses are normally transaction based and 
recognised in the period when the services are received . 
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are recognised 
as an asset and amortised if the costs are expected to be 
recovered . 
Net result from items at fair value
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial instru-
ments and investment properties measured at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net result 
from items at fair value” . 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses derive from:
• Shares/participations and other share-related instruments
• Interest-bearing securities and other interest-related 
instruments
• Other financial instruments, including credit derivatives as 
well as commodity instruments/derivatives
• Foreign exchange gains/losses
• Investment properties, which include realised and unre-
alised income, for instance revaluation gains and losses . 
This line also includes realised results from disposals as 
well as the running property yield stemming from the 
holding of investment properties 
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement . Also interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line .
Also, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net 
investment hedges as well as recycled gains and losses on 
financial instruments classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value” . 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such as 
interest compensation received and realised gains/losses on 
buybacks of issued own debt .
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes losses 
from counterparty risk on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss . 
Impairment losses from instruments within other categories 
are recognised in the item “Net loan losses” or “Impairment 
of securities held as financial non-current assets” (see also 
the sub-sections “Net loan losses” and “Impairment of securi-
ties held as financial non-current assets” below) . 
Dividends received are recognised in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” and classified as 
“Shares/participations and other share-related instruments” 
in the note . Income is recognised in the period in which the 
right to receive payment is established .
The income recognition and descriptions of the lines relat-
ing to life insurance are described in section 7 “Income recog-
nition life insurance” below .
Profit from companies accounted for 
under the equity method
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is defined as the post-acquisition change in Nordea’s share 
of net assets in associated undertakings and joint ventures . 
Nordea’s share of items accounted for in other comprehensive 
income in associated undertakings and joint ventures is 
accounted for in other comprehensive income in Nordea . 
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is, as stated in section 5 “Principles of consolidation”, 
reported in the income statement post-taxes . Consequently, 
the tax expense related to this profit is excluded from the 
income tax expense for Nordea . 
Fair values are, at acquisition, allocated to the associated 
undertaking’s and the joint venture’s identifiable assets, liabil-
ities and contingent liabilities . Any difference between 
Nordea’s share of the fair values of the acquired identifiable 
net assets and the purchase price is goodwill or negative 
goodwill . Goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the 
associated undertaking and the joint venture . Subsequently 
the investment in the associated undertaking and the joint 
venture increases/decreases with Nordea’s share of the post-
acquisition change in net assets in the associated undertak-
ing and the joint venture and decreases through received div-
idends and impairment . An impairment charge can be 
reversed in a subsequent period .
The change in Nordea’s share of the net assets is generally 
based on monthly reporting from the associated undertakings 
and joint ventures . For some associated undertakings, and 
joint ventures not individually significant the change in 
Nordea’s share of the net assets is based on the external 
reporting of the associated undertakings and the joint ven-
tures and affects the financial statements of Nordea in the 
period in which the information is available . The reporting 
from the associated undertakings and the joint ventures is,  
if applicable, adjusted to comply with Nordea’s accounting 
policies .
Also, impairment on investments in associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures is classified as “Profit from companies 
accounted for under the equity method” in the income state-
ment . The policies covering impairment of financial assets 
classified into the category Amortised cost are disclosed in 
section 13 “Financial instruments” and section 14 “Loans to 
the public/credit institutions” . 
If observable indicators (loss events) indicate that an asso-
ciated undertaking or a joint ventures is impaired, an impair-
ment test is performed to assess whether there is objective 
evidence of impairment . The carrying amount of the invest-
ment in the associated undertaking or the joint venture is 
compared with the recoverable amount (higher of value in 
use and fair value less cost to sell) and the carrying amount  
is written down to the recoverable amount if required . 
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases . The carrying amount is then increased to the recover-
able amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised .
Other operating income and other expenses
Net gains from divestments of shares in group undertakings, 
associated undertakings and joint ventures and net gains on 
sale of tangible assets as well as other operating income, not 
related to any other income line, are generally recognised 
when it is probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to Nordea and if the significant risks and 
rewards have been transferred to the buyer (generally when 
the transactions are finalised) .
Resolution fees are presented as other expenses in the 
income statement .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 481 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
81
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Net loan losses
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into the 
categories Amortised cost and Fair value through other com-
prehensive income (see section 13 “Financial instruments”), in 
the items “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit institu-
tions”, “Loans to the public” and “Interest-bearing securities” 
on the balance sheet, are reported as ”Net loan losses” 
together with losses from financial guarantees . Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit enhancements . 
Nordea’s accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 14 “Loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions” .
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
including credit derivatives but excluding loans held at fair 
value as described above, are reported under “Net result from 
items at fair value” .
7. Income recognition life insurance 
Premiums received, and repayments to policyholders, related 
to the savings part of life insurance contracts are reported as 
increases or decreases of liabilities to policyholders . See fur-
ther information in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders” .
The total income from life insurance mainly consists of the 
following components:
• Cost result
• Insurance risk result
• Risk and performance margin
• Investment return on additional capital in life insurance
The result from these components is, except for the cost 
result and the risk and performance margin relating to unit-
linked and investment contracts, included in “Net result from 
items at fair value” .
The cost result is the result of expense loading from policy-
holders and is included in the item “Fee and commission 
income” together with the risk and performance margin relat-
ing to unit-linked and investment contracts . The related 
expenses are included in the items “Fee and commission 
expense” and “Operating expenses” . The policyholders’ part 
of a positive or negative cost result (profit sharing) is included 
in the note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” within Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” .
The insurance risk result consists of income from individual 
risk products and from unbundled life insurance contracts as 
well as health and personal accident insurance . The risk pre-
miums are amortised over the coverage period as the provi-
sions are reduced when insurance risk is released . A large part 
of the unbundled risk result from traditional life insurance is 
subject to profit sharing, which means that the policyholders 
receive a part of a net income or a net deficit . The risk income 
and the risk expenses are presented gross on the lines “Insur-
ance risk income, Life insurance” and “Insurance risk expense, 
Life insurance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” . 
The policyholders’ part of the result is included in the line 
“Change in technical provisions, Life insurance” in the note .
Gains and losses derived from investments in Nordea Life 
& Pensions are split between the relevant lines in Note G6 
“Net result from items at fair value” as for any other invest-
ment in Nordea . The lines include investment return on assets 
held to cover liabilities to policyholders and return on the 
additional capital allocated to Nordea Life & Pensions (Share-
holders’ capital in the Nordea Life & Pensions group) .
The note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” includes: 
• Investment returns on assets held to cover liabilities to pol-
icyholders (including liabilities from traditional life insur-
ance, unit-linked insurance and investment contracts), indi-
vidually transferred to policyholders’ accounts according to 
the contracts . 
• Additional bonus (discretionary participation feature) to 
policyholders concerning traditional life insurance con-
tracts or any other transfers to the policyholders to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any 
agreed minimum benefit to the policyholders .
• The risk and performance margin regarding traditional life 
insurance products according to local allocation rules in 
each Nordea Life & Pensions unit and according to con-
tracts with policyholders . The recognition of a risk and per-
formance margin in the income statement is mainly condi-
tional on a positive result for traditional life insurance con-
tracts . Risk and performance margins not possible to 
recognise in the current period due to poor investment 
results can, in some countries, partly or wholly be deferred 
to years with higher returns .
• The policyholders’ part of the cost- and risk result regarding 
traditional life insurance contracts or unit-linked contracts . 
The note line “Change in collective bonus potential, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” relates 
only to traditional life insurance contracts . The line includes 
policyholders’ share of investment returns not yet individual-
ised . The line includes also additional bonus (discretionary 
participation feature) and amounts needed to cover a periodi-
cal deficit between the investment result and any minimum 
benefits to the policyholders .
8. Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and derecog-
nised from (and an asset or a liability is recognised as “Other 
assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet between 
trade date and settlement date) the balance sheet on the 
trade date . Other financial instruments are recognised on the 
balance sheet on the settlement date .
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expires or are transferred to another party . The 
rights to the cash flows normally expire or are transferred 
when the counterparty has performed by e .g . repaying a loan 
to Nordea, i .e . on settlement date .
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a 
new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new 
loan are substantially different from the old loan . This is nor-
mally the case if the present value of the cash flows of the 
new loan discounted by the original interest rate is more than 
10% different from the present value of the remaining expect-
ed cash flows of the old loan . The same principles apply to 
financial liabilities . The terms and conditions are also consid-
ered to be significantly different for financial assets where the 
modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original cash flows 
were not SPPI and vice versa .
In some cases, Nordea enters into transactions where it 
transfers assets that are recognised on the balance sheet but 
retains either all or a portion of risks and rewards from the 
transferred assets . If all or substantially all risks and rewards 
are retained, the transferred assets are not derecognised from 
the balance sheet . If Nordea’s counterparty can sell or 
repledge the transferred assets, the assets are reclassified to 
the item “Financial instruments pledged as collateral” on the 
balance sheet . Transfers of assets with retention of all or sub-
stantially all risks and rewards include e .g . securities lending 
agreements and repurchase agreements .
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 482 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
82
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
sheet when the liability is extinguished . Normally this occurs 
when Nordea performs, for example when Nordea repays a 
deposit to the counterparty, i .e . on settlement date . Financial 
liabilities under trade date accounting are generally derecog-
nised and a liability is recognised as “Other liabilities” on the 
balance sheet on trade date . 
For further information, see sections “Securities borrowing 
and lending agreements” and “Repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements” within section 13 “Financial instru-
ments”, as well as Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained 
collaterals” .
9. Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies
The functional currency of each entity (subsidiary or branch) 
is decided based upon the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates . Foreign currency is defined as any 
currency other than the functional currency of the entity . For-
eign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate 
on the date of the transaction . Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date .
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of transac-
tions at rates different from those at the date of the transac-
tion, and unrealised translation differences on unsettled for-
eign currency monetary assets and liabilities, are recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value” .
10. Hedge accounting
As part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea has iden-
tified a series of risk categories with corresponding hedging 
strategies using derivative instruments, as set out in Note G2 
“Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market risk section) 
and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge accounting“ . 
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies one of 
three types of hedge accounting: 
• Fair value hedge accounting
• Cash flow hedge accounting 
• Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 
9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with 
the carve-out version of IAS 39 . 
The EU carve-out version enables a group of derivatives 
(or proportions thereof) to be viewed in combination and be 
designated as the hedging instrument . It also removes some 
of the limitations in fair value hedge accounting relating to 
hedging core deposits and under-hedging strategies . 
At inception, Nordea formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, including 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument, the nature of the risk, the risk manage-
ment objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and 
the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of 
the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis .
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge to 
be highly effective . A hedge is regarded as highly effective if 
at inception and throughout its life it can be expected that 
changes in fair value of the hedged item, as regards the 
hedged risk, can be essentially offset by changes in fair value 
of the hedging instrument . The result should be within a 
range of 80–125% .
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships .
Fair value hedge accounting
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives are 
hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability 
attributable to a specific risk in accordance with Nordea’s risk 
management policies set out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note G19 “Deriv-
atives and hedge accounting” . The risk of changes in fair 
value of assets and liabilities in Nordea’s financial statements 
originates mainly from loans, securities and deposits with a 
fixed interest rate, causing interest rate risk . Changes in fair 
value from derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are recog-
nised separately in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” . Given the hedge is effective, 
the change in fair value of the hedged item and the hedging 
instrument will offset . 
The changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable 
to the risks hedged with the derivative instrument are reflect-
ed in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged 
item, which is also recognised in the income statement . The 
fair value change of the hedged items held at amortised cost 
in a portfolio hedge of interest rate risks is reported separate-
ly from the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on the 
balance sheet .
Fair value hedge accounting in Nordea is performed mainly 
on a portfolio basis . Any ineffectiveness is recognised in the 
income statement under the item “Net result from items at 
fair value” .
Hedged items
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a recognised sin-
gle asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment or a 
portion thereof . The hedged item can also be a group of 
assets, liabilities or firm commitments with similar risk char-
acteristics . Hedged items in Nordea consist of both individual 
assets or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities .
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value . 
Hedge effectiveness
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively, Nordea 
measures the fair value of the hedging instruments and com-
pares the change in fair value of the hedging instrument to 
the change in fair value of the hedged item . The effectiveness 
measurement is made on a cumulative basis . 
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued . 
For fair value hedges, the hedging instrument is measured at 
fair value through profit and loss and the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item, up to the point when the hedge 
relationship is terminated, is amortised to the income state-
ment on a straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of 
the hedged item .
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
• Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items and 
hedging instruments
• Different interest rate curves applied to discount the 
hedged items and hedging instruments
• The effect of changes in Nordea’s or a counterparty’s credit 
risk on the fair value of the hedging instrument or hedged 
items
• Disparity between expected and actual prepayments of the 
loan portfolio 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 483 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
83
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Cash flow hedge accounting
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market 
risk section) and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge account-
ing”, cash flow hedge accounting is applied when hedging 
the exposure to variability in future interest payments on 
instruments with variable interest rates and for the hedging 
of currency exposures . The portion of the gain or loss on the 
hedging instrument, determined to be an effective hedge, is 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated 
in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity . The ineffective por-
tion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recycled 
to the item “Net result from items at fair value” in the income 
statement . 
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other comprehen-
sive income are recycled and recognised in the income state-
ment in the same period as the hedged item affects profit or 
loss, normally in the period that interest income or interest 
expense is recognised .
Hedged items
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly probable 
floating interest rate cash flows from recognised assets or lia-
bilities or from future assets or liabilities . Nordea uses cash 
flow hedges when hedging currency risk in future payments 
of interest and principal in foreign currency and when hedg-
ing interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates .
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
cross currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value, where the currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest component 
as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk . When hedging the 
interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates, 
Nordea uses interest derivatives as hedging instruments, 
which are always held at fair value .
Hedge effectiveness
The hypothetical derivative method is used when measuring 
the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow hedges, mean-
ing that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap is used as 
proxy for the present value of the cumulative change in 
expected future cash flows from the hedged transaction (the 
currency component) . 
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued . 
Changes in the unrealised value of the hedging instrument 
will prospectively from the last time it was proven effective 
be accounted for in the income statement . The cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog-
nised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result from items 
at fair value” in the income statement if the expected transac-
tion is no longer expected to occur . 
If the expected transaction is no longer highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective remains in other comprehensive income until the 
transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur .
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedg-
es are generally the same as for those for fair value hedges 
described above . However, for cash flow hedges, prepayment 
risk is less relevant, and the causes of hedging ineffectiveness 
arise from the changes in the timing and the amount of fore-
cast future cash flows . 
Hedges of net investments
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” and Note G19 “Derivatives and Hedge account-
ing”, Nordea hedges its foreign currency translation risk . 
Translation risk is defined as the risk of loss from investments 
in foreign operations which have a functional currency differ-
ent from that of the Group reporting currency (EUR) . The 
hedging instruments used by Nordea are FX forwards where 
only the spot component is designated in the hedging 
relationship . 
Translation differences on financial instruments that are 
designated hedging instruments in a hedge of a net invest-
ment in a group undertaking are recognised in other compre-
hensive income, to the extent the hedge is effective . This is 
performed in order to offset the translation differences affect-
ing other comprehensive income when consolidating the 
group undertaking into Nordea . Hedge ineffectiveness can 
arise to the extent the hedging instruments exceed in nominal 
terms the risk exposure from foreign operations . Any ineffec-
tiveness is recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value” .
See also section 9 “Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies” .
11. Determination of fair value of financial instruments
Fair value is defined as the price that at the measurement 
date would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants 
under current market conditions in the principal market for 
the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the asset or liability .
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they exist 
they are used to measure financial assets and financial liabili-
ties . An active market for the asset or liability is a market in 
which transactions for the asset or liability occur with suffi-
cient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on 
an ongoing basis . The absolute level for liquidity and volume 
required for a market to be considered active varies with the 
instrument classes . For some classes low price volatility is 
seen, also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high . For instruments in such a class the 
liquidity requirements are lower and, correspondingly, the 
age limit for the prices used for establishing fair value is 
higher .
The trade frequency and volume are monitored regularly in 
order to assess if markets are active or non-active . Nordea is 
predominantly using published price quotations to establish 
fair value for items disclosed under the following balance 
sheet items:
• Interest-bearing securities
• Shares (listed)
• Derivatives (listed)
• Debt securities in issue (issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab)
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to represent 
actual and regularly occurring market transactions or if quot-
ed prices are not available, fair value is established by using 
an appropriate valuation technique . The adequacy of the val-
uation technique, including an assessment of whether to use 
quoted prices or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular 
basis .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 484 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
84
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models . Valua-
tion models are designed to apply observable market prices 
and rates as input whenever possible but can also make use 
of unobservable model parameters . The adequacy of the val-
uation model is assessed by measuring its capability to hit 
market prices . This is done by comparison of calculated prices 
to relevant benchmark data, e .g . quoted prices from exchang-
es, the counterparty´s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc .
Nordea is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the following 
balance sheet items:
• Loans to the public (mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit  
Realkreditaktieselskab)
• Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in an 
active market are not available)
• Shares (when quoted prices in an active market are not 
available)
• Derivatives (OTC derivatives)
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated by a 
valuation technique, it is investigated whether the variables 
used in the valuation model are predominantly based on data 
from observable markets . By data from observable markets, 
Nordea considers data that can be collected from generally 
available external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices . If non-observable data has a 
significant impact on the valuation, the instrument cannot be 
recognised initially at the fair value estimated by the valua-
tion technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the con-
tractual life of the instrument . The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable data 
becomes observable .
Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments measured 
on the basis of:
• quoted prices in active markets for the same instrument 
(level 1), 
• valuation technique using observable data (level 2), and 
• valuation technique using non-observable data (level 3) .
The valuation models applied by Nordea are consistent with 
accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instru-
ments and incorporate the factors that market participants 
consider when setting a price .
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on a reg-
ular basis .
For further information, see Note G41 “Assets and liabilities 
at fair value” .
12. Cash and balances with central banks
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign cur-
rencies . Balances with central banks consist of deposits in 
accounts with central banks and postal giro systems under 
government authority, where the following conditions are 
fulfilled:
• The central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institutions are established
• The balance is readily available at any time
13. Financial instruments
Classification of financial instruments
Each financial instrument has been classified into one of the 
following categories:
Financial assets:
• Amortised cost 
• Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
 -   Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
 -   Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
• Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
Financial liabilities:
• Amortised cost 
• Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
 -   Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and loss
 -   Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on the 
business model for the portfolio where the instrument is 
included and on whether the cash flows are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI) .
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely pay-
ments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss . All other assets are classified 
based on the business model . Instruments included in a port-
folio with a business model where the intention is to keep the 
instruments and collect contractual cash flows are measured 
at amortised cost . Instruments included in a business model 
where the intention is to both keep the instruments to collect 
the contractual cash flows and sell the instruments are mea-
sured at fair value through other comprehensive income . 
Financial assets included in any other business model are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss . 
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective . To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account . When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio, Nordea has 
analysed the objective with the financial assets as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation . 
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value . The classification of financial instruments into dif-
ferent categories forms the basis for how each instrument is 
subsequently measured on the balance sheet and how 
changes in its value are recognised . In the table “Classifica-
tion of financial instruments“ in Note G40 the classification of 
the financial instruments on Nordea’s balance sheet into the 
different categories under IFRS 9 is presented .
Amortised cost
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are 
initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value, includ-
ing transaction costs . Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
instruments within this category are measured at amortised 
cost . In an amortised cost measurement, the difference 
between acquisition cost and redemption value is amortised 
in the income statement over the remaining term using the 
effective interest rate method . Amortised cost is defined as 
the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is 
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repay-
ments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the 
effective interest method of any difference between that ini-
tial amount and the maturity amount and for financial assets, 
adjusted for any loss allowance . For more information about 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 485 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
85
Nordea Annual Report 2019
the effective interest rate method see section 6, “Net interest 
income” . For information about impairment under IFRS 9, see 
section 14 below .
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised cost 
is recognised in the items “Interest income” and “Interest 
expense” in the income statement . 
This category consists of mainly all loans and deposits, 
except for reverse repurchase/repurchase agreements and 
securities borrowing/lending agreements in Markets and 
mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab . This 
category also includes interest-bearing securities mainly 
related to a portfolio of interest-bearing securities in Life & 
Pension in Norway, subordinated liabilities and debt securi-
ties in issue, except for bonds issued in Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab and issued structured bonds in 
Markets .
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through prof-
it or loss are measured at fair value, excluding transaction costs . 
All changes in fair values are recognised directly in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value” .
The category consists of two sub-categories; Mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit and loss and Designat-
ed at fair value through profit or loss (fair value option) .
The sub-category Mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains mainly all assets in Markets, 
trading liabilities in Markets, interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer, derivative instruments, 
shares, the mortgage loans in the Danish subsidiary Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab and financial assets under 
“Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts” . Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked invest-
ment contracts are contracts with customers and policyhold-
ers where the total risk is born by the policyholders . The 
deposits are invested in different types of financial asset on 
behalf of customers and policyholders . 
The major parts of the financial assets/liabilities classified 
into the category Designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are issued bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab 
and assets and liabilities in Nordea Life & Pensions . 
Liabilities in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are clas-
sified into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mis-
match . When Nordea grants mortgage loans to customers in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at 
the same time issues bonds with matching terms, so called 
“match funding” . The customers can repay the loans either 
through repayments of the principal or by purchasing the 
issued bonds and return them to Nordea as a settlement of 
the loan . The bonds play an important part in the Danish 
money market and Nordea consequently buys and sells own 
bonds in the market . The loans are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss, and if the bonds were measured at 
amortised cost, this would give rise to an accounting mis-
match . To avoid such an accounting mismatch Nordea mea-
sures the bonds at fair value with all changes in fair value, 
including changes in credit risk recognised in profit or loss . 
All assets in Nordea Life & Pensions held under investment 
contracts are classified into the category Designated at fair 
value through profit or loss to eliminate or significantly 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to the poli-
cyholders that are measured at fair value . The investment 
contracts (unit-linked) classified as “Liabilities to policyhold-
ers” on the balance sheet are managed at fair value and con-
sequently classified into the category Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss . Changes in own credit risk is recog-
nised in profit and loss as recognising this change in other 
comprehensive income would create an accounting mis-
match . Assets held under insurance contracts (defined in sec-
tion 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”), except for a portfolio of 
interest-bearing securities in Norway, are classified into the 
category Designated at fair value through profit or loss to 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to policy-
holders that are generally measured at current value .
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts that are not mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss are classified into the category Desig-
nated at fair value through profit or loss to avoid an account-
ing mismatch with the related deposits . The deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts are 
managed at fair value and consequently also classified into 
the category Designated at fair value through profit or loss . 
The value of these deposits is directly linked to assets in the 
contacts and there is consequently no effect from changes in 
own credit risk in these contracts . 
Nordea also applies the fair value option on issued struc-
tured bonds in Markets as these instruments include embed-
ded derivatives not closely related to the host contract . The 
change in fair value of these issued structured bonds is recog-
nised in profit and loss except for the changes in credit risk 
that are recognised in other comprehensive income .
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value through profit and loss in Mar-
kets and Nordea Life & Pensions are classified as “Net result 
from items at fair value” .
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are initially measured at fair value plus transaction 
costs . This category mainly consists of the interest-bearing 
securities included in part of the liquidity buffer . Changes in 
fair values, except for interest, foreign exchange effects and 
impairment losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in 
equity through other comprehensive income . Interest is rec-
ognised in the item “Interest income”, foreign exchange 
effects in “Net result from items at fair value” and impairment 
losses in the item “Net loan losses” in the income statement . 
When an instrument is disposed of, the fair value changes 
that previously have been accumulated in the fair value 
reserve in other comprehensive income are removed from 
equity and recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value” . For information about 
impairment under IFRS 9, see section 14 below .
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments are contracts con-
taining a host contract and an embedded derivative instru-
ment . Such combinations arise predominantly from the issu-
ance of structured debt instruments, such as issued index-
linked bonds .
Index-linked bonds issued by Group Treasury are consid-
ered to be part of the funding activities . The host, the zero-
coupon bond, is measured at amortised cost . The embedded 
derivatives in those instruments are separated from the host 
contract and accounted for as stand-alone derivatives at fair 
value, if the economic characteristics and risks of the embed-
ded derivative are not closely related to the economic charac-
teristics and risks of the host contract, and the embedded 
derivative meets the definition of a derivative instrument . 
Changes in fair values, of the embedded derivatives, are rec-
ognised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value” .
For structured bonds issued by Markets, Nordea applies 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 486 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
86
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
the fair value option, and the entire combined instrument, the 
host contract together with the embedded derivative, is mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss . Changes in fair val-
ues are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” and presented as “Debt securi-
ties in issue” on the balance sheet .
Securities borrowing and lending agreements
Generally, securities borrowings and securities lending trans-
actions are entered into on a collateralised basis . Unless the 
risks and rewards of ownership are transferred, the securities 
are not recognised on or derecognised from the balance 
sheet . In cases where the counterparty is entitled to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet item “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral” .
Securities in securities lending transactions are also dis-
closed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities” . 
Cash collateral advanced (securities borrowing) to coun-
terparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to 
central banks”, “Loans to credit institutions” or as “Loans to 
the public” . Cash collateral received (securities lending) from 
counterparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Depos-
its by credit institutions” or as “Deposits and borrowings from 
the public” .
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements and secu-
rities received under reverse repurchase agreements are not 
derecognised from or recognised on the balance sheet . In 
cases where the counterparty has the right to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet line “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral” .
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements are also 
disclosed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities” . 
Cash received under repurchase agreements is recognised 
on the balance sheet as “Deposits by credit institutions” or as 
“Deposits and borrowings from the public” . Cash delivered 
under reverse repurchase agreements is recognised on the 
balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” or as “Loans to the public” .
Additionally, the sale of securities received in reverse 
repurchase agreements triggers the recognition of a trading 
liability (short sale) .
Derivatives
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and mea-
sured at fair value . Derivatives with total positive fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as assets in the 
item “Derivatives” on the asset side . Derivatives with total 
negative fair values, including any accrued interest, are recog-
nised as liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side .
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from derivatives 
are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” . 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Nordea offsets financial assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the ordinary course 
of business and in case of default, bankruptcy and insolvency 
of Nordea and the counterparties, and if the intent is to settle 
the items net or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously . 
Exchange-traded derivatives are generally accounted for 
as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or received, and 
the instrument is reset to market terms . Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities against central counterparty clearing houses 
are offset on the balance sheet if the transaction currency 
and the central counterparty is the same . Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities related to bilateral OTC derivative transac-
tions are not offset on the balance sheet .
In addition, loans and deposits related to repurchase and 
reverse repurchase transaction with CCP are offset on the 
balance sheet if the assets and liabilities relate to the same 
central counterparty, are settled in the same currency and 
have the same maturity date . Loans and deposits related to 
repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions that are 
made in accordance with the Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (GMRA) are offset on the balance sheet if the 
assets and the liabilities relate to the same counterparty, are 
settled in the same currency, have the same maturity date 
and are settled through the same settlement institution .
Issued debt and equity instruments
A financial instrument issued by Nordea is either classified as 
a financial liability or equity . Issued financial instruments are 
classified as a financial liability if the contractual arrangement 
results in Nordea having a present obligation to either deliver 
cash or another financial asset or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument . If this is not the 
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and 
classified as equity, net of transaction costs . Where issued 
financial instruments contain both liability and equity compo-
nents, these are accounted for separately .
14. Loans to the public/credit institutions
Scope
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or Fair 
value through other comprehensive income are in scope for 
recognising impairment due to credit risk . This includes assets 
recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, 
Loans to credit institutions”, “Loans to the public” and “Inter-
est-bearing securities” . These balance sheet lines also include 
assets classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations . See section 13 above 
and Note G40 “Classification of financial instruments” .
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities and 
loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations .
Recognition and presentation
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an offsetting 
allowance for the expected credit losses if the loss is not 
regarded as final . The allowance account is disclosed net on 
the face of the balance sheet, but the allowance account is 
disclosed separately in the notes . Changes in the allowance 
account are recognised in the income statement and classi-
fied as “Net loan losses” .
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported as 
a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan and the 
related allowance for impairment loss are derecognised . An 
impairment loss is regarded as final when the obligor is filed 
for bankruptcy and the administrator has declared the eco-
nomic outcome of the bankruptcy procedure, or when Nordea 
forgives its claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when Nordea, for other reasons, deem it 
unlikely that the claim will be recovered . 
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are classified as 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet, with changes in provisions 
classified as “Net loan losses” .
Assets classified as Fair value through other comprehen-
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 487 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
87
Nordea Annual Report 2019
sive income are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet . 
Impairment losses calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 are 
recognised in the income statement and classified as “Net 
loan losses” . Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income” .
Impairment testing 
Nordea classifies all exposures into stages on an individual 
basis . Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no signifi-
cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, stage 2 
includes assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets . Nordea 
monitors whether there are indicators of exposures being 
credit impaired (stage 3) by identifying events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss 
event) . Nordea applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation . More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in Note G2 “Risk and 
Liquidity management” . Exposures without individually calcu-
lated allowances will be covered by the model-based impair-
ment calculation .
For significant exposures that have been individually iden-
tified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impairment 
loss is made on an individual basis . The carrying amount of 
the exposure is compared with the sum of the net present 
value of expected future cash flows . If the carrying amount is 
higher, the difference is recognised as an impairment loss . 
The expected cash flows are discounted with the original 
effective interest rate and include the fair value of the collat-
eral and other credit enhancements . The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are probability 
weighted to derive the net present value .
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impair-
ment loss is measured using the model described below but 
based on the fact that the exposures are already in default .
Model-based allowance calculation
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a statistical 
model is used for calculating impairment losses . The provi-
sions are calculated as the exposure at default times the 
probability of default times the loss given default . For assets 
in stage 1 this calculation is only based on the coming 12 
months, while it for assets in stages 2 and 3 are based on the 
expected lifetime of the asset .
The provisions for exposures where there has been no sig-
nificant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are 
based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1) . Provisions for 
exposures where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, but that are not credit 
impaired, are based on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2) . 
This is also the case for the insignificant credit impaired expo-
sures in stage 3 .
Nordea uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not . For assets 
held at transition on 1 January 2018, the change in internal 
rating and scoring data is used to determine whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not . Internal 
rating/scoring information is used to assess the risk of the 
customers and a deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an 
increase in the credit risk of the customer . Nordea has con-
cluded that it is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets already 
recognised on the balance sheet at transition . Changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) is used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition .
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea uses a 
mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the transfer 
criterion . 
• Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 45 
bps are transferred to stage 2 . 
• Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 300 
bps are transferred to stage 2 . 
• Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 
0 .5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 20 
bps are transferred to stage 2 . 
• Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 0 .5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 400 
bps are transferred to stage 2 . 
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, the 
change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to match the 
significant increase in credit risk based on lifetime PD . In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit 
impaired (stage 3) . Exposures more than 90 days past due 
will normally be classified as stage 3, but this classification 
will be rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default . Such exposures will be classified as stage 2 .
Nordea does not use the “low credit risk exemption” in the 
banking operations but uses it for a minor portfolio of inter-
est-bearing securities in the insurance operations . 
When calculating provisions, including the staging assess-
ment, the calculation is based on probability weighted for-
ward-looking information . Nordea applies three macroeco-
nomic scenarios to address the non-linearity in expected 
credit losses . The different scenarios are used to adjust the 
relevant parameters for calculating expected losses and a 
probability weighted average of the expected losses under 
each scenario is recognised as provisions . The model is based 
on data collected before the reporting date, requiring Nordea 
to identify events that should affect the provisions after the 
data is sourced to the model calculation . Management evalu-
ates these events and adjusts the provisions if deemed 
necessary .
Write-offs
A write-off is a derecognition of a loan or receivable from the 
balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit loss provision . 
When assets are considered as uncollectable, they should be 
written off as soon as possible, regardless of whether the 
legal claim remains or not . A write-off can take place before 
legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have 
been concluded in full . Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written off from the balance sheet, the customer 
remains legally obligated to pay the outstanding debt . When 
assessing the recoverability of non-performing loans and 
determining if write-offs are required, exposures with the fol-
lowing characteristics are in particular focus (list is not 
exhaustive):
• Exposures past due more than 90 days . If, following this 
assessment, an exposure or part of an exposure is deemed 
as unrecoverable, it is written off .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 488 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
88
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
• Exposures under insolvency procedure where the collater-
alisation of the exposure is low .
• Exposures where legal expenses are expected to absorb 
proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure and therefore 
estimated recoveries are expected to be low .
• A partial write-off may be warranted where there is rea-
sonable financial evidence to demonstrate an inability of 
the borrower to repay the full amount, i .e . a significant 
level of debt which cannot be reasonably demonstrated to 
be recoverable following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral .
• Restructuring cases .
Discount rate
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the original 
effective interest rate for loans attached to an individual cus-
tomer or, if applicable, to a group of loans . If considered 
appropriate, the discount rate can be based on a method that 
results in an impairment that is a reasonable approximation 
of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation .
Restructured loans and modifications
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan where 
Nordea has granted concessions to the obligor due to their 
financial difficulties and where this concession has resulted in 
an impairment loss for Nordea . After a reconstruction the loan 
is normally regarded as not impaired if it performs according 
to the new conditions . In the event of a recovery, the payment 
is reported as a recovery of loan losses . 
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial difficulties (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan . Normally this reduction is 
less than the existing provision and no loss is recognised in 
the income statement due to modifications . If significant, the 
gross amounts (loan and allowance) are reduced . 
Assets taken over for protection of claims
In a financial reconstruction the creditor may concede loans 
to the obligor and in exchange for this concession acquires an 
asset pledged for the conceded loans, shares issued by the 
obligor or other assets . Assets taken over for protection of 
claims are reported on the same balance sheet line as similar 
assets already held by Nordea . For example, a property taken 
over, not held for Nordea’s own use, is reported together with 
other investment properties .
At initial recognition, all assets taken over for protection of 
claims are recognised at fair value and the possible difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of 
the assets taken over is recognised as “Net loan losses” . The 
fair value of the asset on the date of recognition becomes its 
cost or amortised cost value, as applicable . In subsequent 
periods, assets taken over for protection of claims are valued 
in accordance with the valuation principles for the appropri-
ate type of asset . Investment properties are then measured at 
fair value . Financial assets that are foreclosed are generally 
classified into the categories Fair value through profit or loss 
and measured at fair value . Changes in fair values are recog-
nised in the income statement under the line “Net result from 
items at fair value” .
Any change in value, after the initial recognition of the 
asset taken over, is presented in the income statement in line 
with the Group’s presentation policies for the appropriate 
asset . The item ”Net loan losses” in the income statement is, 
after the initial recognition of the asset taken over, conse-
quently not affected by any subsequent remeasurement of 
the asset .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
15. Leasing
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases . A 
finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease . The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income . The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease . 
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment . Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income” . The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated based on Nordea’s deprecia-
tion policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement . 
Nordea as lessee
At inception Nordea assesses whether a contract is or con-
tains a lease . A lease is a contract that conveys the user the 
right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration . 
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is recognised 
on the commencement date as a right of use (ROU) assets 
and the obligation to pay lease payments is recognised as a 
lease liability . The ROU assets is initially measured as the 
present value of the lease payments plus initial direct costs 
and the cost of obligations to refurbish the asset less any 
lease incentives received . Non-lease components are sepa-
rated . The discount rate used to calculate the lease liability for 
each contract is the incremental borrowing rate at com-
mencement of the contract . In significant premises contracts 
the rate implicit in the contract may be used if available . 
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets and 
the lease liabilities as “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet . 
The depreciation policy is consistent with that of similar 
owned assets, but the depreciation period is normally capped 
at the end of the lease term . Impairment testing of the righ of 
use assets is performed following the same principles as for 
similar owned assets . Interest expense on lease liabilities is 
presented as “Interest expense” in the income statement . 
The assets are classified as Land and buildings and Equip-
ment . Equipment mainly comprises vehicles and IT hardware . 
Nordea applies the practical expedient for short-term con-
tracts (with a contract term of 12 months or less) both for 
Land and buildings and for Equipment . The practical expedi-
ent for low value assets is applied on Equipment . Short-term 
and low value contracts are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and the payments are recognised as expenses in the 
income statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term unless another systematic way better 
reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit . 
Leases are mainly related to office premises contracts but 
also to company cars, IT hardware and other assets normal to 
the business . The premises are mainly divided into banking 
branches and headoffices . The premises contracts are actively 
managed with focus on the effective use of the premises and 
the changes in the business environment . The lease payments 
generally include fixed payments and especially in premises 
contracts also variable payments that depend on an index .

--- Page 489 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
89
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Residual value guarantees, or purchase options are generally 
not used .
The lease term is the expected lease term . This comprises 
the non-cancellable period of lease contracts and any options 
that Nordea is reasonably certain to exercise . The length of 
contracts with no end date is estimated by considering all 
facts and circumstances . 
The expected lease term of most of the premises contracts 
is 1–10 years whereas the expected lease term of the main 
head office contracts in the Nordic countries is 15–25 years . 
These contracts generally have renewal options .
Embedded leases
Agreements can contain a right to use an asset in return for a 
payment, or a series of payments, although the agreement is 
not in the legal form of a leasing contract . If applicable, these 
assets are separated from the contract and accounted for as 
leased assets .
16. Intangible assets
Intangible assets are identifiable, non-monetary assets with-
out physical substance . The assets are under Nordea’s control, 
which means that Nordea has the power and rights to obtain 
the future economic benefits flowing from the underlying 
resource . The intangible assets in Nordea mainly consist of 
goodwill, IT development/computer software and customer-
related intangible assets .
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition 
over the fair value of Nordea’s share of net identifiable assets 
of the acquired group undertaking/associated undertaking/
joint venture at the date of acquisition . Goodwill on acquisi-
tion of group undertakings and joint ventures is included in 
“Intangible assets” . Goodwill on acquisitions of associated 
undertaking is not recognised as a separate asset but includ-
ed in “Investments in associated undertakings” . Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired . 
Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment loss-
es . Impairment losses on goodwill cannot be reversed in sub-
sequent periods . Goodwill related to associated undertakings 
and joint ventures is not tested for impairment separately but 
included in the total carrying amount of the associated under-
takings and the joint ventures . The policies covering impair-
ment testing of associated undertakings and joint ventures 
are disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating income 
and impairment” .
IT development/Computer software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software pro-
grams are expensed as incurred . Costs directly associated 
with major software development investments, with the abil-
ity to generate future economic benefits, are recognised as 
intangible assets . These costs include software development 
staff costs and overhead expenditures directly attributable to 
preparing the asset for use . Computer software also includes 
acquired software licences not related to the function of a 
tangible asset .
Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the 
useful life of the software, generally a period of 3 to 5 years, 
and in some circumstances for strategic infrastructure up to a 
maximum of 10 years .
Customer-related intangible assets
In business combinations a portion of the purchase price is 
normally allocated to a customer-related intangible asset, if 
the asset is identifiable and under Nordea’s control . An intan-
gible asset is identifiable if it arises from contractual or legal 
rights, or could be separated from the entity and sold, trans-
ferred, licenced, rented or exchanged . The asset is amortised 
over its useful life, generally over maximum 10 years .
Impairment 
Goodwill and IT development not yet taken into use are not 
amortised but tested for impairment annually irrespective of 
any indications of impairment . Impairment testing is also per-
formed more frequently if required due to any indication of 
impairment . The impairment charge is calculated as the dif-
ference between the carrying amount and the recoverable 
amount . 
At each balance sheet date, all intangible assets with defi-
nite useful lives, including IT development taken into use, are 
reviewed for indications of impairment . If such indications 
exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying 
amount of the intangible asset is fully recoverable . 
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the asset or the cash-gen-
erating unit, which is defined as the smallest identifiable 
group of assets that generate largely independent cash flows 
in relation to other assets . For goodwill and IT development 
not yet taken into use, the cash generating units are defined 
as the operating segments . The value in use is the present 
value of the cash flows expected to be realised from the asset 
or the cash-generating unit . The cash flows are assessed 
based on the asset or cashgenerating unit in its current condi-
tion and discounted at a rate based on the long-term risk-free 
interest rate plus a risk premium . If the recoverable amount is 
less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recog-
nised . See Note G21 “Intangible assets” for more information 
on the impairment testing .
17. Properties and equipment
Properties and equipment include own-used properties, 
leasehold improvements, IT equipment, furniture and other 
equipment . Items of properties and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses . The cost of an item of properties and 
equipment comprises its purchase price as well as any direct-
ly attributable costs of bringing the asset to the working con-
dition for its intended use . When parts of an item of property 
and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items .
Properties and equipment are depreciated on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets . The esti-
mates of the useful life of different assets are reassessed on a 
yearly basis . Below follow the current estimates:
Buildings
30–75 years
Equipment
3–5 years
Leasehold 
improvements
Changes within buildings the shorter of 10 
years and the remaining leasing term . New 
construction the shorter of the principles 
used for owned buildings and the remaining 
leasing term . Fixtures installed in leased 
properties are depreciated over the shorter of 
10–20 years and the remaining leasing term .
At each balance sheet date, Nordea assesses whether there is 
any indication that an item of property and equipment may 
be impaired . If any such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the asset is estimated, and any impairment loss is 
recognised .
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 490 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
90
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
increases . The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised .
18. Investment properties
Investment properties are primarily properties held to earn 
rent and/or capital appreciation . The majority of the proper-
ties in Nordea are attributable to Nordea Life & Pensions . 
Nordea applies the fair value model for subsequent measure-
ment of investment properties . The best evidence of a fair 
value is normally given by quoted prices in an active market 
for similar properties in the same location and condition . As 
these prices are rarely available, discounted cash flow projec-
tion models based on reliable estimates of future cash flows 
are also used . 
Net rental income, gains and losses as well as fair value 
adjustments are recognised directly in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” .
19. Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders include obligations according to 
insurance contracts and investment contracts with policy-
holders for all the companies in Nordea Life & Pensions, 
including companies in Sweden, Norway, Finland and 
Denmark .
An insurance contract is defined as “a contract under 
which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance 
risks from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future 
event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder” .
Investment contracts are contracts with policyholders that 
have the legal form of insurance contracts but where the 
insurance risk transfer has been assessed to be insignificant .
The insurance risk is generally calculated as the risk sum 
payable as a percentage of the reserve behind the contract  
at the beginning of the contract period .
The contracts can be divided into the following classes:
• Insurance contracts:
 -   Traditional life insurance contracts with and without  
discretionary participation feature
 -  Unit-linked contracts with significant insurance risk
 -  Health and personal accident
•  Investment contracts:
 -   Investment contracts with discretionary participation 
feature
 -   Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
feature
Insurance contracts 
The measurement principles under local GAAP have been 
maintained, consequently resulting in a non-uniform account-
ing policies method on consolidation .
The measurement of traditional life insurance provisions in 
Denmark and Finland are prepared by calculating the present 
value of future benefits to which the policyholders are enti-
tled . The calculation includes assumptions about market con-
sistent discounting rates as well as expenses and life risk . The 
discount rate is based on the liabilities’ current term . In Den-
mark, the provision also includes bonus potential on paid pol-
icies and on future premiums .
In Norway the traditional life insurance provisions are 
mainly calculated on the basis of a prospective method . The 
discount rate used is equal to the original tariff rates adjusted 
for assumptions about expenses and risk . 
The accounting policy for each company is based on the 
local structure of the business and is related to the solvency 
rules and national regulation concerning profit sharing and 
other requirements about collective bonus potential (not allo-
cated provisions that protect the policyholders) .
Unit-linked contracts represent life insurance provisions 
relating to Unit-linked policies written either with or without 
an investment guarantee . Unit-linked contracts classified as 
insurance contracts include the same insurance risk elements 
as traditional insurance contracts . These contracts are mainly 
recognised and measured at fair value on the basis of: 
• the fair value of the assets linked to the Unit-linked con-
tracts, and
• the estimated present value of the insurance risk which is 
calculated in the same way as traditional insurance con-
tracts considering the impact on every risk element includ-
ed in the cash flows .
Health and personal accident provisions include premium 
reserves and claims outstanding . This item is recognised and 
measured on deferred basis, the same principle as used for 
general insurance contracts . 
Investment contracts 
Contracts classified as investment contracts are contracts 
with policyholders which do not transfer sufficient insurance 
risk to be classified as insurance contracts and are written 
with an investment guarantee or a discretionary participation 
feature .
Investment contracts with discretionary participation fea-
tures are, in line with IFRS 4, accounted for as insurance con-
tracts using local accounting principles . Nordea Life & Pen-
sion has only a small number of these contracts .
Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features are recognised and measured at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, equal to fair value of the assets linked to 
these contracts . These assets are classified into the category 
Designated at fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch .
Discretionary participating features (DPF)
Some traditional life insurance contracts and investment con-
tracts include a contractual right for the policyholder to 
receive significant benefits in addition to guaranteed benefits . 
Nordea has discretion to pay these additional benefits as 
bonus on risk result, expense result and interest rate . These 
DPF contracts (collective bonus potential) are classified as 
liabilities on the balance sheet .
Collective bonus potential includes amounts allocated but 
not attributed to the policyholders . In Finland, collective 
bonus potential includes the policyholder’s part of the total 
unrealised investment gains and bonus potential on paid poli-
cies and future premiums (the difference between retrospec-
tive and market consistent prospective measurement prin-
ciples of the insurance contracts) . In Norway, collective bonus 
potential includes the policyholder’s part of both the total 
unrealised investment gains and additional reserves . In Swe-
den and Denmark, the main valuation principle is fair value 
(insurance contracts) . The policyholder’s part of both realised 
and unrealised investment gains is therefore included on the 
balance sheet representing either “Change in technical provi-
sions, Life insurance” and/or “Change in collective bonus 
potentials, Life insurance”, depending on whether the invest-
ment result is allocated or not . Both the mentioned lines are 
included on the balance sheet line “Liabilities to 
policyholders” .
Liability adequacy test
The adequacy of insurance provisions is assessed at each 
reporting date to ensure that the carrying amount of the liabili-
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 491 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
91
Nordea Annual Report 2019
ties is higher than the best estimate of future cash flows dis-
counted with current interest rates . If needed, additional provi-
sions are accounted for and recognised in the income statement . 
20. Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked investment contracts
Deposit in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts are contracts with customers and policyholders where 
the total risk is borne by the customers or the policyholders . 
The deposits are invested in different types of financial assets 
on behalf of the customers and policyholders . 
Unit-linked investment contracts include investment con-
tracts written without any investment guarantees and that do 
not transfer sufficient insurance risk to be classified as insur-
ance contracts .
The assets and deposits in these contracts are recognised 
and measured at fair value as described in section 13 “Finan-
cial instrument” above .
21. Taxes
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement com-
prises current and deferred income tax . The income tax 
expense is recognised in the income statement, unless the tax 
effect relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case the tax effect is rec-
ognised in other comprehensive income or in equity 
respectively . 
Current tax is the expected tax expense on the taxable 
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax pay-
able in respect of previous years .
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using the 
balance sheet method, for temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation pur-
poses . Deferred tax assets are recognised for the carry for-
ward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits . Deferred 
tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising on ini-
tial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither account-
ing nor taxable profit, nor for differences relating to invest-
ments in group undertakings, associated undertakings and 
joint ventures to the extent that it is probable that they will 
not reverse in the foreseeable future . In addition, deferred tax 
is not recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on 
the initial recognition of goodwill .
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, 
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date . Deferred tax assets and liabili-
ties are not discounted . A deferred tax asset is recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences, tax 
losses carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised . 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and 
are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised . 
Tax positions are regularly reviewed to identify situations 
where it is not probable that the relevant tax authorities will 
accept the treatment used in the tax filings . Uncertain tax 
positions are considered independently or as a group, 
depending on which approach better predicts the resolution 
of the uncertainty . If Nordea concludes it is not probable that 
the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, 
the effect of uncertainty is reflected when determining the 
related taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits or tax rates . This is done by using either 
the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on 
which method better predicts the outcome of the uncertainty . 
Uncertain tax treatment can affect both current tax and 
deferred tax .
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to recover 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously . Deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities are generally offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities .
22. Provisions
Provisions (which are presented as a liability) are recognised 
when Nordea has a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
as a result of a past event if it is probable (i .e . more likely than 
not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic ben-
efits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation . 
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of the reporting period .
Provisions relating to Employee benefits are further 
described in section 24 and provisions relating to Financial 
guarantees contract and credit commitments are described in 
section 26 .
23. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit 
or loss attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp by 
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the period . 
Diluted earnings per share are determined by adjusting the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for 
the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, consisting 
of rights to performance shares in the long-term incentive 
programmes and contracts on Nordea shares that can be set-
tled in Nordea shares, i .e . derivatives such as options and 
warrants and their equivalents . Such contracts affect diluted 
earnings per share when and only when the average price of 
ordinary shares during the period exceeds the exercise price 
of the options or warrants (i .e . they are in the money) . 
The potential ordinary shares are only considered to be 
dilutive, on the balance sheet date, if all performance condi-
tions are fulfilled and if a conversion to ordinary shares would 
decrease earnings per share . The rights are furthermore con-
sidered dilutive only when the exercise price, with the addi-
tion of future services, is lower than the period’s average 
share price .
24. Employee benefits
All forms of consideration given by Nordea to its employees 
as compensation for services performed are employee ben-
efits . Short-term benefits are to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period when the services have 
been performed . Post-employment benefits are benefits pay-
able after the termination of the employment . Post-employ-
ment benefits in Nordea consist only of pensions . Termination 
benefits normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if an employee accepts an offer 
of voluntary redundancy .
Short-term benefits
Short-term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable salary . 
Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in the period when 
the employees have performed services to Nordea . Nordea has 
also issued share-based payment programmes, which are further 
described in section 27 “Share-based payment” . 
More information can be found in Note G8 “Staff costs” .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 492 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
92
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Post-employment benefits
Pension plans
The companies within Nordea have various pension plans, 
consisting of both defined benefit pension plans and defined 
contribution pension plans, reflecting national practices and 
conditions in the countries where Nordea operates . Defined 
benefit pension plans are predominantly sponsored in Swe-
den, Norway and Finland . The major defined benefit pension 
plans are funded schemes covered by assets in pension 
funds/foundations . If the fair value of plan assets, associated 
with a specific pension plan, is lower than the gross present 
value of the defined benefit obligation determined using the 
projected unit credit method, the net amount is recognised as 
a liability (“Retirement benefit liabilities”) . If not, the net 
amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement benefit 
assets”) . Non-funded pension plans are recognised as 
“Retirement benefit liabilities “ .
Most pensions in Denmark, but also plans in other coun-
tries, are based on defined contribution arrangements that 
hold no pension liability for Nordea . All defined benefit pen-
sion plans are closed for new employees . Nordea also con-
tributes to public pension systems .
Pension costs
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are recog-
nised as an expense as the employee renders services to the 
entity and the contribution payable in exchange for that ser-
vice becomes due . Nordea’s net obligation for defined benefit 
pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by esti-
mating the amount of future benefit that employees have 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods . That 
benefit is discounted to determine its present value . Actuarial 
calculations including the projected unit credit method are 
applied to assess the present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions and related costs, based on several actuarial and finan-
cial assumptions (as disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement ben-
efit obligations”) . 
When establishing the present value of the obligation and 
the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement effects may 
arise as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions and 
experience effects (actual outcome compared to assump-
tions) . The remeasurement effects are recognised immedi-
ately in equity through other comprehensive income . 
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised 
asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the 
plan .
Social security contribution is calculated and accounted for 
based on the net recognised surplus or deficit by plan and is 
included on the balance sheet as “Retirement benefit liabili-
ties” or “Retirement benefit assets” .
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans
The discount rate is determined by reference to high-quality 
corporate bonds, where a deep enough market for such 
bonds exists . Covered bonds are in this context considered to 
be corporate bonds . In countries where no such market exists 
the discount rate is determined by reference to government 
bond yields . In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the discount 
rate is determined with reference to covered bonds and in 
Finland with reference to corporate bonds . In Sweden, Nor-
way and Denmark the observed covered bond credit spreads 
over the swap curve are derived from the most liquid long-
dated covered bonds and extrapolated to the same duration 
as the pension obligations using the relevant swap curves . In 
Finland the corporate bond credit spread over the govern-
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
ment bond rate is extrapolated to the same duration as the 
pension obligation using the government bond curve . 
Termination benefits
As mentioned above termination benefits normally arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, 
or if an employee accepts an offer of voluntary redundancy . 
Termination benefits do not arise if the employees have to 
continue performing services and the termination benefits 
can be considered to be normal compensation for those 
services . 
Termination benefits are expensed when Nordea has an 
obligation to make the payment . An obligation arises when 
there is a formal plan committed to on the appropriate organ-
isational level and when Nordea is without realistic possibility 
of withdrawal, which normally occurs when the plan has 
been communicated to the group affected or to their 
representatives . 
Termination benefits can include both short-term benefits, 
for instance a number of months’ salary, and post-employ-
ment benefits, normally in the form of early retirement . Short-
term benefits are classified as “Salaries and remuneration” 
and post-employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note G8 
“Staff costs” . 
25. Equity
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests comprise the portion of net assets 
of group undertakings not owned directly or indirectly by 
Nordea Bank Abp .
For each business combination, Nordea measures the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets .
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating . Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital . If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability . The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument . Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities . Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument .
Nordea determines payments on financial instrument clas-
sified as equity (i .e . Additional Tier 1 instruments) as distribu-
tions of profits and for that reason such payments are 
accounted for as dividends . 
Invested unrestricted equity/Share premium reserve
The reserve consists of the difference between the subscrip-
tion price and the quota value of the shares in Nordea’s rights 
issue . Transaction costs in connection to the rights issue have 
been deducted .
Other reserves
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net after tax 
effects, which are reported in equity through other compre-
hensive income . These reserves include reserves for cash flow

--- Page 493 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
93
Nordea Annual Report 2019
hedges, financial assets classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit pension 
plans, as well as a reserve for translation differences . 
Retained earnings
Apart from undistributed profits from previous years, retained 
earnings include the equity portion of untaxed reserves . 
Untaxed reserves according to national rules are accounted 
for as equity net of deferred tax at prevailing tax rates in the 
respective country .
In addition, Nordea’s share of the earnings in associated 
undertakings and joint ventures, after the acquisition date, 
that have not been distributed is included in retained 
earnings .
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are not accounted for as assets . Acquisitions 
of treasury shares are recognised as a deduction of “Retained 
earnings” on the balance sheet . Also, own shares in trading 
portfolios are classified as treasury shares . Divested treasury 
shares are recognised as an increase of “Retained earnings” .
Contracts on Nordea shares that can be settled net in cash, 
i .e . derivatives such as options and warrants and their equiva-
lents, are either presented as financial assets or financial 
liabilities .
26. Financial guarantee contracts 
and credit commitments
Upon initial recognition, premiums received in issued finan-
cial guarantee contracts and credit commitments are recog-
nised as prepaid income on the balance sheet . The guaran-
tees and irrevocable credit commitments are subsequently 
measured and recognised as a provision on the balance sheet 
at the higher of either the received fee less amortisation, or 
an amount calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 . Changes in 
provisions are recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net loan losses” . 
Premiums received for financial guarantees are, as stated 
in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and impair-
ment”, amortised over the guarantee period and recognised 
as “Fee and commission income” in the income statement . 
Premiums received on credit commitments are generally 
amortised over the loan commitment period . The contractual 
amounts are recognised off-balance sheet, net of any provi-
sions . Financial guarantees are disclosed in the item “Contin-
gent liabilities” and irrevocable credit commitments in the 
item “Commitments” .
27. Share-based payment
Equity-settled programmes
Nordea has issued programmes where employees participat-
ing in these programmes are granted share-based equity-set-
tled rights, i .e . rights to receive shares for free or to acquire 
shares in Nordea at a significant discount compared to the 
share price at grant date . The value of such rights is 
expensed . The expense is based on the estimated fair value of 
each right at grant date . The total fair value is the original fair 
value per right times the best estimate of rights that will 
eventually vest, which is reassessed at each reporting date . 
The fair value is expensed on a straight-line basis over the 
vesting period . The vesting period is the period that the 
employees have to remain in service in Nordea in order for 
their rights to vest . Market performance conditions in Perfor-
mance Share II are reflected as a probability adjustment to 
the initial estimate of fair value at grant date . There is no 
adjustment (true-up) for differences between estimated and 
actual vesting due to market conditions . 
Social security costs are also allocated over the vesting 
period . The provision for social security costs is reassessed on 
each reporting date to ensure that the provision is based on 
the rights’ fair value at the reporting date .
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs” .
Cash-settled programmes
Nordea has to defer payment of variable salaries under Nordic 
FSA’s regulations and general guidelines, as is also the case 
with the Executive Incentive Programme (EIP) . The deferred 
amounts are to some extent indexed using Nordea’s TSR 
(Total Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” are 
cash-settled share-based programmes . These programmes 
are fully vested when the payments of variable salaries are ini-
tially deferred, and the fair value of the obligation is remea-
sured on a continuous basis . The remeasurements are, togeth-
er with the related social charges, recognised in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value” . 
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs” .
28. Related party transactions
Nordea defines related parties as:
• Shareholders with significant influence
• Associated undertakings and joint ventures
• Key management personnel
• Other related parties
All transactions with related parties are made on an arm’s 
length basis, apart from loans granted to employees as well 
as certain other commitments to key management, see
Note G8 “Staff costs” and Note G38 “Contingent liabilities” .
Shareholders with significant influence
Shareholders with significant influence are shareholders that 
have the power to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of Nordea but do not control those policies .
Associated undertakings and joint ventures
For the definition of associated undertakings and joint ven-
tures, see section 5 “Principles of consolidation” . 
Further information on the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures included in the Nordea Group is found in 
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and joint 
ventures” .
Key management personnel
Key management personnel includes the following positions:
• Board of Directors
• Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
• Group Leadership Team (GLT)
For information about compensation, pensions and other 
transactions with key management personnel, see Note G8 
“Staff costs” . 
Other related parties
Other related parties comprise close family members to indi-
viduals in key management personnel . Other related parties 
also include companies significantly influenced by key man-
agement personnel in the Nordea Group as well as compa-
nies significantly influenced by close family members to key 
management personnel . Other related parties also include 
Nordea’s pension foundations .
Information concerning transactions between Nordea and 
other related parties is found in Note G45 “Related-party 
transactions” .
G1. Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 494 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
94
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G1. Accounting policies, cont.
29. Presentation of disposal groups held for sale
Assets and liabilities related to disposal groups are presented 
on the separate balance sheet lines “Assets held for sale” and 
“Liabilities held for sale”, respectively, as from the classifica-
tion date . Financial instruments continue to be measured 
under IFRS 9, while non-financial assets are held at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value . Comparative figures are 
not restated .
30. Exchange rates
Jan–Dec 2019
Jan–Dec 2018
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10 .5848
10 .2608
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10 .4563
10 .2330
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7 .4661
7 .4533
Balance sheet (at end of year)
7 .4717
7 .4672
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
9 .8499
9 .6033
Balance sheet (at end of year)
9 .8463
9 .9470
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
72 .4524
74 .0484
Balance sheet (at end of year)
69 .7096
79 .3826

--- Page 495 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
95
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in 
Nordea’s business strategies. Nordea has defined clear risk, 
liquidity and capital management frameworks, including poli-
cies and instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy 
and capital structure.
Internal Control Framework
The Internal Control Framework covers the whole Group and 
it sets out the Group Board’s and senior executive manage-
ment’s responsibilities towards internal control, all Group 
Functions and Business Areas including outsourced activities 
and distribution channels. Under the Internal Control Frame-
work, all Business Areas, Group Functions and units are 
responsible for managing the risks they incur in conducting 
their activities and to have controls in place that aim to ensure 
compliance with internal and external requirements. As part 
of the Internal Control Framework, Nordea has established 
Group Control Functions with appropriate and sufficient 
authority, independence and access to the Group Board to ful-
fil their mission, as well as the Risk Management Framework.
The Internal Control Framework ensures effective and effi-
cient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks, prudent conduct of business, sound 
administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of finan-
cial and non-financial information (both internal and exter-
nal) and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, stan-
dards, supervisory requirements and the Group internal rules.
The internal control process is carried out by the governing 
bodies, risk management functions, management and other 
staff at Nordea. The internal control process is based on five 
main components: control environment, risk assessment, con-
trol activities, information and communication as well as 
monitoring. The internal control process is created to ensure 
the necessary fundamentals for the entire organisation to 
contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of internal 
control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of 
roles and responsibilities and common tools and procedures.
Governing bodies for risk, liquidity 
and capital management 
The Group Board, the Board Risk Committee (BRIC), the Pres-
ident of Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Group Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the Asset and 
Liability Committee (ALCO) and the Risk Committee (RC) are 
the key decision-making bodies for risk, liquidity and capital 
management in Nordea. In addition, the CEO Credit Commit-
tee, the Executive Credit Committee and Business Area Credit 
Committees are the key bodies for Credit decision-making. 
Board of Directors and Board Risk Committee
The Group Board has following overarching risk management 
responsibilities.
• It decides on the Group risk strategy and the Risk Appetite 
Framework, including the Risk Appetite Statements, with at 
least annual reviews and additional updates when needed.
• It decides on and oversees an adequate and effective Risk 
Management Framework and regularly evaluates whether 
the Group has effective and appropriate controls to man-
age the risks. 
The Group Board decides on the Group Board Directive on 
Capital including dividend policy, which ensures adequate 
capital levels within the Group, on an ongoing and forward-
looking basis consistent with Nordea’s business model, risk 
appetite and regulatory requirements and expectations.
The Board Risk Committee (BRIC) assists the Group Board in 
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities concerning management 
and control of the risk, risk frameworks, controls and processes 
associated with the Group’s operations, including credit, market, 
liquidity, business, life and operational risk, as well as conduct 
and compliance risk and related frameworks and processes. 
President and Chief Executive Officer
The Group CEO is responsible to the Group Board for the 
overall management of the Group's operations and risks. 
Responsibilities include ensuring that the risk strategy and 
risk management decided by the Group Board is implement-
ed, the necessary practical measures are taken and risks are 
monitored and limited. The Group CEO is working together 
with heads of Business Areas and certain heads of Group 
Functions within GLT for the purposes of supporting the 
Group CEO’s decision-making.
Group-wide committees have been established in order to 
promote coordination within the Group, thus ensuring com-
mitment to and ownership of Group-wide prioritizations, 
decisions and implementation. The composition and the areas 
of responsibility of each committee are established in the 
Group Board Directives or Group CEO Instructions for the 
respective committees.
Asset and Liability Committee
The Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) is subordinated to 
the Group CEO in GLT and chaired by the Chief Financial Offi-
cer (CFO). ALCO decides on changes to the financial opera-
tions and the risk profile of the balance sheet, including asset 
and liability management (ALM), balance sheet management 
and liquidity management. ALCO also decides on certain issu-
ances and capital injections for all wholly-owned legal enti-
ties within the Group. ALCO has established sub-committees 
for its work and decision-making within specific risk areas. 
Risk Committee
Risk Committee (RC) is sub-ordinated to the Group CEO in 
GLT and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). It has been 
established in order to manage the overall Risk Management 
Framework and prepares or provides guidance regarding 
proposals to the Group CEO in GLT and/or the relevant Board 
of Directors (BoD) on issues of major importance concerning 
Nordea’s Risk Management Framework. Given the BoD decid-
ed Risk Appetite Framework, RC decides on the allocation of 
cascaded risks limits to risk-taking units and on actions relat-
ing to the management of all risks. The first line of defence 
(1st LoD) is responsible for ensuring that limits are further 
cascaded and operationally implemented. RC has established 
sub-committees for its work and decision-making within spe-
cific risk areas. 
Credit decision-making bodies
The governing bodies for Credit Risk and/or the Credit Risk 
Management Framework are the Group Board and BRIC. The 
Group Board and the local BoD delegate credit decision-mak-
ing according to the Powers to Act as described in the Group 
Board Directive for Risk:
• CEO Credit Committee is chaired by the Group CEO and its 
members include the members of the Executive Credit 
Committee.
• Executive Credit Committee is chaired by the Head of 
Group Credit Management, and BRIC appoints the mem-
bers of the Executive Credit Committee.
• The Executive Credit Committee establishes credit commit-
tees for each Business Area as required by organisational 
and customer segmentation.
BRIC reviews decisions of the CEO Credit Committee and the 
Executive Credit Committee, as well as other strategic credit 
policy matters and development of the credit portfolio. BRIC 
confirms Industry Group Strategies approved by the RC.
All credit limits within the Nordea Group are based on

--- Page 496 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
96
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
credit decisions or authorizations made by an ultimate Deci-
sion-Making Authority with the right to decide upon that 
limit. Credit decisions include, inter alia, pricing, risk mitiga-
tion and any terms and conditions related to the limit or 
expected utilization. Credit decisions also serve to delegate 
decision making within the approved limit to lower decision 
makers, unless otherwise explicitly decided.
Subsidiary governance
At subsidiary level, the local BoD is responsible for approving 
risk appetite limits and capital actions. The proposals for such 
items are the joint responsibilities of relevant subsidiary man-
agement and Group Functions. 
The subsidiary BoD has oversight responsibilities concern-
ing the management and control of risk, risk management 
frameworks as well as the processes associated with the sub-
sidiary’s operations. In addition, there are risk management 
functions responsible for the risk management framework 
and processes within the subsidiary. 
The subsidiary CEO is part of the decision-making process 
at the subsidiary level and is responsible for the daily 
operations.
Governance of Risk Management and Compliance
Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) represents Nordea’s inde-
pendent second line of defence (2nd LoD) function. GRC 
oversees the implementation of the financial and the non-
financial risk policies and according to a risk-based approach, 
monitors and controls the Risk Management Framework 
including the Compliance Risk Framework and oversees that 
risks that Nordea is or could be exposed to, are identified, 
assessed, monitored, managed and reported on. GRC is 
organised in divisions with individual risk type responsibility.
Risk and Capital Management Processes
The Risk Management Framework ensures consistent pro-
cesses for identifying, assessing and measuring, responding 
to and mitigating, controlling and monitoring and reporting 
risks to enable informed decisions on risk-taking. The Risk 
Management Framework encompasses all risks to which 
Nordea is or could be exposed, including off-balance sheet 
risks and risks in a stressed situation. Detailed risk informa-
tion, covering all risks as well as capital adequacy, is regularly 
reported to the RC, GLT, BRIC and the Group Board. In addi-
tion to this Nordea’s compliance with regulatory requirements 
is reported to the GLT and the Group Board. The Group Board 
and the CEO in each legal entity regularly receive local risk 
reporting.
The Risk Identification and Materiality Assessment Process 
starts with identifying potential risks to which Nordea is or 
could be exposed. Risks are then assessed for relevance, clas-
sified, and included in the Common Risk Taxonomy.
All risks within the Nordea Common Risk Taxonomy need 
to be classified as material or not material for risk manage-
ment and capital purposes. Material risks are those assessed 
as having a material impact on Nordea’s current and future 
financial position, its customers and stakeholders. These risks 
will typically, though not always, refer to a higher-level risk 
within the Risk Taxonomy which captures a number of under-
lying risks in which losses arise from a common source. 
Risk appetite
The Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) supports effective risk 
management and a sound risk culture by enabling informed 
decisions on risk-taking, with the objective of ensuring that 
risk-taking activities are conducted within the organisation’s 
risk appetite and that emerging risks are identified and 
addressed in a timely way.
Risk capacity is the maximum level of risk Nordea is 
deemed able to assume given its capital (own funds), its risk 
management and control capabilities and its regulatory con-
straints. Risk appetite is the aggregate level and types of risk 
Nordea is willing to assume within its risk capacity, in line 
with its business model, to achieve its strategic objectives. 
The Risk Appetite Statements (RAS) are the articulation of 
the Group Board approved risk appetite and comprises the 
qualitative statements and quantitative Limits and Triggers by 
main risk type, which are deemed appropriate to be able to 
operate with a prudent risk profile. 
Credit concentration metrics cover e.g. sectors and geo-
graphic regions of size or importance. Stress test metrics are 
applied to credit, market and liquidity risk metrics to ensure a 
forward-looking approach to risk management. Operational 
risk metrics cover both residual risk levels and requirements 
for mitigating actions as well as limits for incidents and 
losses. 
Risk appetite processes
The RAF contains all processes and controls to establish, 
monitor and communicate Nordea’s risk appetite:
• Risk capacity setting based on capital position: On an 
annual basis, the Group’s overall risk capacity is aligned 
with the financial and capital planning process, based on 
Nordea’s risk strategy. Risk capacity is set in line with 
Nordea’s capital position, including an appropriate shock 
absorbing capacity.
• Risk appetite allocation by risk type: Risk appetite includes 
Risk Appetite Limits for the main risk types that Nordea is 
or could be exposed to in line with the Risk Taxonomy. Risk 
Appetite Triggers are also set for these main risk types, to 
act as early indicators for key decision-makers that the risk 
profile for a particular risk type is approaching its Risk 
Appetite Limit.
• Risk limit setting: Measurable risk limits are established 
and set at an appropriate level to manage risk-taking 
effectively. Risk Appetite Limits are set by the Group Board. 
These inform the risk limits which are established and 
approved at lower decision-making levels at Nordea, 
including RC and sub-RC levels, and also other levels as 
appropriate. Subsidiary risk limits must be set by the 
appropriate governing body in alignment with local regula-
tory requirements and consistent with the Group Risk 
Limits.
• Controlling and monitoring risk exposures against risk lim-
its: Regular controlling and monitoring of risk exposures 
compared to risk limits is carried out to ensure that risk-
taking activity remains within risk appetite.
• Risk appetite limit breach management process: GRC over-
sees that any Risk Appetite Limit breaches are appropri-
ately escalated to RC and BRIC. GRC reports monthly on 
any breaches of the risk appetite to the Group Board and 
other relevant governing bodies including a follow-up on 
the status of actions to be taken, until the relevant risk 
exposure is within appetite. The reporting includes a con-
sistent status indicator to communicate the current risk 
exposure compared to Risk Appetite Limit for all risk types 
covered by the RAS.
Embedding risk appetite in business processes
The end-to-end risk appetite process cycle is aligned with 
other strategic processes, including the Internal Capital Ade-
quacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), Internal Liquidity Ade-
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 497 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
97
Nordea Annual Report 2019
quacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery and 
Resolution Plan. 
Moreover, the risk appetite is embedded in business pro-
cesses and communicated across the organisation in order to 
meet Nordea’s objectives of maintaining a sound risk culture. 
This includes but is not limited to ensuring a strong link 
between the assessed risk appetite and the business plans 
and budgets, the capital and liquidity position, the systemic 
risk profile, the recoverability and resolvability assessments 
as well as the incentive structures and remuneration 
framework.
Disclosure requirements of the CRR – Capital 
and Risk Management Report 2019
Additional information on risk and capital management is 
presented in the Capital and Risk Management Report 2019, 
in accordance with the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR), which is based on the Basel III framework issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The report is 
available at www.nordea.com.
Credit Risk management
Credits granted within the Group shall conform to the com-
mon principles established for the Group. Nordea strives to 
have a well-diversified credit portfolio that is adapted to the 
structure of its home markets and economies.
The key principles for managing Nordea’s risk exposures are:
• the three Lines of Defence (LoD), as further described in 
the Policy for Internal Control in the Nordea Group;
• independency, i.e. the risk control function should be inde-
pendent of the business it controls; and
• risk-based approach, i.e. the risk control functions should 
be aligned to the nature, size and complexity of Nordea’s 
business, ensuring that efforts undertaken are proportional 
to the risks in question.
Group Credit Management in 1st LoD is responsible for the 
credit process framework and operational credit risk guide-
lines and SOPs. Group Credit Risk Control in 2nd LoD is 
responsible for the credit risk framework, consisting of poli-
cies and instructions for the Group. Group Credit Risk Control 
is also responsible for controlling and monitoring the quality 
of the credit portfolio and the credit process.
The basis of credit risk management in Nordea is limits to 
customers and customer groups that are aggregated and 
assigned to units responsible for their continuous monitoring 
and development. An additional dimension of concentration 
risk limits, based on industries, segments, products or geogra-
phies, shall likewise be aggregated, assigned to units respon-
sible for their monitoring and development and serve as caps 
on those limits. Each division/unit is primarily responsible for 
managing the credit risks in its operations within the appli-
cable framework and limits, including identification, control 
and reporting.
Within the powers to act granted by the Board of Directors, 
Internal credit risk limits are approved by credit decision mak-
ing authorities on different levels in the organisation consti-
tuting the maximum risk appetite on the customer in ques-
tion. Individual credit decisions within the approved internal 
credit risk limit are taken within the customer responsible unit 
(CRU). The risk categorisation together with the exposure of 
the customer decides at what level the credit decision will be 
made. Responsibility for a credit risk lies with the customer 
responsible unit. Customers are risk-categorized by a rating 
or score in accordance with Nordea’s rating and scoring 
guidelines. The rating and scoring of customers aim to predict 
their probability of default and consequently rank them 
according to their respective default risk. Rating and scoring 
are used as integrated parts of the credit risk management 
and decision-making process. Representatives from 1st LoD 
credit organization approve the rating independently.
Credit risk definition and identification 
Credit risk is defined as the potential for loss due to failure of 
a borrower(s) to meet its obligations to clear a debt in accor-
dance with agreed terms and conditions. The potential for 
loss is lowered by credit risk mitigation techniques. Credit risk 
stems mainly from various forms of lending, but also from 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit Committee Structure 
Board of Directors / Board Risk Committee
Chief Executive Officer Credit Committee / Executive Credit Committee
Business Banking Group Credit Committee 
*Large Corporates & Institutions Credit Committee 
Personal Banking and Private Banking Country Credit Committees 
Local Credit Committees Business Banking
Private Banking 
Global Credit 
Committee
 Banks & 
Countries  
CC
*Large 
 Corporates & 
Institutions 
Local CC
Personal Banking 
Nordic Credit 
Committee
Shipping 
Offshore and 
Oil Services 
CC
Business Banking 
Country Credit 
Committees
LBO Credit Committee
REMI Credit Committee
Financial  
Inst. Group  
CC
Russia  
CC
Russia  
Local  
CC
Four-eyes principle
Personal Powers to Act
There is currently an additional Baltic Desk Credit Committee on level 4. This committee handles carve out cases from the merger to Luminor.  
This committee will continue to exist as long as there are remaining customers to handle, or until other decision is taken.
*Reflects organisational name change as of 1 January 2020.

--- Page 498 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
98
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
issued guarantees and documentary credits and includes 
counterparty credit risk, transfer risk and settlement risk. 
Nordea’s loan portfolio is furthermore broken down by seg-
ment, industry and geography. Industry credit policies are 
established for those industries that have a significant weight 
in the portfolio and are either highly cyclical or volatile or 
require special industry competencies.
Credit decisions are reached after a credit risk assessment, 
based on principles that are defined consistently across the 
Group. These principles emphasize the need to adjust the 
depth and scope of the assessment according to the risk. The 
same credit risk assessments are used as input for determining 
the internal ratings. Credit decisions in Nordea reflect Nordea’s 
view of both the customer relationship and credit risk.
All credit assessments in Nordea shall adequately reflect a 
consideration of relevant environmental, social and govern-
mental risks and conform to the Nordea Sustainability Policy. 
The total credit risk assessment shall be a combined risk con-
clusion on the obligor’s repayment capacity and the Group’s 
recovery position. The risk conclusion must be sufficiently for-
ward-looking as compared to the risk profile of the customer 
and maturity of the transaction.
In addition to credit risk assessment in conjunction with 
new or changed exposure towards a customer, an annual or 
continuous credit review process is in place. The review pro-
cess is an important part of the continuous credit analysis 
process.
If credit weakness is identified in relation to a customer 
exposure, the customer is categorized as “High Risk” and 
receives special attention in terms of more frequent reviews. 
In addition to continuous monitoring, an action plan is estab-
lished outlining how to minimise the potential credit loss. If 
necessary, a work-out team is set up to support the customer 
responsible unit.
Credit risk mitigation
Credit risk mitigation is an inherent part of the credit decision 
process. In every credit decision and review, the valuation of 
collaterals is considered as well as the adequacy of covenants 
and other risk mitigations. Pledge of collateral is a fundamen-
tal credit risk mitigation technique in the bank and collaterals 
are always sought, when reasonable and possible, to mini-
mize the potential for credit losses. In every credit decision 
and review, the value of collaterals must be considered.
In corporate exposures, the main collateral types are real 
estate, floating charges and leasing objects. Collateral cover-
age should generally be higher for exposures of financially 
weaker customers than for those who are financially strong. 
Independent from the strength of collateral position, the 
repayment capacity is the starting point in credit assessment 
and assigning credit limits. Regarding large exposures, syndi-
cation of loans is the primary tool for managing concentration 
risk, while credit risk mitigation using credit default swaps is 
applied to a limited extent. Covenants in credit agreements 
are an important complement to both secured and unsecured 
exposures. Most exposures of substantial size and complexity 
include appropriate covenants. Financial covenants are 
designed to react to early warning signs and are carefully 
monitored.
The collateral value shall always be based on the market 
value. The market value is defined as the estimated amount 
for which the asset or liability would exchange on the date of 
valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an 
arm’s length transaction, after proper marketing and where 
the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and 
without compulsion. From this market value, a haircut is 
applied. The haircut is defined as a percentage by which the 
asset’s market value is reduced ensuring a margin against 
loss. The margin reflects the adjustments needed to assess 
the cash proceeds when the collateral is liquidated in a forced 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Maximum exposure to credit risk
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Note
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
G14
11,627
6,110
15,287
3,689
Loans to the public
G14
247,395
77,514
236,497
73,833
Interest-bearing securities
G15, G16
33,269
38,813
36,951
46,841
Derivatives
G19
–
39,111
–
37,025
Off balance sheet items
G38, G39
91,776
200
89,495
175
Total
384,067
161,748
378,230
161,563
Allowances for credit risk
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
G14
14
15
Loans to the public
G14
2,169
2,025
Interest-bearing securities measured  
at fair value through other compre-
hensive income or amortised cost
G15
1
2
Off balance sheet items
G33
144
121
Total
2,328
2,163

--- Page 499 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
99
Nordea Annual Report 2019
sale situation. A maximum collateral ratio is set for each col-
lateral type.
The same principles of calculation must be used for all 
exposures. For High Risk customers, the foreclosure value 
may differ from the maximum collateral values and should be 
based on a realistic assessment for the particular asset at that 
time. Risk transfer to other creditworthy parties, through 
guarantees and insurance, shall be based on legally enforce-
able documentation.
Collateral distribution 
Distribution of collateral has remained stable between 2019 
and 2018, with the majority of the collateral stemming from 
residential and commercial real estate. The shares of financial 
collateral, receivables, and other physical collaterals have 
slightly decreased during 2019, while the share of commercial 
real estate has increased by 2% in 2019.
Collateral distribution
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Financial Collateral
0.8%
1.1%
Receivables
0.7%
0.9%
Residential Real Estate
73.2%
72.9%
Commercial Real Estate
18.7%
18.3%
Other Physical Collateral
6.6%
6.8%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
Assets taken over for protection of claims
The table below presents assets taken over distributed by 
asset type. Lands and buildings make up 87% of the total 
assets taken over end of December 2019. During 2019 the 
Assets have been brought down by 57%. The level of assets 
taken over is at a low level and has been so for several years.
Assets taken over for protection of claims1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Current assets, carrying amount:
Land and buildings
8
19
Shares and other participations
0
0
Other assets
1
2
Total
9
21
1) In accordance with Nordea’s policy for taking over assets for protection of claims, 
which is in compliance with the local Banking Business Acts, wherever Nordea is 
located. Assets used as collateral for the loan are generally taken over when the cus-
tomer is not able to fulfil its obligations to Nordea. The assets taken over are at the 
latest disposed when full recovery is reached. 
 
Loan-to-value 
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure 
to evaluate collateral's quality, i.e. the credit extended divided 
by the market value of the collateral pledged. In the table, 
IRB retail mortgage exposures are distributed by LTV buckets 
based on the LTV ratio. 
Loan-to-value
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retail mortgage exposure
EURbn
%
EURbn
%
<50%
113.6
81
110.9
81
50–70%
20.3
14
19.6
14
70–80%
4.5
3
4.3
3
80–90%
1.2
1
1.2
1
>90%
0.9
1
0.6
1
Total
140.5
100
136.6
100
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Individual and collective assessment of impairment 
Requirements for impairment are set forth in IFRS 9, and are 
based on an expected loss model.
Impairment testing (individual and collective) applies to 
three forward looking and weighted scenarios. Assets tested 
for impairment are divided into three groups depending on 
the stage of credit deterioration. Stage 1 includes assets 
where there has been no significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 2 includes assets where there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets. 
All assets are assessed individually for staging. Significant 
assets in stage 3 are tested for impairment individually. Assets 
in stage 1, stage 2 and insignificant assets in stage 3 are test-
ed for impairment collectively. 
Throughout the process of identifying and mitigating credit 
impairment, Nordea continuously reviews the quality of credit 
exposures. Weak and credit impaired exposures are closely 
monitored and reviewed at least on a quarterly basis in terms 
of current performance, business outlook, future debt service 
capacity, and the possible need for provisions.
Nordea recognises only certain specific credit risk adjust-
ments (SCRAs). SCRAs comprise individually and collectively 
assessed provisions. SCRAs during the year are referred to as 
loan losses, while SCRAs in the balance sheet are referred to 
as allowances and provisions.
Individual provisioning 
A need for individual provisioning is recognised if, based on 
credit events and observable data, a negative impact is likely 
on the customer’s expected future cash flow to the extent 
that full repayment is unlikely (pledged collaterals taken into 
account).
Exposures with individually assigned provisions are credit 
impaired. The size of the provision is equal to the estimated 
loss, which is the difference between the book value of the 
outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the 
expected future cash flow, including the value of pledged 
collateral.
Default 
Customers with exposures that are past due more than 90 
days, being in bankruptcy or considered unlikely to pay are 
regarded as defaulted and can be either servicing debt or 
non-servicing.
If a customer recovers from being in default, the customer 
is seen as cured. Typically, this situation occurs if the customer 
succeeds in creating a balance in financials. In order to be 
cured, the recovery should include the customer’s total liabili-
ties, an established satisfactory repayment plan and an 
assessment that the recovery is underway.
Collective provisioning 
The collective model is executed quarterly and assessed for 
each legal unit/branch. One important driver for provisions is 
the trigger for the transferring of assets from stage 1 to stage 
2. For assets recognised from 1 January 2018, changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) are used as the trigger. In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2. In stage 1, the provisions equal the 12 
months expected loss. In stages 2 and 3, the provisions equal 
the lifetime expected loss. The output is complemented with 
an expert-based analysis process to ensure adequate provi-
sioning. Defaulted customers without individual provisions 
have collective provisions.

--- Page 500 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
100
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Forbearance 
Forbearance is eased terms or restructuring due to the bor-
rower experiencing or about to experience financial difficul-
ties. The intention with granting forbearance for a limited 
time period is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding 
debt. Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation 
profile, repayment schedule, customer margin as well as ease 
of financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on a selec-
tive and individual basis, approved according to Powers to 
Act and followed by impairment testing. Forborne exposures 
can be performing or non-performing. Individual loan loss 
provisions are recognised if necessary. 
Forbearance
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forborne loans
2,992
3,561
- of which defaulted
1,984
2,267
Allowances for individually assessed impaired 
and forborne loans
679
714
- of which defaulted
664
693
Key ratios
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forbearance ratio1
0.9%
1.1%
Forbearance coverage ratio2
23%
20%
- of which defaulted
33%
31%
1) Forborne loans/Loans before allowances. 
2) Individual allowances/Forborne loans.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Sensitivities
2019
2018
EURm
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Personal Banking
412
566
339
472
Business Banking
1,038
1,184
998
1,145
Large Corporates & Institutions
868
945
752
838
Other
10
20
74
84
Group
2,328
2,715
2,163
2,539
Sensitivities
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is to assess what constitutes a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk. To understand the sensitivities to 
these triggers, Nordea has calculated model-based provisions 
under two different scenarios: 
Scenario 1
Scenario 2
Retail portfolios
Relative threshold
50%
150%
Absolute 12-month threshold
35 bp
55 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
250 bp
350 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
Non-Retail portfolios 
Relative threshold
100%
200%
Absolute 12-month threshold
15 bp
25 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
350 bp
450 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
1)  For exposures with initial recognition before the transition to IFRS 9 (1 Jan 2018), 
stage classification is decided based on changes in rating grades. The trigger in sce-
nario 1 is set at one notch less than in the model actually used and in scenario 2 the 
trigger is set at one notch more than in the model used.
The provisions would have increased by EUR 38m in scenario 
1 and decreased by EUR 44m in scenario 2. For more informa-
tion on the rating scale and average PDs, see table “Rating/
scoring information on loans measured at amortised cost” 
below.
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if trig-
gers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on 
provisions from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in 
the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all 
exposures as well as the impact of transferring exposures 
from stage 1 to stage 2 that reach the trigger. It also includes 
the impact from the exposures with one rating grade above 
default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 141m 
(EUR 120m). This figure is based on calculations with the sta-
tistical model rather than individual estimates that would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans.

--- Page 501 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
101
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Forward looking information
Forward looking information is used both for assessing sig-
nificant increase in credit risk and in the calculation of expect-
ed credit losses. Nordea estimates three macro-economic sce-
narios, a baseline together with an upside and a downside 
scenario.
The baseline macroeconomic and financial scenario is pro-
vided by Nordea Advisory & Analytics based on an Oxford 
Economics model. The macro economic forecast is a combi-
nation of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thor-
ough checks and quality control processes. The model has 
been built to give a good description of the historic relation-
ships between economic variables and to capture the key 
linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the 
model is ten years and for periods beyond, a long-term aver-
age is used.
The definition of the upside and downside scenarios are 
based on Oxford Economics’ quarterly Global Risk Survey. In 
this survey respondents report what they see as the top 
upside and downside global economic risks over the next two 
years. Based on these answers Oxford Economics create a 
number of global economic scenarios, each simulating a 
potential materialisation of one of these top risk factors. 
Oxford Economics also assign a probability to each scenario, 
based on the Global Risk Survey. Nordea use these scenarios 
and probabilities from Oxford Economics when defining the 
upside and downside scenarios. For 2019, the following 
weights have been applied: base 60%, adverse 20% and 
favourable 20%. The model results are assessed and, if need-
ed, adjusted by Nordea’s country responsible macro and 
financial analysts, using judgement based on previous similar 
episodes to ensure consistency across countries and asset 
prices. Adjustments are for instance needed when certain 
industries are impacted, or when sanctions are placed on 
individual countries, but changes have not yet been reflected 
in rating migrations.
Checks of the model results are performed by reviewing 
quantitative data before and after reactions. As part of the pro-
cess to ensure accurate and consistent data deliveries from 
Nordea’s economists, the data is also subject to a number of 
statistical tests.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 502 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
102
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Scenarios and provisions
Denmark
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.1
2.1
2.1
237
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.5
3.2
3.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.7
1.5
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
3.8
3.4
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.7
2.0
239
60%
240
123
454
817
Unemployment, % 
3.8
3.8
3.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.6
1.9
Change in house 
prices, %
2.0
2.6
3.0
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.9
0.9
1.4
245
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.9
4.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
1.3
1.4
Change in house 
prices, %
1.8
2.1
1.8
Finland
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.5
1.7
1.3
182
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.4
6.3
6.4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.9
1.2
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
1.3
1.5
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.1
0.9
185
60%
185
26
262
473
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.0
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
0.9
1.1
1.1
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.8
0.5
0.4
187
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
7.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
0.9
1.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
0.8
0.3

--- Page 503 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
103
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Norway
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.2
2.3
2.0
94
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.3
3.0
2.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.6
1.8
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.6
4.3
4.0
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.0
1.8
1.7
97
60%
98
86
322
506
Unemployment, % 
3.4
3.4
3.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.3
2.0
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.5
3.8
3.8
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.3
1.0
1.3
104
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.7
4.1
4.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.5
1.6
2.0
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
0.0
1.7
Sweden
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.7
2.7
2.6
96
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.7
6.3
5.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.8
2.6
2.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.6
3.3
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.9
2.3
97
60%
97
12
171
280
Unemployment, % 
6.9
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
2.0
2.2
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.4
2.9
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.3
1.7
98
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.9
7.0
7.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.0
1.6
2.9
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
1.8
2.9
Non-Nordic
15
2
235
252
Total
635
249
1,444
2,328
Scenarios and provisions, cont.

--- Page 504 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
104
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,992
2,055
1,996
7,731
14
644
15,428
2,418
Crops etc
3,410
171
21
90
0
7
3,698
2,738
Animal husbandry
2,358
111
9
79
0
0
2,558
1,916
Fishing and aquaculture
41
8
1,220
1
0
0
1,271
10
Paper, forest and mining
279
867
147
824
16
69
2,202
199
Oil, gas and offshore
451
74
848
246
0
320
1,940
1
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,714
741
521
662
0
84
3,723
650
Media, leisure and telecom
1,235
893
550
1,387
2
0
4,068
961
Consumer durables
203
309
95
731
0
159
1,497
68
Retail trade
929
971
490
1,066
0
18
3,473
557
Land transportation and IT
883
1,308
681
929
19
100
3,920
417
Materials
266
459
236
680
231
5
1,877
58
Capital goods
617
1,583
151
648
128
135
3,262
89
Commercial & prof. services
3,462
1,137
3,184
3,342
0
274
11,400
1,236
Construction
1,312
1,173
3,051
976
0
60
6,572
851
Wholesale trade
1,753
1,130
474
1,533
7
52
4,950
225
Maritime (shipping)
396
246
4,864
106
0
2,113
7,726
121
Utilities and public services
1,224
1,868
1,036
3,560
84
56
7,829
3,054
Real estate commercial properties
6,893
4,211
7,524
7,018
3
707
26,356
5,815
Real estate residential properties
3,634
3,862
1,529
8,491
0
0
17,517
2,554
Other industries
1,165
0
100
94
0
0
1,358
1,051
Total Corporate
35,219
23,179
28,728
40,194
501
4,804
132,625
24,986
Housing loans
33,395
29,939
33,499
44,956
0
0
141,789
33,395
Collateralised lending
7,838
5,385
2,582
2,419
0
0
18,225
244
Non-Collateralised lending
1,087
3,168
578
2,317
0
0
7,151
0
Household
42,321
38,492
36,659
49,692
0
0
167,164
33,639
Public sector
1,131
1,331
28
1,572
0
0
4,062
0
Reversed repurchase agreements
0
18,889
0
0
0
0
18,889
18,889
Lending to the public by country
78,671
81,891
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
322,740
77,514
Excl. reversed repurchase agreements
78,671
63,002
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
303,851
58,625
1) Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.

--- Page 505 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
105
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,982
1,903
1,682
7,570
0
134
14,271
3,147
Crops etc
3,666
153
17
76
0
8
3,920
2,902
Animal husbandry
2,706
109
11
79
0
3
2,908
2,094
Fishing and aquaculture
32
8
1,130
7
0
0
1,176
9
Paper, forest and mining
297
961
175
930
36
85
2,484
227
Oil, gas and offshore
583
82
486
437
7
359
1,953
203
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,310
723
465
673
1
62
3,234
655
Media, leisure and telecom
1,200
908
508
1,130
2
1
3,748
990
Consumer durables
205
353
79
671
4
162
1,473
77
Retail trade
1,092
988
394
955
0
35
3,465
587
Land transportation and IT
900
1,161
654
961
9
115
3,800
427
Materials
253
576
254
749
393
8
2,232
57
Capital goods
542
1,137
91
757
183
73
2,783
87
Commercial & prof. services
3,550
1,245
2,264
2,925
1
278
10,263
1,241
Construction
1,278
1,035
2,418
996
0
74
5,801
817
Wholesale trade
2,169
1,094
543
1,826
10
35
5,676
223
Maritime (shipping)
298
328
4,895
132
0
2,583
8,236
85
Utilities and public services
3,466
2,155
913
2,752
213
144
9,643
3,632
Real estate commercial properties
6,480
4,247
7,260
6,886
18
852
25,743
5,424
Real estate residential properties
3,371
3,716
1,810
8,524
0
0
17,420
2,367
Other industries
160
0
327
0
0
0
488
488
Total Corporate
36,539
22,880
26,377
39,036
876
5,009
130,717
25,738
Housing loans
31,354
29,268
27,894
43,581
0
130
132,227
31,354
Collateralised lending
8,012
5,356
1,685
2,294
0
55
17,402
30
Non-Collateralised lending
1,147
3,218
117
2,919
0
0
7,400
0
Household
40,512
37,841
29,697
48,794
0
185
157,029
31,384
Public sector
1,514
843
44
1,447
0
0
3,848
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
16,711
0
0
0
0
16,711
16,711
Lending to the public by country
78,566
78,274
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
308,304
73,833
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
78,566
61,564
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
291,594
57,122
 1) Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
22,243
1,427
804
51
175
488
23,759
Finland
56,852
4,710
1,309
20
66
344
62,441
Norway
57,530
2,769
1,142
36
45
527
60,834
Sweden
79,460
1,426
429
16
35
187
81,077
Russia
1,005
1
44
1
0
40
1,009
US
1,835
14
4
2
1
0
1,850
Other
13,190
323
878
25
20
91
14,256
Total
232,115
10,670
4,610
150
342
1,677
245,226
1) Based on domicile of the customers.

--- Page 506 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
106
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
12,668
302
127
13,097
9
20
58
87
13,010
Crops etc
862
85
54
1,001
2
10
30
41
960
Animal husbandry
499
69
193
760
2
10
108
119
642
Fishing and aquaculture
1,201
24
37
1,263
0
1
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
1,875
107
44
2,027
1
3
20
23
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
1,474
17
747
2,238
1
0
298
299
1,939
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,916
144
33
3,094
2
5
13
20
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
2,925
170
54
3,149
2
6
33
42
3,107
Consumer durables
1,276
135
47
1,458
1
6
22
29
1,429
Retail trade
2,677
221
88
2,985
4
17
49
69
2,917
Land transportation and IT
3,167
303
74
3,544
2
9
29
40
3,504
Materials
1,704
78
117
1,899
4
5
71
80
1,819
Capital goods
2,896
251
110
3,256
1
9
73
84
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
9,646
355
273
10,274
8
15
86
109
10,164
Construction
5,294
399
119
5,812
5
12
74
91
5,721
Wholesale trade
4,261
429
94
4,784
4
20
36
59
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
7,000
175
706
7,881
24
22
230
276
7,605
Utilities and public services
4,701
60
34
4,795
2
1
16
19
4,775
REMI
34,457
932
224
35,614
15
14
81
110
35,504
Other
291
23
7
322
7
7
0
14
308
Total Corporate
101,789
4,280
3,183
109,251
95
191
1,327
1,612
107,639
Housing loans
103,768
4,047
630
108,446
10
13
29
52
108,393
Collateralised lending
16,569
1,221
444
18,233
26
48
186
260
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
5,952
1,095
354
7,401
19
89
134
242
7,159
Household
126,289
6,363
1,427
134,079
55
149
350
554
133,525
Public sector
4,038
27
0
4,065
0
2
0
2
4,062
Lending to the public  
by country
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
23,454
1,622
1,171
33
116
641
25,457
Finland
54,318
5,810
1,258
25
95
338
60,928
Norway
48,184
3,481
911
18
24
263
52,271
Sweden
76,274
2,141
247
12
18
60
78,572
Russia
1,356
38
56
18
0
39
1,394
US
1,547
84
6
1
1
0
1,634
Other
12,093
1,513
931
33
34
255
14,215
Total
217,225
14,690
4,581
141
289
1,596
234,471
1) Based on domicile of the customer.

--- Page 507 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
107
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
10,402
464
285
11,151
19
9
0
27
11,124
Crops etc
878
94
93
1,065
1
6
40
48
1,018
Animal husbandry
580
133
248
962
1
7
139
147
814
Fishing and aquaculture
1,142
23
3
1,168
0
0
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
2,115
150
49
2,314
8
4
45
57
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
1,296
73
555
1,924
8
1
165
174
1,757
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,407
147
57
2,612
1
4
28
33
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
2,611
140
41
2,792
2
5
26
33
2,761
Consumer durables
1,288
94
37
1,419
1
3
19
22
1,398
Retail trade
2,503
333
142
2,978
3
13
84
100
2,881
Land transportation and IT
2,921
419
70
3,410
6
8
23
37
3,371
Materials
1,789
376
60
2,225
5
19
25
49
2,170
Capital goods
2,377
280
123
2,780
1
4
79
84
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
8,344
461
307
9,112
6
12
71
90
9,021
Construction
4,416
525
128
5,069
3
11
72
86
4,983
Wholesale trade
4,984
386
168
5,538
3
9
74
86
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
6,654
1,008
677
8,338
16
18
154
188
8,150
Utilities and public services
5,808
192
18
6,018
6
2
0
8
6,006
REMI
34,238
1,014
234
35,487
11
10
94
115
35,372
Other
0
148
67
215
3
6
206
216
0
Total Corporate
97,004
6,254
3,298
106,696
103
151
1,344
1,598
104,978
Housing loans
94,787
5,540
649
100,976
10
43
50
103
100,873
Collateralised lending
15,812
1,375
375
17,562
16
38
136
190
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
6,079
1,196
258
7,533
11
56
65
133
7,400
Household
116,678
8,110
1,282
126,071
37
137
252
425
125,645
Public sector
3,729
119
0
3,849
0
1
0
1
3,848
Lending to the public  
by country
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471

--- Page 508 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
108
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
92
16
5
14
0
0
127
9
Crops etc
52
2
0
0
0
0
54
79
Animal husbandry
178
13
1
1
0
0
193
214
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
37
0
0
0
37
0
Paper, forest and mining
17
21
6
0
0
0
44
6
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
307
79
0
360
747
0
Consumer staples (food and health care)
4
20
5
4
0
0
33
2
Media, leisure and telecom
4
35
3
11
0
0
54
0
Consumer durables
37
6
0
4
0
0
47
0
Retail trade
38
25
6
19
0
0
88
6
Land transportation and IT
8
25
33
4
0
3
74
1
Materials
2
67
6
42
0
0
117
6
Capital goods
20
74
1
15
0
0
110
2
Commercial & prof. services
29
23
62
79
0
80
273
2
Construction
21
66
23
10
0
0
119
3
Wholesale trade
44
28
18
5
0
0
94
1
Maritime (shipping)
49
6
406
0
0
245
706
0
Utilities and public services
1
2
28
2
0
0
34
0
REMI
60
103
58
2
0
0
224
86
Other industries
3
0
4
0
0
0
7
0
Total Corporate
662
532
1,010
291
0
688
3,183
418
Housing loans
0
440
134
56
0
0
630
304
Collateralised lending
188
182
67
7
0
0
444
0
Non-Collateralised lending
49
178
71
56
0
0
354
0
Household
237
799
272
119
0
0
1,427
304
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722

--- Page 509 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
109
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
195
8
64
19
0
0
285
0
Crops etc
91
1
0
0
0
0
93
75
Animal husbandry
241
6
1
0
0
0
248
54
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
2
0
0
0
3
0
Paper, forest and mining
21
25
2
1
0
0
49
5
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
183
0
0
372
555
167
Consumer staples (food and health care)
6
46
2
4
0
0
57
17
Media, leisure and telecom
7
22
5
7
0
0
41
25
Consumer durables
23
10
0
3
0
0
37
2
Retail trade
93
24
8
17
0
0
142
15
Land transportation and IT
12
25
31
2
0
0
70
11
Materials
3
45
5
0
4
2
60
2
Capital goods
16
95
1
9
2
0
123
3
Commercial & prof. services
88
24
58
55
0
82
307
32
Construction
39
50
28
11
0
0
128
21
Wholesale trade
72
31
14
50
0
1
168
6
Maritime (shipping)
51
7
348
1
0
270
677
2
Utilities and public services
7
3
4
2
2
0
18
6
REMI
82
84
66
2
0
0
234
200
Other industries
2
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
Total Corporate
1,048
508
822
184
9
728
3,298
645
Housing loans
0
438
127
53
0
32
649
330
Collateralised lending
148
178
32
4
0
12
375
0
Non-Collateralised lending
34
162
8
54
0
0
258
0
Household
182
778
167
111
0
44
1,282
330
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975

--- Page 510 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
110
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio,%
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
27
21
127
97
104
83
81
24
13,010
Crops etc
16
171
54
550
30
56
23
7
960
Animal husbandry
23
359
193
2,454
144
75
126
18
642
Fishing and aquaculture
0
1
37
295
1
4
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
–3
–15
44
219
26
59
21
5
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
129
664
747
3,335
301
40
300
2
1,939
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–3
–10
33
107
23
70
14
9
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
18
57
54
171
45
83
34
11
3,107
Consumer durables
13
92
47
320
31
67
23
9
1,429
Retail trade
6
21
88
294
78
88
53
25
2,917
Land transportation and IT
16
46
74
208
43
58
29
14
3,504
Materials
–7
–38
117
615
81
70
72
9
1,819
Capital goods
6
18
110
337
86
78
72
14
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
35
34
273
266
119
44
90
29
10,164
Construction
13
23
119
205
97
81
75
21
5,721
Wholesale trade
4
9
94
197
66
70
38
28
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
62
81
706
895
284
40
233
50
7,605
Utilities and public services
7
14
34
72
1
4
1
0
4,775
REMI
7
2
224
63
117
52
82
34
35,504
Other
8
269
7
216
35
477
0
35
308
Total Corporate
377
35
3,183
291
1,713
54
1,368
346
107,639
Housing loans
–29
–3
630
58
36
6
9
26
108,393
Collateralised lending
48
27
444
243
294
66
216
78
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
138
192
354
475
281
80
134
147
7,159
Household
157
12
1,427
106
612
43
360
252
133,525
Public sector
1
3
0
0
3
–
0
3
4,062
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
1) Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 511 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
111
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio, %
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
43
39
285
252
172
60
139
32
11,124
Crops etc
15
147
93
885
34
37
33
1
1,018
Animal husbandry
30
369
248
2,544
162
65
153
9
814
Fishing and aquaculture
0
3
3
25
1
22
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
8
36
49
212
58
118
45
13
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
37
209
555
2,872
176
32
167
9
1,757
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–15
–56
57
220
35
61
29
6
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
1
2
41
147
34
83
26
8
2,761
Consumer durables
–14
–103
37
259
23
63
19
4
1,398
Retail trade
48
166
142
474
108
76
89
19
2,881
Land transportation and IT
0
–1
70
206
37
52
20
16
3,371
Materials
9
42
60
271
51
86
28
24
2,170
Capital goods
–8
–31
123
443
84
68
78
6
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
37
42
307
336
124
40
101
23
9,021
Construction
–12
–23
128
252
102
80
85
17
4,983
Wholesale trade
2
3
168
304
96
57
76
20
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
–36
–45
677
809
218
32
172
46
8,150
Utilities and public services
–13
–22
18
30
3
15
0
3
6,006
REMI
–16
–4
234
66
123
52
100
23
35,372
Other
–42
2
296
62
40
22
0
Total Corporate
74
7
3,298
309
1,702
52
1,400
302
104,978
Housing loans
28
3
649
64
109
17
54
56
100,873
Collateralised lending
–3
–2
375
213
225
60
168
57
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
77
104
258
342
125
49
40
86
7,400
Household
102
8
1,282
102
460
36
262
198
125,645
Public sector
–3
–7
0
0
1
0
0
1
3,848
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
 
1) Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 512 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
112
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit portfolio  
Including on- and off-balance sheet exposures and 
exposures related to securities and Life insurance 
operations, the total credit risk exposure at year end was 
EUR 509bn (EUR 505bn last year). Total credit exposure 
according to the CRR definition was at year end after 
Credit Conversion Factor EUR 462bn (EUR 468bn). 
Credit risk is measured, monitored and segmented in dif-
ferent ways. On-balance lending consists of fair value lending 
and amortised cost lending and constitutes the major part of 
the credit portfolio. Amortised cost lending is the basis for 
impaired loans, allowances and loan losses. Credit risk in 
lending is measured and presented as the principal amount 
of on-balance sheet claims, i.e. loans to credit institutions and 
to the public, and off-balance sheet potential claims on cus-
tomers and counterparts, net after allowances. Credit risk 
exposure also includes the risk related to derivative contracts 
and securities financing.
Nordea’s loans to the public increased by 4.7% to EUR 
323bn during 2019 (EUR 308bn in 2018). The corporate port-
folio increased approximately 1.5%, the household portfolio 
increased by 7.8% mostly related to Norway, where the acqui-
sition of Gjensidige Bank had a significant impact. The overall 
credit quality is solid with strongly rated customers. Of the 
lending to the public portfolio, corporate customers account-
ed for 46.9% (47.8%), household customers for 51.8% (50.9%) 
and the public sector for 1.3% (1.3%). Loans to central banks 
and credit institutions, mainly in the form of inter-bank 
deposits, decreased to EUR 18bn at the end of 2019 (EUR 
19bn).
Impaired loans and ratios
2019
 2018
Gross impaired loans, Group, EURm
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,311
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points
178
182
Impairment rate, (stage 3) net, basis points
113
118
Allowances in relation to loans, 
stage 1 and 2, basis points
20
18
Total allowance ratio (stage 1, 2 and 3),  
basis points
84
81
Allowances in relation to impaired loans  
(stage 3), %
37
35
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios
2019
 2018
Net loan losses, EURm 
536
173
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, Group, 
basis points
22
7
- of which Stage 3
18
9
- of which Stage 1 & 2
4
–1
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Group, basis points
18
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Personal Banking, basis 
points
8
5
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Business Banking, basis 
points
17
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Large Corporates & 
Institutions, basis points
51
19
Loans to corporate customers
Loans to corporate customers at the end of 2019 amounted to 
EUR 152bn (EUR 147bn). The sector that increased the most 
in 2019 was Commercial & Prof. Services while Utilities and 
Public Services decreased the most. The contribution of the 
three largest industries (Real Estate, Financial Institutions 
and Industrial Commercial & Prof. Services) is approximately 
47% of total corporate lending. Real Estate (commercial & 
residential) remains the largest industry in Nordea’s lending 
portfolio, at EUR 43.9bn (EUR 43.2bn). The Real Estate (com-
mercial & residential) portfolio predominantly consists of rela-
tively large and financially strong companies, with 92% (91%) 
of the lending in rating grades 4– and higher. Loans to Mari-
time decreased to EUR 7.7bn (EUR 8.2bn) during the year. The 
Russian lending portfolio continued to decrease significantly 
during 2019 and now amounts to 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn). 
The distribution of loans to corporate customers by size of 
loans, seen in the table below, shows a high degree of diver-
sification where approximately 65% (68%) of the corporate 
volume represents loans up to EUR 50m per customer.
Loans to corporate customers, by size of loans
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Size in EURm
Loans 
EURbn
%
Loans 
EURbn
%
0–10
62.6
41
62.6
42
10–50
36.1
24
35.0
24
50–100
20.7
14
19.4
13
100–250
19.8
13
17.4
12
250–500
4.1
3
5.4
4
500–
8.2
5
7.6
5
Total
151.5
100
147.4
100
Loans to household customers 
In 2019 lending to household customers increased by 6.5% to 
EUR 167bn (EUR 157bn). The increase was primarily driven by 
the acquisition of Gjensidige Bank in Norway, which had 
lending to the public of EUR 5.2bn at the time of acquisition. 
Mortgage lending increased to EUR 142bn (EUR 132bn) and 
consumer lending remained at EUR 25bn (EUR 25bn). The 
proportion of mortgage lending of total household lending 
increased to 85% (84%).
Geographical distribution 
Lending to the public distributed by borrower domicile shows 
that the customers residing in the Nordic countries account 
for 98% (98%). The portfolio is geographically well diversified 
with no market accounting for more than 30% of total lend-
ing. Other EU countries represent the largest part of lending 
outside the Nordic countries. At the end of 2019, lending in 
Russia was EUR 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn).
Rating and scoring distribution 
One way of assessing credit quality is through analysis of the 
distribution across rating grades, for rated corporate custom-
ers and institutions, as well as risk grades for scored house-
hold and small business customers, i.e. retail exposures. The 
average credit quality was roughly unchanged in the corpo-
rate portfolio, while it improved slightly in the scoring portfo-
lio in 2019. 19% of the number of corporate customers migrat-
ed upwards (21%) while 33% was down-rated (28%). Expo-
sure-wise, 16% (20%) of the corporate customer exposure 
migrated upwards while 20% (23%) was down-rated. 87% 
(85%) of the corporate exposure was rated 4– or higher, with 
an average rating for the portfolio of 4+.

--- Page 513 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
113
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.00
8,922
23
–
8,945
2
6 / A
0.03
92,278
227
7
92,512
8
5 / B
0.13
56,651
883
46
57,580
29
4 / C
1.97
57,349
2,191
20
59,560
82
3 / D
18.42
13,593
3,198
58
16,849
124
2 / E
19.72
3,159
2,086
27
5,272
121
1 / F
22.89
1,152
1,439
73
2,664
97
Standardised / Unrated
2.06
9,333
1,484
184
11,001
51
0 (default)
100.00
278
167
4,195
4,640
1,669
Total
242,715
11,698
4,610
259,023
2,183
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.01
9,958
116
0
10,074
2
6 / A
0.05
86,849
659
5
87,513
9
5 / B
0.19
54,017
1,696
6
55,719
51
4 / C
0.80
55,279
2,789
15
58,083
69
3 / D
5.46
12,318
4,581
40
16,939
100
2 / E
14.64
2,968
2,640
90
5,698
108
1 / F
34.96
1,058
1,531
72
2,661
92
Standardised / Unrated
0.24
10,029
319
95
10,443
56
0 (default)
100.00
211
186
4,258
4,655
1,553
Total
232,687
14,517
4,581
251,785
2,040
1)  The stage classification and calculated provision for each exposure are based on the situation as per end of October 2019, while the exposure amount and rating grades are based 
on the situation as per end of December 2019. Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of December were not in default as per end of October, 
and hence this is reflected in the stage classification.
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,542
–
–
4,542
2
6 / A
21,905
11
–
21,916
4
5 / B
28,970
23
1
28,994
10
4 / C
24,357
1,625
3
25,985
20
3 / D
4,479
1,723
6
6,208
33
2 / E
384
496
5
885
16
1 / F
45
250
2
297
10
Standardised / Unrated
2,001
464
4
2,469
5
0 (default)
–
–
679
679
44
Total
86,683
4,592
700
91,975
144
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,503
–
–
4,503
0
6 / A
22,981
22
0
23,003
2
5 / B
29,365
160
0
29,525
14
4 / C
21,598
766
1
22,365
13
3 / D
3,481
1,861
7
5,349
19
2 / E
376
569
5
950
9
1 / F
72
234
2
308
7
Standardised / Unrated
2,343
452
3
2,798
2
0 (default)
–
0
694
694
55
Total
84,719
4,064
712
89,495
121

--- Page 514 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
114
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Institutions and Retail customers on the other hand show a 
distribution that is biased towards the higher rating grades. 
92% (92%) of the retail exposures is scored C– or higher, which 
indicates a probability of default of 1% or lower. Defaulted 
loans are not included in the rating/scoring distributions. The 
total effect on credit risk exposure amount (REA) from migra-
tion was an increase of approx. 0.47% during the full year 2019.
Loan classes 
The loan portfolio consists of two classes; loans measured at 
amortised cost of EUR 247bn and loans measured at fair 
value of EUR 78bn. Loans measured at amortised cost are the 
basis used for impaired loans, allowances and loan losses.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) 
Impaired loans gross in the Group increased slightly to EUR 
4,610m (EUR 4,581m), corresponding to 178 basis points of total 
loans. 50% of impaired loans gross are servicing and 50% are 
non-servicing. Impaired loans net, after allowances for Stage 3 
loans amount to EUR 2,924m, corresponding to 113 basis points 
of total loans. Allowances for Stage 3 loans amount to EUR 
1,686m. Allowances for Stages 1&2 loans amount to EUR 497m. 
The ratio of allowances in relation to impaired loans is 37% and 
the allowance ratio for loans in Stages 1&2 is 20 basis points. 
The increase in impaired loans was mainly related to the Oil, 
Gas and Offshore industry and the Household sector. The port-
folios with the largest impaired loan amounts were Household, 
Oil, Gas & Offshore and Commercial & Prof. Services. 
Past due loans 
Past due loans, 6 days or more, for corporate customers make 
up EUR 978m, and past due loans to household sum up to 
EUR 2,229m in 2019.
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more, split by 
corporate and household customers. Past due is defined as a 
loan payment that has not been made as of its due date. Past 
due loans to corporate customers, were at end of 2019 EUR 
978m, down from EUR 1,235m one year ago, and past due loans 
for household customers increased to EUR 2,229m (EUR 1,636m). 
 
Rating distribution IRB Corporate customers
 2019 
 2018
6+
20
15
10
5
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
Risk grade distribution IRB Retail customers
 2019 
 2018
6+
40
30
20
15
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
6–30 days
405
1,054
701
657
31–60 days
127
273
89
233
61–90 days
84
144
35
111
>90 days
362
758
410
635
Total
978
2,229
1,235
1,636
Past due (incl. impaired) 
loans divided by loans  
to the  public after  
allowances, %
0.63
1.33
0.82
1.04
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses increased to EUR 536m (from EUR 173m in 
2018), corresponding to an annual net loan loss ratio includ-
ing fair value mortgage loans of 18bps (up 11bps from 2018). 
The change in the level of net loan losses compared to 2018 
primarily related to net loan losses of EUR 282m made in 
Q3 2019 after dialogue with the ECB on Asset Quality Review 
findings, reflecting weaker outlook for certain sectors, and to 
IFRS9 model updates. 
Excluding these items affecting comparability, net loan 
losses for 2019 were EUR 253m, and 8 bps on total loan expo-
sure, including fair value mortgages. Net loan losses 
increased in Personal Banking to EUR 122m (EUR 79m) and 
Business Banking to EUR 91m (EUR 24m) compared to last 
year while net loan losses decreased in Large Corporates & 
Institutions to EUR 40m (EUR 92m).
Of the net loan losses, EUR 157m relates to corporate cus-
tomers (EUR 82m), and EUR 377m (EUR 102m) to household 
customers. Within the corporate portfolio the main net loan 
losses were in the industries Oil, Gas & Offshore and Maritime.
Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that Nordea’s counterpart 
in an FX, interest, commodity, equity or credit derivative con-
tract defaults prior to maturity of the contract and that 
Nordea at that time has a claim on the counterpart. Counter-
party credit risk can also exist in repurchasing agreements 
and other securities financing transactions. Current exposure 
net (after close-out netting and collateral reduction) repre-
sents EUR 7.1bn of which 29% was towards financial institu-
tions. For information about financial instruments subject to 
master netting agreement, see Note G42.

--- Page 515 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
115
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances 
 
 
 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785
Origination and acquisition
2,088
0
–
2,088
59,495
1,000
422
60,917
61,583
1,000
422
63,005
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
–7
7
–
0
982
–982
–
0
975
–975
0
0
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–
–213
213
0
0
–213
213
0
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–357
–
357
0
–357
0
357
0
Repayments and disposals
–3,272
–16
–
–3,288
–52,422
–2,774
–613
–55,809
–55,694
–2,790
–613
–59,097
Write-offs
–
–
–
0
–
–
–437
–437
0
0
–437
–437
Other changes
–2,489
58
–
–2,431
8,150
–1,042
–4
7,104
5,661
–984
–4
4,673
Translation differences
–29
0
–
–29
–893
–9
25
–877
–922
–9
25
–906
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
11,549
79
0
11,628
232,115
10,671
4,609
247,395
243,664
10,750
4,609
259,023
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
11,161
88
6
11,255
218,421
14,040
5,397
237,858
229,582
14,128
5,403
249,113
Origination and acquisition
932
6
–
938
37,466
1,058
491
39,015
38,398
1,064
491
39,953
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
4
–4
–
0
–279
288
–
9
–275
284
0
9
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
0
0
0
–
–245
285
40
0
–245
285
40
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
0
–
0
0
–49
–
83
34
–49
0
83
34
Repayments and disposals
–2,808
–7
–11
–2,826
–45,978
–3,336
–1,462
–50,776
–48,786
–3,343
–1,473
–53,602
Write-offs
–
–
–1
–1
–
–
–466
–466
0
0
–467
–467
Other changes
5,922
–53
6
5,875
9,611
2,946
324
12,881
15,533
2,893
330
18,756
Translation differences
47
0
–
47
–2,032
–60
–6
–2,098
–1,985
–60
–6
–2,051
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785

--- Page 516 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
116
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
–8
–17
–7
–32
–125
–343
–1,809
–2,277
–133
–360
–1,816
–2,309
Origination and acquisition
–3
0
–
–3
–30
–21
–9
–60
–33
–21
–9
–63
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
–1
–
–1
7
–63
–
–56
7
–64
0
–57
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
0
–
–90
–90
0
0
–90
–90
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
5
–
5
–13
52
–
39
–13
57
0
44
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
16
–97
–81
0
16
–97
–81
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
2
2
–4
–
12
8
–4
0
14
10
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–7
73
66
0
–7
73
66
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
4
0
5
8
42
28
78
9
46
28
83
Repayments and disposals
5
1
2
8
16
36
34
86
21
37
36
94
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
280
280
0
0
280
280
Other changes
–
–
–
0
0
–
–22
–22
0
0
–22
–22
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
0
1
4
5
0
1
4
5
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
The tables shows the changes in exposure/allowances for each stage during the year. If an exposure moves into stage 2 from 
stage 1, there will be a reversal for stage 1 and an increase for stage 2.
Movements in allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
Origination and acquisition
–1
0
–
–1
–31
–9
–1
–41
–32
–9
–1
–42
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
0
–
0
6
–73
–
–67
6
–73
0
–67
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
1
–
–57
–56
1
0
–57
–56
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
0
–
0
–15
57
–
42
–15
57
0
42
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
13
–159
–146
0
13
–159
–146
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
–
–
–
0
–10
–
14
4
–10
0
14
4
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–19
24
5
0
–19
24
5
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
0
–5
–4
23
–12
–214
–203
24
–10
–221
–207
Repayments and disposals
1
6
–
7
23
32
52
107
24
37
53
114
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
312
312
0
0
312
312
Changes due to update in the 
institution's methodology for 
estimation (net)
–
–
–
0
0
–40
–13
–53
0
–40
–13
–53
Other changes
–
–
–
0
–5
–5
–28
–38
–5
–5
–28
–38
Translation differences
0
0
–2
–2
0
1
–10
–9
0
0
–11
–11
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
–4
–2
–10
–16
–149
–342
–1,676
–2,167
–153
–344
–1,686
–2,183

--- Page 517 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
117
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
18
41
62
121
Origination and acquisition
5
2
0
7
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
21
–
21
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–9
–
–7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
0
3
3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–1
–1
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–4
–4
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
12
18
–21
9
Repayments and disposals
–4
–3
0
–7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
33
70
41
144
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
17
48
74
139
Origination and acquisition
6
5
0
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–1
12
–
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–8
–
–6
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–1
8
7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–2
–2
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–2
–2
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
–2
–10
–5
–17
Repayments and disposals
–4
–5
0
–9
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–13
–13
Translation differences
–
–
–
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
18
41
62
121

--- Page 518 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
118
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss in Nordea’s positions in either 
the trading book or non-trading book as a result of changes 
in market rates and parameters that affect the market values 
or net interest income flows. Market risk exists irrespective of 
the accounting treatment of the positions.
The market risk appetite for the Group is expressed through 
risk appetite statements issued by the Board of Directors. The 
statements are defined for trading and banking books. 
The 2nd LoD ensures that the risk appetite is appropriately 
translated through the Risk Committee into specific risk 
appetite limits for the Business Areas and Group Treasury and 
ALM (TALM).
As part of the overall risk appetite framework (RAF), holis-
tic and bespoke stress tests are used to measure the market 
risk appetite and calibrate limits to monitor and control the 
full set of material market risk factors to which the bank is 
exposed.
Traded market risk
Traded market risk arises mainly from client-driven trading 
activities and related hedges in Nordea Markets which is part 
of Nordea Large Corporates & Institutions.
Nordea Markets takes market risks as part of its business 
model to support corporate and institutional clients through  
a range of fixed income, equity, foreign exchange and struc-
tured products. The market risks Nordea Markets is exposed 
to include interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity risk, for-
eign exchange risk, commodity risk and inflation risk.
Furthermore, Nordea is one of the major mortgage lenders 
in the Nordics and market makers in Nordic corporate and 
government bonds. Holding inventory is a consequence of 
providing secondary market liquidity. As a result, Nordea’s 
business model naturally gives rise to a concentration in Nor-
dic mortgage and corporate bonds as well as in local market 
currencies.
Non-traded market risk
Non-traded market risk principally arises from the core bank-
ing business of Nordea, related hedges and regulatory or 
other external requirements (e.g. liquid asset buffer).
TALM is responsible for the comprehensive risk manage-
ment of all non-traded market risk exposures in the Group’s 
balance sheet. For transparency and a clear division of respon-
sibilities within TALM, the comprehensive banking book risk 
management is divided across several frameworks – each with 
a clear risk mandate and specific limits and controls.
The non-traded market risks that Nordea is exposed to are 
interest rate risk, credit spread risk, foreign exchange risk 
(both structural and non-structural) and equity risk. 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current 
or prospective risk to Nordea’s capital and earnings arising 
from adverse movements in interest rates. Business Areas 
transfer their banking book exposures to TALM through a 
funds transfer pricing framework. The market risks are then 
managed centrally and include gap risk, spread risks, basis 
risks, credit spread risk, behavioural risk and non-linear risks. 
These risks are also delineated by currency.
Due to the lending structure in Nordea’s home markets, 
most of the contractual interest rate exposures are floating 
rate. Consequently, wholesale funding is also swapped to float-
ing rate. The resulting repricing gap risk is managed on an 
aggregated basis by currency and where applicable by legal 
entity (primarily the mortgage companies). The net outright 
interest rate risk stemming from the repricing gaps, together 
with the limited fixed interest rate risk, is hedged with interest 
rate swaps (IRS) and overnight index swaps (OIS).
Liquid assets are managed in accordance with the Liquid-
ity Buffer and Pledge/Collateral frameworks. Most of the 
directional interest rate risk arising from bond holdings is 
hedged primarily with maturity matched IRS payer swaps 
and to a smaller degree with OIS payer swaps. Forward Rate 
Agreements and listed futures contracts are also used to 
hedge credit spread and interest rate fixing risks.
The tail hedging framework operates a running portfolio of 
tail hedges across listed equity futures and options, main 
credit indices and interest rate swaps and options. Due to the 
nature of the framework, asymmetrical hedging structures 
are natural building blocks of the tail hedging portfolio. Tail 
hedges run across Nordea’s other banking book frameworks, 
including the liquid asset bond and derivative portfolios, the 
strategic equity investments and the structural risks.
Measurement of market risk
Nordea uses several quantitative risk measurement methods 
for traded market risk: Value-at-Risk (VaR), stress testing, sensi-
tivity analysis, parametric methods and Monte Carlo simulation.
VaR is based on historical scenarios and is the primary mar-
ket risk measurement metric, complemented by stress testing. 
Nordea calculates VaR using historical simulation. The current 
portfolio is revalued based on historical daily changes in mar-
ket prices, rates and other market risk factors observed during 
the last 500 business days and translated to changes in the 
current market risk factors. Nordea uses absolute, relative and 
mixed translation methods for different risk categories. The 
revaluation of the current portfolio is performed for each posi-
tion using either a linear approximation method or a full reval-
uation method, depending on the nature of the position.
Parametric methods are used to capture equity event risk 
including the impact of defaults on equity related positions 
(these risks are part of specific equity risk).
Monte Carlo simulation is used in the Incremental Risk 
Measure model and the Comprehensive Risk Measure model 
to capture the default and migration risks.
The Value-at-Risk, Stressed Value-at-Risk, Equity Event 
Risk, Incremental Risk Measure and the Comprehensive Risk 
Measure models were all approved by the bank’s previous 
regulator, the Swedish FSA, for use in calculating market risk 
own funds requirements under the Internal Model Approach 
(IMA). The same models, with same calibration and settings, 
as used for regulatory capital requirements are used for inter-
nal risk management purposes.
The Standardised Approach is applied to risk exposure 
which is not covered by the IMA. It is used for calculating mar-
ket risk exposures for commodity related products, specific risk 
for mortgage and government bonds, commercial papers, cred-
it/rate hybrids and credit spread options, as well as for equity 
risk related to structured equity and Tier 1 and Tier 2 bonds.
Nordea Bank Abp is the only legal entity for which this 
model is in use. After the relocation to Finland in October 
2018, Nordea is operating under a temporary tolerance deci-
sion from the ECB, allowing the bank to continue to use its 
IMA approved by the Swedish FSA. The ECB’s temporary tol-
erance is conditioned on Nordea applying to the ECB for a 
new permanent IMA approval, which the bank is currently 
preparing for.
IRRBB is measured, monitored and managed using three 
key risk metrics:
• Economic Value (EV),
• Fair Value (FV), and
• Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR).
The three different risk metrics are used to assess differing 
aspects of the manifestation of interest rate risk. These are 
described in more detail below.
Economic value (EV) of Equity stress tests consider the

--- Page 519 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
119
Nordea Annual Report 2019
change in the economic value of banking book assets, liabili-
ties and interest-bearing derivative exposures resulting from 
interest rate movements, independently of accounting classifi-
cation and ignoring credit spreads and commercial margins. 
The model assumes a run-off balance sheet and includes 
behavioural modelling for non-maturing deposits and pre-
payments. Changes in the Economic Value of Equity of the 
banking book are measured using the 6 standardised scenari-
os defined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS) plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The exposure 
limit under EV is measured against the worst outcome out of 
the six Basel scenarios measured. The EV Basel scenarios are 
estimated daily for management information purposes, but 
fully calculated and monitored monthly against the risk appe-
tite limits. The fair value risk stress measure considers the 
potential revaluation risk relating to positions held under fair 
value accounting classifications. Fair value sensitivities in the 
banking book are monitored against five severe but plausible 
market stress scenarios. The scenarios are calibrated to reflect 
severe events designed to test specific exposures that are or 
may be held under the approved mandate. The risk is mea-
sured daily, and a risk appetite limit is set against the worst 
outcome of the five scenarios. The FV scenarios are applied to 
both the banking book and trading book portfolios, and the 
Board risk appetite limit considers the combined impact 
across both. The FV stress metric is monitored daily.
The earnings risk metric measures the change in net inter-
est income relative to a base scenario, creating a Structural 
Interest Income Risk (SIIR) value over a one-year horizon. The 
model uses a constant balance sheet assumption, implied for-
ward rates and behavioural modelling for the non-maturing 
deposits and prepayments. Similarly to EV, SIIR is measured 
using the six standardised scenarios defined by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) for management 
information, plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The SIIR 
risk appetite limit is set against a +/– 50bps parallel shock. 
The SIIR earnings metric is monitored monthly.
The measurement of IRRBB is dependent on key assump-
tions applied in the models. The most material assumptions 
relate to the modelling of embedded behavioural options in 
both assets and liabilities. The behavioural option held by 
Nordea’s lending customers to execute early loan prepay-
ments is estimated using prepayment models. On the liability 
side, Nordea has an option to change deposit rates, and cus-
tomers have an option to withdraw non-maturing deposits 
(NMD) at any given day. Both embedded options are mod-
elled using NMD models. Both assumptions are calculated 
based on historical average by core asset and liability class 
features. Assets and liabilities are grouped according to key 
metrics including product type, geography and customer seg-
ment. Assumptions are based on historically observed values. 
Regular back-testing and model monitoring are performed 
for both prepayment models and NMD models to ensure that 
the models remain accurate.
The Pillar 2 IRRBB capital allocations consist of a Fair 
Value Risk component and an Earnings Risk component. The 
Fair Value Risk component covers the impact on the bank’s 
equity due to adverse movements in the MtM values of posi-
tions accounted for at Fair Value through Profit and Loss 
(FVTPL) or Fair Value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI). The Earnings Risk component covers the impact of 
rate changes on future earnings capacity, and the resulting 
implications for internal capital buffer levels.  
Nordea is exposed to structural FX risk defined as the mis-
match between the currency composition of its common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) and risk exposure amounts. CET1 is large-
ly denominated in euro with the only significant non-euro 
equity amounts stemming from mortgage subsidiaries and 
Nordea Bank Russia. Changes in FX rates can therefore nega-
tively impact Nordea’s CET1 ratio.
Market risk analysis
The market risk for the Nordea trading book is presented in 
the table below. 
The Market risk measured by VaR showed an average utili-
sation of EUR 14.8m in 2019 (average in 2018 was EUR 13m) 
and was primarily driven by interest rate VaR. Stressed VaR 
showed an average utilisation of EUR 46.6m which is higher 
compared to 2018 (average in 2018 was EUR 33m) and primar-
ily driven by interest rate stressed VaR with additional contri-
butions from credit spread stressed VaR. The highs in VaR 
were reached in Q3 and Q4 while highs in stressed VaR were 
reached in Q1 and Q4. VaR and stressed VaR are primarily driv-
en by market risk in Northern European and Nordic countries.
The Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) at the end of 2019 was 
significantly lower than  
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk figures for the trading book1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
21.1
22.5
10.1
14.8
18.3
Interest rate risk
18.1
20.6
8.4
14.0
16.4
Equity risk
6.1
9.6
1.4
3.4
2.5
Credit spread risk
4.3
10.5
3.1
5.1
6.5
Foreign exchange risk
1.6
6.3
0.7
2.9
1.9
Inflation risk
1.8
2.8
1.4
2.0
2.2
Diversification effect
34.1
58.1
34.1
45.7
37.9
Total Stressed VaR
66.8
86.1
27.9
46.6
61.9
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
21.3
41.2
7.3
16.1
34.8
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC)
16.5
29.0
9.3
19.6
28.7
1) Equity Event Risk, which equalled EUR 0.2m at end of 2019.
Market risk for the banking book figures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
33.5
57.8
26.5
42.1
37.5

--- Page 520 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
120
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
at the end of 2018. The decrease was driven by a reduction  
in both default and migration exposure. The lowest exposure 
occurred during Q3 2019, while IRC peaked in Q1 2019. The 
average IRC decreased by EUR 8.7m compared to the previ-
ous year, especially driven by a consistently lower default 
component.
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC) at the end of 2019 was 
lower than at the end of 2018 driven by buy-backs and spread 
tightening. The lowest exposure occurred during Q4 2019, 
while CRC peaked during Q1 2019. Average CRC for 2019 
dropped by EUR 5.6m compared to 2018.
The VaR for Banking Book has reduced slightly over the 
year, driven by higher concentration on high rated govern-
ment bonds and a small reduction in mortgage bond expo-
sure over the year. Overall Banking Book market risk is within 
appetite and under control.
The fair value of illiquid alternative investments was EUR 
852.6m at the end of 2019 (EUR 644.9m at the end of 2018), 
of which private equity funds EUR 338.9m, hedge funds EUR 
1.4m, credit funds EUR 253.3m and seed-money investments 
EUR 258.9m. All four types of investments are spread over a 
number of funds.
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR)/EV
At the end of the year, the worst loss out of the six Basel sce-
narios for SIIR was driven by the Steepener Basel scenario, 
where the loss was EUR 1,030m (against the worst loss in 
2018 of EUR 1,176m, also taken from the Steepener shock sce-
nario). These figures imply that net interest income would 
decrease if short term interest rates fall while long rates rise.
The most severe impact from the Basel scenarios on EV is 
from the Flattener shock scenario, where the loss was EUR 
263.9m at end of year 2019.
Other market risks / Pension risk
Pension risk (including market and longevity risks) arises 
from Nordea-sponsored defined benefit pension schemes for 
past and current employees. The ability of the pension 
schemes to meet the projected pension payments is main-
tained through investments and ongoing scheme 
contributions.
Pension risks can manifest through increases in the value 
of liabilities or through falls in the values of assets. These 
risks are regularly reported and monitored and include con-
sideration of sub components of market risk such as interest 
rate, inflation, credit spread, real estate and equity risk. To 
minimise the risks to Nordea, limits are imposed on potential 
losses under severe but plausible stress events and by limits 
on capital drawdown. In addition, regular reviews of the 
schemes strategic asset allocation are undertaken to ensure 
the investment approach reflects Nordea’s risk appetite. See 
note G34 for more information. 
Operational risk
Nordea defines operational risk as the risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and sys-
tems or from external events, and includes legal risk. 
Operational risks are inherent in all of Nordea’s businesses 
and operations. Consequently, managers throughout Nordea 
are accountable for the operational risks related to their man-
date and for managing these risks within risk limits and risk 
appetite in accordance with the operational risk management 
framework. 
Group Operational Risk (GOR) within Group Risk and Com-
pliance (GRC) constitutes the second line of defence (2nd 
LoD) risk control function for operational risk and is respon-
sible for developing and maintaining the overall operational 
risk management framework as well as for monitoring and 
controlling the operational risk management of the first line of 
defence (1st LoD). GOR monitors and controls that operational 
risks are appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated, fol-
lows-up risk exposures towards risk appetite and assesses the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the operational risk manage-
ment framework and the implementation of the frameworks.
The focus areas of the monitoring and control work per-
formed by GOR are decided during an annual planning pro-
cess that includes business areas, key risk areas and opera-
tional risk processes. GOR is responsible for preparing and 
submitting regular risk reports on all material risk exposures 
including risk appetite limit utilisation and incidents to the 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who thereafter reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the 
Group Board and relevant committees.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for operational risk is 
expressed in terms of:
• residual risk level in breach of risk appetite and require-
ments for mitigating actions for risks; and 
• total loss amount from incidents and management of 
incidents. 
Management of operational risk
Management of operational risk includes all activities aimed 
at identifying, assessing and measuring, responding and miti-
gating, controlling and monitoring and reporting on risks. The 
risk management is supported by various processes including 
e.g. the Risk and Control Self-Assessment, Change Risk Man-
agement and Approval, Incident Management, Scenario Anal-
ysis, Business Continuity and Crisis Management, Information 
Security Management, Third Party Risk Management and 
Significant Operating Processes. 
Some of these processes are described below and addi-
tional details on processes for managing and controlling 
operational risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report. 
Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
The Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process pro-
vides a risk-based view of operational and compliance risks 
across Nordea. The process improves risk awareness and 
enables effective assessment, control, and mitigation of iden-
tified risks. For risks identified in the RCSA process, the level 
of risk and the controls in place to mitigate the risks are 
assessed. If mitigating actions are required to reduce the risk 
exposure, these are identified and implemented.
Change Risk Management and Approval framework 
The objective of the Change Risk Management and Approval 
(CRMA) framework is to ensure that there is a full under-
standing of both financial and non-financial risks when exe-
cuting changes. Associated risks shall be adequately man-
aged consistent with Nordea’s risk strategy, risk appetite and 
corresponding risk limits before a change is approved, exe-
cuted or implemented.
Changes in scope of the CRMA framework include e.g. new 
or significant changes to products, services, or IT systems. 
Incident Management 
The objective of Incident Management is to ensure appropri-
ate handling of detected incidents in order to minimise the 
impact on Nordea and its customers, to prevent reoccurrence, 
and to reduce the impact of future incidents. In addition, the 
Incident Management shall enable timely, accurate and com-
plete information for internal and external reporting and capi-
tal modelling, and secure timely notification to relevant 
supervisory authorities.

--- Page 521 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
121
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Business Continuity and Crisis Management 
The objective of the Business Continuity and Crisis Manage-
ment is to protect Nordea’s employees, customers, stakehold-
ers and assets by ensuring that Nordea builds, maintains, and 
tests the ability to continue and recover prioritised activities 
and assets, should an extraordinary event or crisis occur. Cri-
sis Management shall ensure that extraordinary events or cri-
sis situations are identified, escalated and managed to mini-
mize impact.
Financial Reporting Risk
Financial reporting risk is defined as the risk of misstatements 
in external financial reporting and regulatory capital report-
ing. The risk arises from erroneous interpretation and imple-
mentation of accounting standards and regulation, the use of 
judgement in reporting, as well as from inadequate gover-
nance and control frameworks around valuation and financial 
reporting. The framework for managing financial reporting 
risk is designated as the Accounting Key Controls (AKC), 
framework, based on the the Committee of Sponsoring Orga-
nizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), framework, 
which provides the structure and guidance for designing, 
operating and evaluating the system of internal control over 
financial reporting across the group. The AKC framework is 
the mechanism through which management expresses its 
various assertions over its financial statements. GRC control 
function for financial reporting risk is responsible for the inde-
pendent monitoring, assessment and oversight of the risks 
and the group's implementation of the AKC framework, and 
reports to Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
Compliance Risk
Nordea defines compliance risk as the risk of failure to com-
ply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, supervisory 
requirements and related internal rules governing Nordea’s 
activities in any jurisdiction where Nordea operates.
Nordea’s Code of Conduct and corporate values underpin 
Nordea’s culture and set the parameters for how Nordea's 
employees should conduct themselves. All Nordea’s employ-
ees are required to complete annual training in the Code of 
Conduct to ensure proper awareness and knowledge of the 
ethical principles. 
In 2019, Nordea continued the development to ensure that 
Nordea’s culture and behaviours are consistent with Nordea’s 
values and that Nordea delivers fair outcomes for its custom-
ers throughout the entire stage of the customer lifecycle. The 
quality of investment advice is monitored continuously to 
ensure customer protection and recent outcomes indicating 
improvement. The improved results are driven by the changes 
made in the advisory tool, instructions and training of advi-
sors. It is also important to manage conflicts of interest in 
relation to products and services. In 2019, enhancements have 
been implemented in regular product reviews and the 
approval process. The complaints handling framework has in 
the recent years been developed and the process is renewed 
with clear and regular reporting, a strong feedback culture, 
root cause analysis and mitigating activities.
Nordea’s Raising Your Concern (RYC or “whistleblowing”) 
process ensures that Nordea employees, customers and external 
stakeholders have the right to and feel safe when speaking up if 
they witness or suspect misconduct or unethical behaviour. The 
RYC process encompasses ways to report a suspected breach of 
ethical standards, or breach of internal or external rules. Con-
cerns can be raised openly, confidentially or anonymously by 
individuals (“whistle-blow”). The RYC process also outlines rules 
and procedures for how RYC investigations are conducted.
Nordea further strengthened the financial crime defences 
in 2019. Significant compliance enhancements have been 
achieved within the areas of: i) governance, ii) IT support of 
customer due diligence processes, iii) participation in the 
development of a Nordic KYC Utility (a cross-bank initiative to 
centrally collect customer due diligence data), iv) transaction 
monitoring and sanction screening capabilities by e.g. 
upgrading systems, introducing additional automated pro-
cesses and improving timeliness of suspicious activity report-
ing, v) updating Nordea’s policies in light of changes in regu-
lation, and vi) strengthening of Nordea’s Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption programme.
Managers throughout Nordea are accountable for the 
compliance risks related to their mandate and for managing 
these in accordance with the compliance risk management 
framework.
Group Compliance (GC) within Group Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) constitutes the independent compliance function and 
is responsible for developing and maintaining the risk man-
agement framework for compliance risks and for guiding the 
business in their implementation of and adherence to the 
framework. 
Compliance activities are presented in the form of an annu-
al compliance oversight plan to the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) and the Board of Directors (BoD). The annual compli-
ance oversight plan represents a comprehensive approach to 
the compliance activities of Nordea, combining GC’s overall 
approach to key risk areas. The plan is supported by granular 
plans in each Business Area, Group Function, Consolidated 
Group Subsidiaries and Nordea Bank Abp branches and for 
each risk area. 
GC is responsible for regular reporting to the BoD, the CEO 
in Group Leadership Team (GLT), branch management and 
relevant committees, at least quarterly.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for compliance risk is 
expressed in terms of the residual risk level in breach of risk 
appetite and requirements for mitigating actions for risks. The 
RAS for conduct risk includes metrics regarding the Code of 
Conduct as well as customer outcomes and market integrity.
Details on key processes for managing and controlling 
compliance risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report.
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and requirements, 
including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the 
European Union and the United States. Supervisory and gov-
ernmental authorities that administer and enforce those 
regimes make regular inquiries and conduct investigations 
with regards to Nordea’s compliance in many areas, such as 
investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade regula-
tion and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, competition 
law and governance and control. The outcome and timing of 
these inquiries and investigations is unclear and pending, and 
accordingly, it cannot be excluded that these inquiries and 
investigations could lead to criticism against the bank, reputa-
tion loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or litigations. 
In June 2015, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Denmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome has resulted in 
criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. As previously stated, Nordea 
expects to be fined in Denmark for our weak AML processes 
and procedures in the past and has made a provision for 
ongoing AML-related matters.
There is a risk that the outcome of possible fines from 
authorities could be higher (or potentially lower) than the cur-
rent provision and that this could also impact the bank’s finan-
cial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, we will main-
tain the level of provision for ongoing AML related matters 
while also continuing the dialogue with the Danish Authorities 
regarding their allegations for historical AML weaknesses.

--- Page 522 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
122
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Amongst other 
Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime Change Pro-
gramme and has strengthened the organization significantly 
to enhance the AML and sanction management risk frame-
works. Nordea has also established the Business Ethics and 
Values Committee and a culture transformation program to 
embed stronger ethical standards into our corporate culture. 
In addition, the group is investing in enhanced compliance 
standards, processes and resources in both the first and sec-
ond lines of defence.
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea’s assistance to a foreign bank in connection with the 
said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on behalf of one of its cus-
tomers. It is our assessment that Nordea is not liable, and 
Nordea disputes the claim. 
Life insurance risk and market risks in 
the Life & Pensions operations
The life insurance business of Nordea Life & Pensions (NLP) 
consists of a range of different life & health products, from 
endowments with duration of a few years to very long-term 
pension savings contracts, with durations of more than 40 
years. Market return products (unit- linked products) clearly 
dominate NLP’s business. Traditional products (participating 
savings and life insurance products) and health insurance 
take minor roles in NLP’s business profile.
The main risks that NLP is exposed to are market risks and 
life & health insurance risks.
Market risks at NLP arise from the sensitivity of the values 
of assets and liabilities to changes in the level or volatility of 
market prices or interest rates. Within market risk, the interest 
rate risk, equity risk, credit spread risk and currency risk are 
the most relevant risks.
Market risks are measured and monitored through expo-
sure calculations and adequate limit setting. In addition, NLP 
regularly performs stress tests and macroeconomic scenario 
analyses to assess the need for future capitalization. The 
results of stress tests and scenario analysis are monitored 
against limits specified in the internal policies.
Market risk is mitigated by applying hedging and asset 
allocation strategies.
Life & health insurance risk is the risk of unexpected losses 
due to changes in the level, trend or volatility of mortality, 
longevity, disability and surrender/ lapse rates. The risks are 
measured and monitored through calculations of the Solven-
cy II capital requirements. To assess the resilience of the busi-
ness to sudden changes in the lapse rate, regular sensitivity 
tests are performed at NLP group and local entity level.
Life & health insurance risk is mitigated using actuarial 
methods, i.e. through tariffs, rules for acceptance of custom-
ers, reinsurance contracts, stress tests and setting up ade-
quate provisions for risks.
Liquidity risk management
During 2019, Nordea continued to benefit from its prudent 
liquidity risk management, in terms of maintaining a diversi-
fied and strong funding base and a diversified liquidity buffer. 
Nordea had access to all relevant financial markets and was 
able to actively use all of its funding programmes. Nordea 
issued approximately EUR 19.2bn in long-term debt (exclud-
ing subordinated debt and covered bonds issued by Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab) of which approx. EUR 13bn 
included covered bonds issued in Sweden, Finland and Nor-
way. Throughout 2019, Nordea remained compliant with the 
requirement in EBA Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR) in all currencies on a combined basis.
Liquidity risk definition and identification
Liquidity risk is the risk that Nordea is unable to service its 
cash flow obligations when they fall due; or unable to meet its 
cash flow obligations without incurring significant additional 
funding costs. Nordea is exposed to liquidity risk in its lending, 
investment, funding, off-balance sheet exposures and other 
activities which result in a negative cash flow mismatch. Cash 
flow mismatches can occur at the end of a day or intraday.
Management principles and control
Liquidity risk at Nordea is managed across three Lines of 
Defence:
The First Line of Defence comprises Group Treasury & 
Asset Liability Management (TALM) and the Business Areas. 
TALM is responsible for the day to day management of the 
Group’s liquidity positions, liquidity buffers, external and 
internal funding including the mobilisation of cash around the 
Group, and Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP).
The Second Line of Defence, Group Risk and Compliance, 
is responsible for providing independent oversight of and 
challenge to the first line of defence.
The Third Line of Defence includes Group Internal Audit 
(GIA), which is responsible for providing independent over-
sight of the first – and second lines of defence.
The Board of Directors defines the liquidity risk appetite by 
setting limits for applied liquidity risk metrics. The most cen-
tral metric is the Liquidity Stress Horizon, which defines the 
risk appetite by setting a minimum survival of 90 days under 
institution-specific and market-wide stress scenarios with 
limited mitigation actions.
A framework of limits and monitoring metrics is in place to 
ensure Nordea stays within various risk parameters including 
the risk appetite.
A Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework is in place that 
recognises that liquidity is a scarce and costly resource. By 
quantifying and allocating the liquidity and funding costs and 
benefits to the respective business areas, behaviours and 
strategic decisions are appropriately incentivised.
Liquidity risk management strategy
Nordea’s liquidity management strategy is based on policy 
statements resulting in various liquidity risk measures, limits 
and organisational procedures.
Policy statements stipulate that Nordea’s liquidity manage-
ment reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk. 
Nordea strives to diversify its sources of funding and seeks to 
establish and maintain relationships with investors in order to 
ensure market access. A broad and diversified funding struc-
ture is reflected by the strong presence in the Group’s four 
domestic markets in the form of a strong and stable retail 
customer base and the variety of funding programmes. The 
funding programmes are both short-term (US – and Europe-
an commercial paper, and Certificates of Deposits) and long-
term (covered bonds, European medium-term notes, medium 
term notes) and cover a range of currencies.
Trust is fundamental in the funding market; therefore, 
Nordea periodically publishes information on the liquidity sit-
uation of the Group. Furthermore, Nordea regularly performs 
stress testing of the liquidity risk position and has put in place 
business contingency plans for liquidity crisis management.

--- Page 523 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
123
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Liquidity risk measurement
To ensure funding in situations where Nordea is in urgent 
need of cash and the normal funding sources do not suffice, 
Nordea holds a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer consists of 
central bank eligible, high credit quality and liquid securities 
and central bank cash that can be readily sold or used as col-
lateral in funding operations.
Liquidity risk management focuses on both short-term 
liquidity risk and long-term structural liquidity risk. Liquidity 
risk is limited by the Board of Directors via Internal Liquidity 
Coverage and Liquidity Stress Horizon metrics stipulating 
that the liquidity buffer needs to be sufficient to cover peak 
cumulative stressed outflows experienced over the first 90 
days of a combined stress event, whereby Nordea is subject 
to a market-wide stress similar to what many banks experi-
enced in 2007–08; and an idiosyncratic stress corresponding 
to a three-notch credit rating downgrade. These metrics form 
the basis for Nordea’s liquidity risk appetite, which is 
reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually.
Furthermore, short-term funding risk is measured via the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and a funding gap risk metric. 
The funding gap risk metric expresses the expected maximum 
accumulated need for raising liquidity in the course of the next 
30 days. Funding gap risk is measured and limited for each 
currency and as a total figure for all currencies combined. 
Structural liquidity risk of Nordea is measured via many 
metrics of which the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and 
the internally defined Net Balance of Stable Funding (NBSF) 
are very important. Furthermore, the loan to deposit ratio is 
closely monitored together with the wholesale funding refi-
nancing profile and rating agency metrics. 
Liquidity risk analysis
Nordea continues to have a strong and prudent liquidity risk 
profile with a strong funding base. As of year-end 2019, the 
total volume utilised under short-term programmes was EUR 
44.3bn (EUR 46.8bn) with an average maturity of 0.3 (0.3) 
years. The total volume under long-term programmes was EUR 
159.3bn (EUR 152.8bn) with an average maturity being 6.3 (6.0) 
years. Nordea’s funding sources are presented in a table below.
The liquidity risk position remained at a low level through-
out 2019. The Liquidity Stress Horizon was 504 days as of year-
end 2019 (533 days as of year-end 2018) with a yearly average 
of 642 days (332 days) – the Group limit is not below 90 days.
The yearly average of the funding gap risk was EUR 
+29.7bn (EUR +17.7bn in 2018) against a limit of EUR –15bn. 
Nordea’s liquidity buffer ranged between EUR 88.1bn and 
108.2bn throughout 2019 (EUR 86.9bn and 110.1bn) with an 
average liquidity buffer of EUR 97.2bn (EUR 97.8bn).
The combined LCR according to EBA Delegated Act rules for 
the Nordea Group was at the end of 2019 166% (185%) with a 
yearly average of 188% (184%). At the end of 2019 the LCR in 
EUR was 236% (257%) and in USD 146% (214%), with yearly 
averages of 201% (190%) and 187% (183%), respectively. At the 
end of 2019 Nordea’s NSFR was 108.6% according to CRR2.
Net balance of stable funding
EURbn
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Stable liabilities and equity
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital
31
32
Secured/unsecured borrowing >1Y
124
126
Stable retail deposits
68
65
Less stable retail deposits
17
16
Wholesale deposits <1Y
71
72
Total Stable Liabilities
311
311
Net balance of stable funding, cont.
Stable assets
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Wholesale and retail loans >1Y
238
240
Long term lending to banks and 
financial companies
1
1
Other illiquid assets
25
26
Total Stable Assets
264
266
Off-balance-sheet items
2
2
Net balance of stable funding (NBSF)
44
43
Funding sources, 31 December 2019
Liability type
Interest  
rate base
Average 
maturity 
(years)
EURm
Deposits by credit institutions
Shorter than 3 months 
Euribor etc.
0.1
31,456
Longer than 3 months
Euribor etc.
0.5
848
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
Deposits on demand
Administrative
0.0
149,012
Other deposits
Euribor etc.
0.2
19,712
Debt securities in issue
Certificates of deposits
Euribor etc.
0.4
22,094
Commercial papers
Euribor etc.
0.2
22,192
Mortgage covered bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based 
7.7
115,346
Other bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2.6
34,094
Derivatives
42,047
Other non-interest- 
bearing items
57,452
Subordinated debt
Tier 2 subordinated  
bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
4.8
7,410
Additional Tier 1 subordinated 
bond loans (undated) 
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2,409
Equity
31,528
Total
535,602
Liabilities to policyholders
19,246
Total, including  
life insurance operations
554,848
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), 31 December 2019
EURbn
Available stable funding
290,5
Required stable funding
267,6
Net stable funding
22,9
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)1
108.6%
1) According to CRR2 regulation.

--- Page 524 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
124
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Operating segments 
Measurement of Operating segments’ performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operat-
ing segments follow the information reported to the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as required by IFRS 8. At 
Nordea, the CODM has been defined as Group Leadership 
Team (former Group Executive Management). The main dif-
ferences compared to the section “Business areas“ in this 
report are that the information to CODM is prepared using 
plan exchange rates and that different allocation principles 
between operating segments have been applied. 
Basis of segmentation 
Financial results are presented for the four main business 
areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates 
& Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management, with 
further breakdown into operating segments where 
relevant, and for the operating segment Group Finance. 
Other operating segments below the quantitative 
thresholds in IFRS 8 are included in Other operating 
segments. Group functions and eliminations, as well as 
the result that is not fully allocated to any of the operating 
segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
Compared with the 2018 Annual Report there is a change 
in the presentation of the business area Personal Banking. 
Personal Banking is only presented on a Nordic level and has 
no further break-down by country in order to align with other 
segments. The business area Commercial & Business Banking 
has changed name to Business Banking and the business 
area Wholesale Banking has changed name to Large Corpo-
rates & Institutions. The changes are reflected in the reporting 
to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and are con-
sequently part of the segment reporting in Note G3. Compar-
ative figures have been restated accordingly.
Reportable Operating segments
Personal Banking serves Nordea’s household customers in the 
Nordic markets, through various channels offering a full range 
of financial services and solutions. The business area includes 
advisory and service staff, channels, product units, back office 
and IT under a common strategy, operating model and gover-
nance across markets. 
Business Banking and Business Banking Direct work with a 
relationship-driven customer service model with a customer-
centric value proposition for Nordea’s corporate customers. The 
business area also consists of Transaction Banking, which 
include Cards, Trade Finance and Cash Management, and 
Nordea Finance. These units services both personal and corpo-
rate customers across the Nordea Group.
Large Corporates & Institutions provides banking and other 
financial solutions to large Nordic and international corporates 
as well as institutional and public companies. The division Cor-
porate & Investment Banking is a customer oriented organisa-
tion serving the largest globally operating corporates. The divi-
sion Financial Institutions Group & International Banks is 
responsible for Nordea's customers within the financial sector, 
and offers single products such as funds and equity products as 
well as consulting services within asset allocation and fund 
sales. Nordea Bank Russia offers a full range of banking ser-
vices to corporate customers in Russia. Capital Markets unallo-
cated includes the result in Capital Markets which is not allo-
cated to the main business areas. 
Asset & Wealth Management provides high quality invest-
ment, savings and risk management products. It also manages 
customers’ assets and gives financial advice to affluent and 
high net worth individuals as well as to institutional investors. 
The division Private Banking provides wealth planning, full-
scale investment advice, credit, and estate planning services to 
wealthy individuals, businesses and their owners, trusts and 
foundations. The Asset Management division is responsible for 
all actively managed investment products including internally 
managed investment funds and mandates as well as selected 
externally managed funds, and for serving the institutional 
asset management customers. Life & Pensions serves Nordea’s 
Retail Private Banking and corporate customers with a full 
range of pension, endowment and risk products as well as tai-
lor-made advice for bank distribution. Life & Pensions unallo-
cated includes the result in Life & Pensions that is not allocated 
to the main business areas. 
The main objective of Group Finance is to manage the 
Group's funding and to support the management and control of 
the Nordea Group. The main income in Group Finance origi-
nates from Group Treasury & ALM (TALM). 
G3. Segment reporting

--- Page 525 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
125
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Income statement 2019
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
 Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
 Finance
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,166
1,352
863
54
33
0
4,468
–150
4,318
Net fee and commission income
1,184
615
454
1,430
–4
3
3,682
–671
3,011
Net result from items at fair value
173
210
308
112
151
12
966
58
1,024
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
2
0
33
0
18
53
–3
50
Other income
2
20
1
14
7
138
182
50
232
Total operating income
3,525
2,199
1,626
1,643
187
171
9,351
–716
8,635
- of which internal transactions1
–678
–275
–464
–22
1,454
–15
0
–
–
Staff costs
–631
–422
–356
–402
–127
–191
–2,129
–888
–3,017
Other expenses
–1,308
–710
–564
–321
92
–117
–2,928
1,289
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and  
impair ment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
–63
–19
–14
–12
–3
–751
–862
–468
–1,330
Total operating expenses
–2,002
–1,151
–934
–735
–38
–1,059
–5,919
–67
–5,986
Profit before loan losses
1,523
1,048
692
908
149
–888
3,432
–783
2,649
Net loan losses
–135
–140
–255
–1
0
2
–529
–7
–536
Operating profit
1,388
908
437
907
149
–886
2,903
–790
2,113
Income tax expense
–333
–218
–105
–218
–34
215
–693
122
–571
Net profit for the year
1,055
690
332
689
115
–671
2,210
–668
1,542
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2019, EURbn
Loans to the public2
154
83
51
8
–
1
297
26
323
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
73
42
35
10
–
1
161
8
169
Income statement 2018
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
 Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
 Finance 
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total 
operating 
segments3
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,116
1,320
920
69
40
14
4,479
12
4,491
Net fee and commission income
1,176
578
472
1,411
–19
0
3,618
–625
2,993
Net result from items at fair value
167
297
412
167
73
26
1,142
–54
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
9
0
13
8
91
121
3
124
Other income
6
21
1
21
1
126
176
300
476
Total operating income
3,465
2,225
1,805
1,681
103
257
9,536
–364
9,172
- of which internal transactions1
–518
–236
–469
–15
1,251
–13
0
–
–
Staff costs
–635
–427
–393
–460
–128
–24
–2,067
–931
–2,998
Other expenses
–1,279
–757
–544
–316
140
–14
–2,770
1,204
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and  
impair ment charges of tangible and 
intangible assets
–51
–15
–9
–9
–3
0
–87
–395
–482
Total operating expenses
–1,965
–1,199
–946
–785
9
–38
–4,924
–122
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
1,500
1,026
859
896
112
219
4,612
–486
4,126
Net loan losses
–79
–24
–92
–6
0
21
–180
7
–173
Operating profit
1,421
1,002
767
890
112
240
4,432
–479
3,953
Income tax expense
–341
–240
–184
–205
–24
–58
–1,052
180
–872
Net profit for the year
1,080
762
583
685
88
182
3,380
–299
3,081
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2018, EURbn
Loans to the public2
144
81
49
7
–
1
282
26
308
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
68
41
35
9
–
1
154
11
165
1)  IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income  
and expense related to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Business Support.
2) The volumes are only disclosed separate for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker.
3) Items effecting comparability are generally included in Other Operating segments.
G3. Segment reporting, cont.

--- Page 526 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
126
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G3. Segment reporting, cont.
Break­down of Business Banking
Business Banking 
Business Banking Direct
 Business Banking Other1
Total Business Banking 
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
1,135
1,096
220
209
–3
15
1,352
1,320
Net fee and commission income
475
459
172
164
–32
–45
615
578
Net result from items at fair value
176
289
33
17
1
–9
210
297
Profit from associated undertakings  
accounted for under the equity method
–2
5
0
0
4
4
2
9
Other income
0
1
1
0
19
20
20
21
Total operating income
1,784
1,850
426
390
–11
–15
2,199
2,225
- of which internal transactions
–280
–233
5
–4
0
1
–275
–236
Staff costs
–170
–173
–49
–51
–203
–203
–422
–427
Other expenses
–649
–681
–203
–216
142
140
–710
–757
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–4
–5
–1
–2
–14
–8
–19
–15
Total operating expenses
–823
–859
–253
–269
–75
–71
–1,151
–1,199
Profit before loan losses
961
991
173
121
–86
–86
1,048
1,026
Net loan losses
–120
–14
–10
–3
–10
–7
–140
–24
Operating profit
841
977
163
118
–96
–93
908
1,002
Income tax expense
–202
–234
–39
–29
23
23
–218
–240
Net profit for the year
639
743
124
89
–73
–70
690
762
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
72
70
11
11
–
–
83
81
Deposits and borrowings from the public
31
30
11
11
–
–
42
41
1) Business Banking Other includes the areas COO, Transaction Banking and Digital Banking.

--- Page 527 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
127
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G3. Segment reporting, cont.
Break­down of Large Corporates & Institutions
Corporate  
& Investment 
Banking
Financial 
 Institutions 
Group & Inter­
national Banks
Banking  
Russia
Capital Markets 
unallocated
 Large Corporates 
& Institutions 
Other1
Total Large 
 Corporates  
& Institutions
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
814
845
33
33
42
57
–6
1
–20
–16
863
920
Net fee and commission income
376
396
149
132
8
11
–79
–66
0
–1
454
472
Net result from items at fair value
141
146
146
139
12
8
9
119
0
0
308
412
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Other income
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
1
–1
0
1
1
Total operating income
1,331
1,387
328
304
63
76
–75
55
–21
–17
1,626
1,805
- of which internal transactions
–342
–306
–31
–42
–50
–54
–34
–56
–7
–11
–464
–469
Staff costs
–74
–98
–10
–10
–18
–21
–201
–214
–53
–50
–356
–393
Other expenses
–412
–407
–231
–208
–14
–19
68
86
25
4
–564
–544
Depreciation, amortisation and 
 impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
0
0
0
–3
–2
0
0
–11
–7
–14
–9
Total operating expenses 
–486
–505
–241
–218
–35
–42
–133
–128
–39
–53
–934
–946
Profit before loan losses
845
882
87
86
28
34
–208
–73
–60
–70
692
859
Net loan losses
–307
–43
–1
–1
53
–48
0
0
0
0
–255
–92
Operating profit
538
839
86
85
81
–14
–208
–73
–60
–70
437
767
Income tax expense
–129
–201
–21
–20
–19
3
50
18
14
16
–105
–184
Net profit for the year
409
638
65
65
62
–11
–158
–55
–46
–54
332
583
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
48
45
2
2
1
2
–
–
–
–
51
49
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
24
24
10
10
1
1
–
–
–
–
35
35
1)  Large Corporates & Institutions Other includes the areas International Divisions and COO.
Break­down of Asset & Wealth Management
Private Banking
Asset  Management
Life & Pensions 
 unallocated
Asset & Wealth Man­
agement Other1
Total Asset & Wealth 
Management
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
58
77
–2
–3
0
0
–2
–5
54
69
Net fee and commission income
447
444
920
899
310
318
–247
–250
1,430
1,411
Net result from items at fair value
34
32
–2
9
79
127
1
–1
112
167
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
33
13
–
–
33
13
Other income
0
5
7
9
0
11
7
–4
14
21
Total operating income
539
558
923
914
422
469
–241
–260
1,643
1,681
- of which internal transactions
–19
–12
1
1
0
0
–4
–4
–22
–15
Staff costs
–116
–162
–175
–164
–64
–85
–47
–49
–402
–460
Other expenses
–222
–233
–90
–124
–131
–61
122
102
–321
–316
Depreciation, amortisation and 
 impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
–1
–4
0
–3
–6
–5
–2
–12
–9
Total operating expenses 
–338
–396
–269
–288
–198
–152
70
51
–735
–785
Profit before loan losses
201
162
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
908
896
Net loan losses
–1
–6
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
–6
Operating profit
200
156
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
907
890
Income tax expense
–48
–36
–157
–144
–54
–73
41
48
–218
–205
Net profit for the year
152
120
497
482
170
244
–130
–161
689
685
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
8
7
–
–
–
–
–
–
8
7
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
10
9
–
–
–
–
–
–
10
9
1)  Asset & Wealth Management Other includes the areas Savings and COO.

--- Page 528 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
128
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Total operating income split on product groups
EURm
2019
2018
Banking products
5,642
5,811
Capital Markets products
927
931
Savings products & Asset management
1,455
1,440
Life & Pensions
418
468
Other
193
522
Total
8,635
9,172
Banking products consists of three different product types. 
Account products includes account based products such as 
lending, deposits, cards and Netbank services. Transaction prod-
ucts consists of cash management as well as trade and project 
finance services. Financing products includes asset based 
financing through leasing, hire purchase and factoring as well as 
sales to finance partners such as dealers, vendors and retailers. 
Capital Markets products contains financial instruments, or 
arrangements for financial instruments, that are available in 
the financial marketplace, including currencies, commodities, 
stocks and bonds. 
Savings products & Asset management includes Investment 
funds, Discretionary Management, Portfolio Advice, Equity Trad-
ing and Pension Accounts. Investment Funds are a bundled 
product in which the fund company invests in stocks, bonds, 
derivatives or other standardised products on behalf of the 
funds shareholders. Discretionary Management is a service pro-
viding the management of an investment portfolio on behalf of 
the customer and Portfolio Advice is a service provided to sup-
port customers investment decisions. 
Life & Pensions includes life insurance and pension products 
and services.
Geographical information
Total operating  
income, EURm
Assets, EURbn
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sweden
2,232
2,665
139
144
Finland 
1,726
1,731
127
133
Norway
1,684
1,660
97
86
Denmark
2,447
2,493
177
168
Other 
546
623
15
20
Total
8,635
9,172
555
551
Nordea’s main geographical markets comprise the Nordic 
countries. Revenues and assets are distributed to geographi-
cal areas based on the location of customers’ operations. 
Goodwill is allocated to different countries based on the loca-
tion of the business activities of the acquired entities.
G4. Net interest income
Interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method1
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
4,318
4,491
1)  Of which contingent leasing income amounts to EUR 78m (EUR 70m). Contingent 
leasing income at Nordea consists of variable interest rates, excluding the fixed mar-
gin. If the contingent leasing income decreases, there will be an offsetting impact 
from lower funding expenses. Interest income on the net investment in finance leas-
es amounts to EUR 155m (EUR 147m).
G3. Segment reporting, cont.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Total  operating 
income, EURm
Operating  
profit, EURm
Loans to 
 the public, EURbn
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public, EURbn
2019
2018
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total Operating  segments
9,351
9,536
2,903
4,432
297
282
161
154
Group functions1
–7
25
–222
–141
–
–
–
–
Unallocated items
27
235
–85
140
29
28
9
12
Eliminations
–8
–7
–
–
–
–
–
–
Differences in  accounting policies2
–728
–617
–483
–478
–3
–2
–1
–1
Total
8,635
9,172
2,113
3,953
323
308
169
165
1)  Consists of Group Business Risk Management, Group People, Group Legal, Group Internal Audit, Chief of staff office, Group Business Support and Group Risk & Compliance.
2)  Impact from different plan exchange rates and internal allocation principles used in the segment reporting.

--- Page 529 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
129
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method
EURm
2019
2018
Loans to credit institutions
589
529
Loans to the public
5,345
5,066
Interest-bearing securities
254
274
Yield fees and interest on hedges of assets
211
109
Interest income calculated using  
the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Loans at fair value to the public
1,177
793
Interest-bearing securities measured at fair 
value
181
210
Yield fees and other interest income on fair 
value assets
–8
444
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Interest expense
EURm
2019
2018
Deposits by credit institutions
–328
–336
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–523
–457
Debt securities in issue
–2,729
–2,585
Subordinated liabilities
–417
–335
Other interest expenses1
663
811
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
1)  The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value, related to Nordea´s 
funding. This can have both a positive and negative impact on other interest expenses, 
for further information see Note G1 “Accounting policies“.
Interest from categories of financial instruments
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
214
253
Financial assets at amortised cost
5,929
5,675
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (related to hedging instruments)
–7
–85
Financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss
1,304
1,410
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–3,129
–2,879
Financial liabilities at fair value through  
profit or loss
7
117
Net Interest Income 
4,318
4,491
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant  
portion of interest income.
G5. Net fee and commission income
EURm
2019
2018
Asset management commissions
1,455
1,440
- of which income
1,748
1,741
- of which expense
–293
–301
Life & Pension
251
258
- of which income
259
290
- of which expense
–8
–32
Deposit Products
23
23
- of which income
23
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
157
173
- of which income
368
280
- of which expense
–211
–107
Custody and issuer services
41
49
- of which income
74
90
- of which expense
–33
–41
Payments
307
302
- of which income
413
419
- of which expense
–106
–117
Cards
220
218
- of which income
350
341
- of which expense
–130
–123
Lending Products
429
399
- of which income
458
425
- of which expense
–29
–26
Guarantees
111
116
- of which income
131
133
- of which expense
–20
–17
Other 
17
15
- of which income
107
104
- of which expense
–90
–89
Total
3,011
2,993
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest 
rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at  
fair value through profit or loss amounts to EUR 390m  
(EUR 383m).
Fee income, not included in determining the effective inter-
est rate, from fiduciary activities that result in the holding or 
investing of assets on behalf of customers amounts to  
EUR 2,375m (EUR 2,311m). The corresponding amount for  
fee expenses is EUR –8m (EUR –32m).
G4. Net interest income, cont.

--- Page 530 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
130
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Break down by Business Areas
EURm, 2019
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
33
5
1,238
0
0
1,455
Life & Pension
59
27
5
160
0
0
251
Deposit Products
9
13
1
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
23
29
75
33
0
–3
157
Custody and issuer services
6
5
36
3
–7
–2
41
Payments
83
160
69
1
1
–7
307
Cards
149
48
13
1
0
9
220
Lending Products
139
133
154
3
0
0
429
Guarantees
9
36
66
0
0
0
111
Other 
16
10
20
–23
1
–7
17
Total
672
494
444
1,416
–5
–10
3,011
EURm, 2018
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
37
11
1,213
0
0
1,440
Life & Pension
60
24
4
170
0
0
258
Deposit Products
10
11
2
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
25
20
102
31
–2
–3
173
Custody and issuer services
8
7
36
9
–10
–1
49
Payments
89
164
53
–1
1
–4
302
Cards
170
35
12
1
0
0
218
Lending Products
117
101
179
1
0
1
399
Guarantees
7
40
71
0
0
–2
116
Other 
21
18
3
–15
–4
–8
15
Total
686
457
473
1,409
–15
–17
2,993
G6. Net result from items at fair value
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
734
226
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
110
684
Other financial instruments  
(including credit and commodities)
103
55
Life insurance 1,2
77
123
Total
1,024
1,088
1)  Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life 
insurance consequently provides the true impact from the Life insurance operations.
2) Premium income amounts to EUR 394m (EUR 840m).
Break­down of life insurance
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
1,571
–515
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
283
–65
Investment properties
123
125
Change in technical provisions
–1,794
20
Change in collective bonus potential
–139
512
Insurance risk income
66
91
Insurance risk expense
–33
–45
Total
77
123
Net result from  categories of financial instruments 
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
90
–45
Financial assets designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
199
–41
Financial liabilities designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
–5,167
1,385
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily  
at fair value through profit or loss1
7,651
–1,885
Financial assets at amortised cost2
206
104
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–732
315
Foreign exchange gains/losses  
excluding currency hedges
94
512
Non-financial assets and liabilities
–1,317
743
Total
1,024
1,088
1) Of which amortised deferred day one profit amounts to EUR 41m (EUR 39m).
2)  Gain or loss recognised in the income statement arising from derecognition of finan-
cial assets measured at amortised cost amounts to EUR 65m (EUR 53m) of which 
EUR 65m (EUR 53m) is gains and EUR 0m (EUR 0m) is losses. The reason for 
derecognition is that the assets have been prepaid by the customer or sold.
G5. Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 531 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
131
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G8. Staff costs, cont. 
G7. Other operating income
EURm
2019
2018
Divestments of shares1
138
385
Income from real estate
3
2
Sale of tangible and intangible assets
9
9
Other
82
80
Total
232
476
1)  2019: Gain related to sale of LR Realkredit EUR 138m. 2018: Gain related to sale of 
Nordea Liv & Pension Denmark EUR 262m, gain related to divestment of UC EUR 
87m and sale of Ejendomme EUR 36m.
Remuneration to the Board of  Directors1 
EUR
2019
2018
Chairman of the Board:
Torbjörn Magnusson6
267,000
–
Björn Wahlroos4
80,088 
320,045
Vice Chairman of the Board:
Kari Jordan5
128,250
–
Lars G Nordström4
42,725 
180,323
Other Board members2:
Pernille Erenbjerg
146,638
121,434 
Nigel Hinshelwood
181,300
120,818 
Petra von Hoeken5
116,250
–
Robin Lawther
134,750
127,879 
Torbjörn Magnusson6
30,388
91,552 
John Maltby5
116,250
–
Sarah Russell
151,400
140,467 
Silvija Seres4
30,388
121,435 
Kari Stadigh3
–
34,566 
Birger Steen
173,900
140,467 
Maria Varsellona
124,138
121,434 
Lars Wollung3
–
29,882 
Total
1,723,465
1,550,302
1) Board remuneration consists of a fixed annual fee and a fixed annual fee for  
committee work. Any benefits are included at taxable values. 
2) Employee representatives excluded.
3) Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2018.
4) Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
5) New member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
6) Elected as Chairman of the Board as from the AGM 2019
Remuneration for the Board of Directors, 
the CEO and Group Leadership Team 
Board remuneration
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2019 decided on annual 
remuneration for the Board of Directors (the Board), for the 
Chairman amounting to EUR 300,000, for the Deputy Chair-
man EUR 145,000 and for other members to EUR 95,000. 
In addition, the annual remuneration paid for board com-
mittee work on the Board Operations and Sustainability Com-
mittee, the Board Audit Committee and the Board Risk Com-
mittee amounts to EUR 60,000 for the committee chairmen 
and EUR 30,000 for the other members. Remuneration for 
board committee work on the Board Remuneration Commit-
tee amounts to EUR 42,000 for the committee chairman and 
EUR 26,000 for the other members. 
Separate remuneration is not paid to members who are 
employees of the Nordea Group. 
Nordea covers or reimburses all direct expenses for the 
members of the Board of Directors, including travel, logistics 
and accommodation, related to board work.
There are no commitments for severance pay, pension or 
other remuneration for the members of the Board at 31 
December 2019.
G8. Staff costs
EURm
2019
2018
Salaries and remuneration (specification below)1
–2,370
–2,361
Pension costs (specification below)
–269
–292
Social security  contributions
–452
–434
Other staff costs2
74
89
Total 
–3,017
–2,998
Salaries and remuneration
To executives3
-  Fixed compensation and benefits
–19
–22
-  Performance-related compensation
–7
–11
Total
–26
–33
To other employees
–2,344
–2,328
Total
–2,370
–2,361
1)  Of which allocation to profit sharing 2019 EUR 10m (EUR 57m), consisting of a new 
allocation of EUR 22m (EUR 46m) and an adjustment related to prior years of EUR 
12m (EUR 10m). 
2)  Including capitalisation of IT project with EUR 166m (EUR 190m).
3)  Executives include the Board of Directors (including deputies), CEO, deputy CEO, 
executive vice presidents and Group Leadership Team in the parent company as well 
as the Board of Directors (including deputies), managing directors and executive 
vice presidents in operating group undertakings. Former board members (including 
deputies), CEOs, deputy CEOs, managing directors and executive vice presidents, in 
the parent company and operating subsidiaries, are also included. Executives 
amount to 137 (130) individuals.
Pension costs1
EURm
2019
2018
Defined benefits plans (Note G34)2
–37
–43
Defined contribution plans
–232
–249
Total
–269
–292
1)  Pension cost for executives, as defined in footnote 3 above, amounts to  
EUR 4m (EUR 3m) and pension obligations to EUR 8m (EUR 13m).
2)  Excluding social security contributions. Including social security contributions  
EUR 46m (EUR 54m).

--- Page 532 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
132
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Leadership Team (GLT)
Fixed salary1
GLT Executive Incentive 
Programme2
Benefits1
Total
EUR
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen3
408,314
–
158,416
–
 7,844
–
574,574
–
Casper von Koskull4
958,339
1,334,678
229,145
691,000
 50,509
92,571
1,237,993
2,118,249
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen5
131,729
–
59,905
–
4,414
–
 196,048
–
Group Chief Operating Officer and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen6
877,633
1,258,392
214,972
775,699
 43,921
58,399
1,136,526
2,092,490
Group Leadership Team:
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim 
 Deputy Managing Director7
5,232,982
5,600,291
1,454,983
3,298,847
86,786
86,987
6,774,751
8,986,125
Total
7,608,997
8,193,361
2,117,421
4,765,546
193,474
237,957
9,919,892 13,196,864
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull
417,852
–
109,470
–
18,649
–
545,971
–
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
302,702
–
–
–
833
–
303,535
–
Total8
8,329,551
8,193,361
2,226,891
4,765,546
212,956
237,957
10,769,398 13,196,864
1)  The fixed salary is paid in local currencies and converted to EUR based on the average 
exchange rate each year. The fixed salary includes holiday pay and car allowance where 
applicable. Benefits are included at taxable values after salary deductions (if any).
2)  Up until 2012 the CEO and members of GLT were offered a Variable Salary Part (VSP) 
and a share-based Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP). Since 2013, an Executive 
Incentive Programme (formerly GEM EIP, now GLT EIP) was offered. The outcome from 
GLT EIP 2019 has been expensed in full in 2019 but will be paid out over a five-year 
deferral period with forfeiture clauses compliant to remuneration regulations. Part of 
the GLT EIP 2019 deferred outcome is delivered in Nordea shares (excluding dividends), 
with a post-deferral one-year retention period.
3)  The annual fixed base salary of Frank Vang-Jensen as CEO was EUR 1,250,000 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 7,293. Frank Vang-Jensen 
took up the position as CEO on 5 September 2019.
4)  The annual fixed base salary to Casper von Koskull as CEO was EUR 1,354,462 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily housing benefits and tax consultation, amounting to EUR 
45,370. Casper von Koskull stepped down as CEO on 5 September 2019.
5)  The annual fixed base salary to Jussi Koskinen as Interim Deputy Managing Director 
was EUR 450,000 in 2019. Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 
4,059. Jussi Koskinen took up the position as Interim Deputy Managing Director on 10 
September 2019.
6)  The annual fixed base salary to Torsten Hagen Jørgensen as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO was DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 1,146,516) in 2019. In addition, car and holiday allowance 
paid amount to DKK 608,053 (EUR 81,442). Benefits included primarily housing ben-
efits, amounting to EUR 41,846. Torsten Hagen Jørgensen stepped down as Group COO 
and Deputy CEO by 10 September 2019.
7)  Remuneration to other GLT members is included for the period they have been appoint-
ed and eligible for GLT EIP 2019. Two GLT members left Nordea during 2019, one on 8 
May 2019 and one on 10 September 2019. Two new GLT members were appointed on 17 
December 2019.
8)  Severance pay committed during 2019 to the five executives leaving Nordea amounts 
to EUR 2,427,212, of which EUR 0 is to the former CEO. Total remuneration to be paid in 
2020 during the notice period to the five executives after leaving Nordea amounts to 
EUR 3,547,455, of which EUR 1,540,425 is to the former CEO and includes fixed salary, 
pension cost and benefits. These provisions are not included in the above table.
Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP) 2012
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019. 
No current GLT members have outstanding LTIP shares.
Salary and benefits
The BRC prepares alterations in salary levels and outcome of 
the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) as well as 
other changes in the remuneration package for the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO), the Interim Deputy Managing Direc-
tor and the other members of Group Leadership Team (GLT), 
for resolution by the Board. 
GLT EIP 2019, which is based on specific targets, could be  
a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. In accordance with 
remuneration regulations 40% of the GLT EIP 2019 will be 
paid out in 2020, 30% will be deferred to 2023 and 30% to 
2025. In line with regulatory requirements, 50% of the GLT 
EIP 2019 outcome is delivered in Nordea shares, which are 
subject to retention for 12 months when the deferral period 
ends. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, tax consultation 
and housing. 
Members of the GLT are indemnified for legal expenses 
incurred in relation to legal advice in defending or disputing 
certain claims or investigations from third parties, excluding 
crimes or actions made with intent or gross negligence. For 
each GLT member, the indemnity is capped at an aggregate 
amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the Board of Directors decides 
otherwise on a case-by-case basis. The indemnity is second-
ary to any other insurance coverage.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019 
Frank Vang-Jensen was appointed CEO on 5 September 2019. 
Remuneration for the CEO consists of three components: 
G8. Staff costs, cont. 
Number of outstanding shares
LTIP 2012
Former Chief Executive Officers (former CEOs):
Christian Clausen
15,075
Casper von Koskull
10,620
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (former Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
9,848
Total
35,543

--- Page 533 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
133
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary for the CEO was decided to 
be EUR 1,250,000 as of 5 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and could 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019, 
as CEO, the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 
158,416.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 7,844 and include 
primarily car benefits. 
Total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on the 
three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
574,574.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
Casper von Koskull was appointed CEO on 1 November 2015 
and stepped down on 5 September 2019. Remuneration until 
5 September 2019 for the CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as CEO was decided to be 
EUR 1,354,462 as from 1 January 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 229,145. The out-
come is pro-rata reflecting the period until 5 September 2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 50,509 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits and tax consultation. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on 
the three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
1,237,993.
The CEO took part in past LTIPs until 2012. For more infor-
mation on LTIP see the separate section on remuneration in 
the Board of Directors’ report and above. 
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
Jussi Koskinen was appointed Interim Deputy Managing 
Director on 10 September 2019. Remuneration for the Interim 
Deputy Managing Director consisted of three components: 
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary, as Interim Deputy Managing 
Director, was EUR 450,000 including holiday allowance as of 
10 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 59,905. 
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 4,414 and included 
primarily car benefits.
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Interim Deputy 
Managing Director, based on the three components (exclud-
ing pension) amounted to EUR 196,048.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen was appointed Group COO and 
Deputy CEO on 1 November 2015 and stepped down on 10 
September 2019. Remuneration for the Group COO and Depu-
ty CEO consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT 
EIP and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO for 2019 was decided to be DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 
1,146,516).
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 214,972. The 
outcome is pro-rata reflecting the period until 10 September 
2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 43,921 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 1,136,526.
The Group COO and Deputy CEO took part in past LTIPs 
until 2012. For more information on the LTIPs, see the sepa-
rate section on remuneration in the Board of Directors’ report 
and above. 
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
Remuneration for the former CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. Total earned remuneration for 2019, 
as Former CEO, based on the three components (excluding 
pension) amounted to EUR 545,971.
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
Remuneration for the former Group COO and deputy CEO 
consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT Execu-
tive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) and benefits. Total 
earned remuneration for 2019, as former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 303,535
Pension 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019
The CEO is covered by a defined contribution plan from 5 
September 2019. The pension contribution was 30% of the 
fixed base salary.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
During the period 1 January 2019 to 5 September 2019 the 
CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension scheme 
and in addition had a defined contribution plan correspond-
ing to 8.5% of fixed salary. According to the statutory pension 
rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or retained in 
2020 is included in pensionable income.
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
The Interim Deputy Managing Director is covered by the 
Finnish statutory pension scheme. According to the statutory 
pension rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or 
retained in 2020 is included in pensionable income.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
The Group COO and Deputy CEO had a defined contribution 
plan. The pension contribution was 30% of fixed base salary.
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
During the period 5 September 2019 to 31 December 2019  
the former CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
G8. Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 534 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
134
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Pension expense and pension obligation
2019
2018
EUR
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Frank Vang-Jensen
122,494
–
–
–
Casper von Koskull
74,620
–
313,663
357,936
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
(Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
238,857
–
344,546
–
Group Leadership Team (GLT):
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim Deputy Managing 
Director3
905,302
1,004,303
872,073
777,583
Board members:4
Lars G Nordström
–
–
–
312,465
Total
1,341,273
1,004,303
1,530,282
1,447,984
Former Chairman of the Board, former CEOs and Deputy CEOs:
Vesa Vainio5
–
5,118,594
–
4,844,682
Lars G Nordström
–
313,010
–
–
Casper von Koskull6
35,026
399,536
–
–
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen7
96,893
–
–
–
Total
1,473,192
6,835,443
1,530,282
6,292,666
1) The pension expense is related to pension premiums paid under defined contribution 
agreements and pension rights earned during the year under defined benefit agree-
ments (Current service cost and Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19). 
Of the total pension expense EUR 1,436,414 (EUR 1,471,537) relates to defined contribu-
tion agreements. Contributions to the Finnish statutory pension schemes are reported 
as part of the social charges and thus excluded from the above disclosure. 
2) The pension obligation (value of defined benefit pension plan liabilities) is calculated in 
accordance with IAS 19. The obligation is dependent on changes in actuarial assump-
tions and inter-annual variations can therefore be significant. IAS 19 includes an 
assumption about future increases in salary, so that the pension obligations disclosed 
are the earned pension rights calculated using the expected salary levels at retirement. 
The pension plans are funded, meaning that these obligations are backed with plan 
assets with fair value generally on a similar level as the obligations. 
3) Members of GLT included for the period they are appointed. The pension obligation is 
the value of pension liabilities toward three Swedish GLT members on 31 December 
2019.
4) Employee representatives excluded. The pension obligation is in accordance with the 
collective pension agreement BTP2 and earned during the employment period for one 
Swedish board member. 
5) The pension obligation is mainly due to defined benefit pension rights earned at, and 
funded by, banks forming Nordea. The increase compared to 2018 is mainly due to 
lower interest rates applied in the valuation.
6) The pension obligation is in accordance with the collective pension agreement BTP2  
in Sweden and earned from 5 September to 31 December 2019.
7) The pension contribution is in accordance with the agreed terms and conditions for  
the period from 10 September to 31 December 2019.
G8. Staff costs, cont. 
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
During the notice period the former Group COO and Deputy 
CEO had a defined contribution plan. The pension contribu-
tion was 30% of fixed base salary.
Group Leadership Team (GLT)
The pension agreements for the other seven GLT members 
vary according to local country practices. Pension agreements 
are defined contribution plans or a combination of defined 
contribution and defined benefit plans. 
As of 31 December 2019, three members had pensions in 
accordance with the Swedish collective agreement, one in 
BTP1 (defined contribution plan) and two in BTP2 (defined 
benefit plan), with complementing defined contribution plans 
on top of the collective agreement. The pension contribution 
was in total 30% of fixed salary. 
One member had a defined contribution plan in accor-
dance with local practices in Denmark. The pension contribu-
tion is in total 30% of fixed base salary. 
One member was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
Two members do not have a pension agreement with 
Nordea.
Notice period and severance pay
In accordance with the employment contract the CEO has a 
notice period of 12 months and Nordea a notice period of 12 
months. The CEO has severance pay equal to 12 months’ sal-
ary, to be reduced by any salary he receives from other 
employment during these 12 months.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director and seven GLT 
members have a notice period of six months and Nordea a 
notice period of 12 months. Severance pay of up to 12 months’ 
salary is provided to be reduced by any salary the executive 
receives from other employment during the severance pay 
period. 
Additional disclosures on remuneration 
The Board of Directors report includes a separate section on 
remuneration, page 56. Additional disclosures for all Nordea 
employees will be published in a separate report on www.
nordea.com no later than one week before the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting on 25 March 2020.

--- Page 535 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
135
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Long Term Incentive Programmes
2019 
2018
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Rights LTIP 2012
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
69,305
207,915
69,305
147,251
441,753
147,251
Granted1
6,925
20,775
6,925
11,576
34,728
11,576
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–38,115
–114,345
–38,115
–89,522
–268,566
–89,522
Outstanding at end of year2
38,115
114,345
38,115
69,305
207,915
69,305
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2011
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
40,794
68,160
18,357
75,642
126,385
34,038
Granted1
4,072
6,803
1,832
5,946
9,935
2,676
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–44,866
–74,963
–20,189
–40,794
–68,160
–18,357
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
40,794
68,160
18,357
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2010
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
0
0
0
19,193
20,275
8,634
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–
–
–
–19,193
–20,275
–8,634
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
0
0
0
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
1)  Granted rights are compensation for dividend on the underlying Nordea share during the year.
2) Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention requirements by the Nordic FSAs. There is no exercise price for the deferred rights. 
Loans to key management personnel
Loans to key management personnel, as defined in Note G1 
section 28, amount to EUR 2m (EUR 5m). Interest income on 
these loans amounts to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).
For key management personnel who are employed by 
Nordea the same credit terms apply as for other employees. 
In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to 
Nordea's funding cost with a margin of 30 basis points. In 
Denmark the employee interest rate for loans is variable and 
was 2.25% at 31 December 2019. In Norway the employee 
interest rate for loans is variable and was 2.30% at 31 Decem-
ber 2019. In Sweden the employee interest rate on fixed and 
variable interest rate loans is 215 basis points lower than the 
corresponding interest rate for external customers (with a 
lower limit of 50 basis points). There is currently a cap of 50 
Swedish price base amounts both on fixed and variable inter-
est rate loans. For interest on loans above the defined caps, 
the same terms apply as for premium customers. Loans to 
family members of key management personnel are granted 
on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management 
personnel who are not employed by Nordea.
Long Term Incentive Programmes
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019.
Share-based payment transactions
From 2019, Nordea operates deferrals in financial instruments 
on parts of variable remuneration for certain employee cat-
egories. Parts of variable remuneration are deferred for deliv-
ery after three years or deferred for delivery in equal instal-
ments over a three to five year period. Once financial instru-
ments are no longer in deferral, a retention period for certain 
employee categories is applied. Since 2011 and until 2018, 
Nordea operated share-linked deferrals as well as retention 
on parts of variable remuneration through the use indexation 
with Nordea’s Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for certain 
employee categories. Due to that the allocation of variable 
compensation is not finally decided during the current year, 
the deferred amount during the year in the table below relates 
to variable compensation earned the previous year.
In addition, in 2013 Nordea introduced the Executive Incen-
tive Programme (“EIP”) which aims to strengthen Nordea’s 
capability to recruit, motivate and retain selected people 
leaders and key employees outside of GLT, and aims to 
reward strong performance. The aim is also to further stimu-
late these people whose efforts have direct impact on 
Nordea’s result, profitability and long term value growth. The 
EIP rewards performance meeting agreed predetermined tar-
gets on Group, business unit and individual level. The effect 
on the long term result is to be considered when determining 
the targets. The EIP shall not exceed the fixed salary. The EIP 
for 2019 shall be paid in the form of cash and financial instru-
ments and be subject to deferral, forfeiture clauses and reten-
tion in line with relevant remuneration regulations. Deferred 
EIP awards are normally delivered pro-rata during the defer-
ral period. There are no vesting conditions for the pro-
gramme, but forfeitures and clawbacks are possible under 
certain conditions. Participation in the programme is offered 
to up to 400 selected people leaders and key employees, 
G8. Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 536 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
136
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Average number of employees, Full­time equivalents
Total
Men
Women
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Denmark 
7,904
8,505
4,560
4,826
3,344
3,679
Sweden
6,712
7,055
3,294
3,494
3,418
3,561
Finland
6,368
6,459
2,448
2,404
3,920
4,055
Norway
2,952
2,962
1,599
1,598
1,353
1,364
Poland
4,006
2,980
2,274
1,636
1,732
1,344
Russia
335
396
123
148
212
248
Estonia
432
253
142
78
290
175
Luxembourg
254
434
141
245
113
189
United States
116
116
56
56
60
60
Singapore
64
75
28
32
36
43
United Kingdom
54
58
31
35
23
23
Germany
45
44
27
26
18
18
China
29
29
12
12
17
17
Switzerland
5
10
4
5
1
5
Italy
10
9
7
6
3
3
Spain
6
5
3
3
3
2
Brazil
0
2
0
2
–
–
France
3
3
3
3
–
–
Chile
3
–
2
–
1
–
Belgium
2
–
2
–
–
–
Total average
29,300
29,395
14,756
14,609
14,544
14,786
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period
29,000
28,990
except for members of GLT who were instead offered a GLT 
EIP (further information about the GLT EIP can be found in 
the Remuneration section in the Board of Director’s Report), 
within the Nordea Group. The EIP is offered instead of 
Nordea’s LTIP and VSP for the employees invited. The alloca-
tion of the EIP 2019 is decided during spring 2020. A provision 
of EUR 20m excl. social costs is made 2019 for the cash set-
tled part. The same amount was recognised as an expense in 
the income statement for the equity settled part and as an 
increase in equity in the balance sheet.
The table below only includes deferred amounts indexed 
with Nordea TSR. The EIP has been included as from 2014, 
when deferred. Further information regarding all deferred 
amounts can be found in the separate report on remuneration 
published on Nordea’s homepage (www.nordea.com).
Share linked deferrals
EURm
2019
2018
Opening balance
89
109
Deferred/earned during the year
40
45
TSR indexation during the year
–11
–15
Payments during the year
–44
–49
Translation differences
–
–1
Closing balance
74
89
Gender distribution
In the parent company's Board of Directors, of the AGM 
elected Board members, 50% (50%) were men and 50% 
(50%) were women. In the Board of Directors of the Nordea 
Group companies, 68% (70%) were men and 32% (30%) 
were women. The corresponding numbers for other execu-
tives were 74% (72%) men and 26% (28%) women. Internal 
Boards consist mainly of management in Nordea, the 
employee representatives excluded.
G8. Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 537 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
137
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G9. Other expenses
EURm
2019
2018
Information technology 
–530
–484
Marketing and representation
–59
–60
Postage, transportation, telephone  
and office expenses
–66
–83
Rents, premises and real estate
–150
–312
Resolution fee
–211
–167
Other
–623
–460
Total
–1,639
–1,566
Auditors’ fees 
EURm
2019
2018
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditing assignments
–9
–10
Audit-related services1
–1
–1
Tax advisory services
–
0
Other assignments1
–1
–1
Total
–11
–12
1) Of which Audit-related services EUR 0.1m (EUR 0.1m) and Other assignments  
EUR 0.4m (EUR 0.5m) to PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.
G10. Depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment charges of 
tangible and intangible assets
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
–275
–113
Intangible assets 
–283
–194
Total
–558
–307
Impairment charges
Properties and equipment
–27
–
Intangible assets 
–745
–175
Total
–772
–175
Total
–1,330
–482
G11. Net loan losses
EURm, 2019
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest­ 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
2
–6
1
–15
–18
Net loan losses, stage 2
6
–46
0
–29
–69
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
8
–52
1
–44
–87
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
1
–48
–
–1
–48
Realised loan losses
–
–443
–
–9
–452
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
312
–
9
321
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
1
46
–
–
47
Reimbursement right
–
–
–
3
3
New/increase in provisions 
–
–555
–
–16
–571
Reversals of provisions
–
223
–
28
251
Net loan losses, defaulted
2
–465
0
14
–449
Net loan losses
10
–517
1
–30
–536
EURm, 2018
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest­ 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
3
–14
0
–5
–16
Net loan losses, stage 2
10
51
0
–10
51
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
13
37
0
–15
35
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
3
–47
–
–1
–45
Realised loan losses
–1
–465
–
–13
–479
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
280
–
13
293
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
2
42
–
–
44
New/increase in provisions 
–
–494
–
–60
–554
Reversals of provisions
0
456
–
77
533
Net loan losses, defaulted
4
–228
–
16
–208
Net loan losses
17
–191
0
1
–173
1) Includes individually identified assets for which the provision has been calculated based on statistical models.
2) Provisions included in Note G14 “Loans and impairment“.
3) Provisions included in G33 “Provisions”.

--- Page 538 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
138
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G12. Taxes
Income tax expense
EURm
2019
2018
Current tax
–1,051
–891
Deferred tax
480
19
Total
–571
–872
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehen-
sive income, see Statement of comprehensive income.
The tax on the Group’s operating profit differs from the 
theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate in  
Finland as follows:
EURm
2019
2018
Profit before tax
2,113
3,953
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20.0%
–423
–791
Effect of different tax rates in other countries
–61
–197
Interest on subordinated debt
–24
–18
Income from associated undertakings
–18
22
Tax-exempt income
53
158
Non-deductible expenses
–46
–30
Adjustments relating to prior years
–26
17
Utilisation and origination of unrecognised tax 
assets
–57
0
Change of tax rate
–2
10
Effect of outside basis differences
49
0
Not creditable foreign taxes
–16
–43
Tax charge
–571
–872
Average effective tax rate
27%
22%
Deferred tax
Deferred  
tax assets
Deferred  
tax liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Deferred tax related to:
Tax losses carry-forward
118
105
–
–
Loans to the public
74
36
387
363
Derivatives
126
2
28
355
Intangible assets
0
3
94
63
Investment properties
0
–
4
34
Retirement benefit  
assets/obligations
126
39
46
30
Liabilities/provisions
160
66
56
32
Foreign tax credits
225
101
193
–
Other
11
7
26
24
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities
–353
–195
–353
–195
Total
487
164
481
706
The Nordea Group has EUR 487m (EUR 164m) deferred tax 
assets on the balance sheet at the end of 2019. The recogni-
tion of deferred tax assets is based on an assessment of the 
probability and amount of future taxable profits and on future 
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, which 
include estimation uncertainty. The estimation uncertainties 
that are assessed to pose significant risks of resulting in 
material adjustments to the carrying amount of deferred  
tax assets are described below.
The balance includes a gross asset of EUR 104m recog-
nised in relation to Danish tax losses of Nordea Bank Abp. 
These losses can be carried forward with no expiry. Manage-
ment expects the tax losses to be utilised within the next 
three to four years based on estimated taxable profits avail-
able under currently applied capitalisation policies for tax 
purposes, and sooner if the company opts out from recognis-
ing expenses for tax purposes in excess of expenses under 
accounting rules. Furthermore, Nordea Bank Abp's head 
office in Finland has recognised a EUR 225m deferred tax 
asset in relation to unused foreign tax credits that manage-
ment expects to be utilised within the expiry period of five 
years. This expectation is based on estimated future taxable 
profits from foreign operations, reversal of temporary differ-
ences and upfront taxation in Finland of certain types of 
income compared to relevant branch jurisdictions.
Additionally, the Group has unrecognised deferred tax 
assets of EUR 54m (EUR 87m) in relation to tax loss carry for-
wards in various entities as well as EUR 334m (EUR 141m) in 
relation to unused foreign tax credits in Nordea Bank Abp, 
Nordea Investment Management AB and Nordea Funds Ltd. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to tax losses may 
be recovered in the event of extraordinary taxable income 
arising in the relevant entities. Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets relating to foreign tax credits may be recovered in the 
event of unexpected timing of taxation or tax base between 
head office and branches.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unrecognised deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses carry-forward  
with no expirey date
54
87
Unused tax credits
334
141
Total
388
228
G13. Earnings per share
2019
2018
Earnings:
Profit attributable to shareholders of Nordea 
Bank Abp, EURm
1,519
3,070
Number of shares (in millions):
Number of shares outstanding at  
beginning of year
4,050
4,050
Average number of own shares
–15
–14
Weighted average number of basic shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,036
Adjustment for diluted weighted average 
number of additional ordinary shares 
outstanding1
0
1
Weighted average number of diluted shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,037
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
1)  Relates to the Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP). For further information on 
these programmes, see Note G1 “Accounting policies” section 23.

--- Page 539 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
139
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G14. Loans and impairment
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans measured at fair value through profit and loss
83,624
77,521
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2)
254,412
247,204
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,312
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Loans before allowances
342,646
329,306
- of which central banks and credit institutions
17,737
18,977
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3)
–1,686
–1,599
- of which servicing
–783
–720
- of which non-servicing
–903
–879
Allowances for not impaired loans (stage 1 and 2)
–497
–441
Allowances
–2,183
–2,040
- of which central banks and credit institutions 
–14
–15
Loans, carrying amount
340,463
327,266
Nordea has granted EUR 148bn (EUR 138bn) in mortgage credits. No intermediary credits or public sector credits  
have been granted. 
G15. Interest-bearing securities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
State, municipalities and other public bodies
15,528
18,756
Mortgage institutions
25,447
28,077
Other credit institutions
13,372
24,736
Corporates
8,282
4,601
Other
2,301
52
Total
64,930
76,222
Provisions for credit risks amount to EUR 1m (EUR 2m).
G16. Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
In repurchase transactions and in securities lending transac-
tions, non-cash assets are transferred as collateral. When the 
counterpart receiving the collateral has the right to sell or 
repledge the assets, the assets are reclassified in the balance 
sheet to the item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Total
7,151
7,568
For information on transferred assets and reverse repos, see 
Note G42 ”Financial instruments set off on balance or subject 
to netting agreements”.
G17. Shares
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Shares 
3,285
4,407
Fund units, equity related
7,557
5,679
Fund units, interest related
3,342
2,366
Total
14,184
12,452
G18. Assets and deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Interest-bearing securities
1,363
1,284
Shares 
29,049
23,076
Properties
307
158
Other assets
80
65
Total
30,799
24,583
Liabilities
Pooled schemes
4,377
3,964
Unit-linked investment contracts
27,482
21,689
Total
31,859
25,653
The Life Group and Nordea Denmark, branch of Nordea Bank 
Abp, have assets and liabilities included on their balance 
sheet for which customers bear the risk. Since the assets and 
liabilities legally belong to the entities, which also carries risks 
and rewards, these assets and liabilities are included on the 
Group’s balance sheet.

--- Page 540 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
140
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
20,077
19,354
3,521,834
FRAs
7
28
1,353,157
Futures and forwards
13
13
126,999
Options
5,308
5,984
378,691
Total
25,405
25,379
5,380,681
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
68
93
6,399
Futures and forwards
1
35
1,018
Options
221
459
10,325
Total
290
587
17,742
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,735
7,890
417,689
Currency forwards
4,242
5,290
555,046
Options
96
106
16,938
Total
10,073
13,286
989,673
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
1,011
1,026
140,992
Commodity derivatives
0
0
5,284
Other derivatives
5
20
162
Total
1,016
1,046
146,438
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
17,438
17,476
3,824,871
FRAs
26
8
1,036,172
Futures and forwards
25
27
137,399
Options
5,252
6,025
371,954
Total
22,741
23,536
5,370,396
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
192
138
10,886
Futures and forwards
4
2
1,255
Options
303
638
15,273
Total
499
778
27,414
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,214
9,076
397,180
Currency forwards
4,807
4,360
625,264
Options
108
116
19,879
Other
0
0
0
Total
10,129
13,552
1,042,323
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
536
756
130,921
Commodity derivatives
0
0
92
Other derivatives
10
2
564
Total
546
758
131,577
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
G19. Derivatives and 
hedge accounting
Nordea enters into derivatives for trading and risk manage-
ment purposes. Nordea may take positions with the expecta-
tion of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates or 
indices. The trading portfolio is treated as trading risk for risk 
management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management 
purposes include hedges that either meet the hedge account-
ing requirements or hedges that are economic hedges, but do 
not meet the hedge accounting requirements. The table below 
shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments 
together with their notional amounts. The notional amounts 
indicate the volume of transactions outstanding at the year 
end and are not indicative of either the market or credit risk.
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value hedges1
1,269
1,422
180,547
Cash flow hedges1
1,019
120
22,253
Net investment hedges
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives
39,111
42,047
6,744,692
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
Fair value hedges1
1,959
402
160,440
Cash flow hedges1
1,143
437
20,795
Net investment hedges
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives
37,025
39,547
6,761,489
1)  Some cross currency interest rate swaps are used both as fair value hedges and cash 
flow hedges. The nominal amount of these instruments have been split on the rows 
fair value hedges and cash flow hedges in the table above based on the relative fair 
value of these hedging instruments. The total nominal amount of cross currency 
interest rate swaps was EUR 24,296m on 31 December 2019.

--- Page 541 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
141
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Risk management
Nordea manages its identified market risks according to the 
risk management framework and strategy described in the 
Market risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
Nordea classifies its exposures to market risk into either 
trading (the Trading Book) or non-trading (the Banking Book) 
portfolios that are managed separately. 
The Trading Book consists of all positions in financial instru-
ments held by Nordea either with trading intent, or in order to 
hedge positions held with trading intent. Positions held with 
trading intent are those held intentionally for short-term resale 
or with the intention of benefiting from actual or expected 
short-term price differences between buying and selling pric-
es, or from other price or interest rate variations. 
The Banking Book comprises all positions not held in the 
Trading Book. All hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are 
performed in the Banking Book. The hedging instruments and 
risks hedged are further described below per risk and hedge 
accounting type.
Interest rate risk
Nordea’s primary business model is to collect deposits and use 
these funds to provide loans and other funding products and 
debt instruments to its customers. Interest rate risk is the 
impact that changes in interest rates could have on Nordea’s 
margins, profit or loss and equity. Interest risk arises from mis-
match of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and assets 
such as deposits, issued debt securities and loan portfolio. 
As part of Nordea’s risk management strategy, the Board 
has established limits on the non-trading interest rate gaps 
for the interest rate sensitivities. These limits are consistent 
with Nordea’s risk appetite and Nordea aligns its hedge 
accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits. 
Nordea’s policy is to monitor positions on a daily basis. For 
further information on measurement of risks, see the Market 
risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.
For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate 
risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notion-
al of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item. 
The hedging ratio is established by matching the notional of 
the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item. 
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present 
value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount 
curves. The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reli-
ably measurable and is typically the most significant compo-
nent of the overall change in fair value or cash flows.
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or eliminate changes in the fair value of 
financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, Nordea enters into fair value hedge relation-
ships as described in Note G1, section 10. Nordea uses pay 
fixed/receive floating interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed 
rate debt instruments and loans and pay floating/receive 
fixed interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed rate liabilities. 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e. notional 
amount, maturity, payment and reset dates).
The below table presents the accumulated fair value 
adjustments arising from continuing hedge relationships, irre-
spective of whether or not there has been a change in hedge 
designation during the year. 
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Carrying amount of hedged assets1
63,864
46,773
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
217
169
Carrying amount of hedged liabilties2
107,001
81,424
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
2,018
1,273
1)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institu-
tions, Loans to the public, Interest-bearing securities and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
2)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Deposits by credit institution, Deposits and 
borrowings from the public, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
3)  Of which all relate to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk.
The following table provides information about the hedging 
instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the bal-
ance sheet: 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,269
1,422
180,547
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,959
402
160,440
The below table presents the changes in the fair value of the 
hedged items and the changes in fair value of the hedging 
instruments used as the basis for recognising ineffectiveness. 
These changes are recognised on the row ”Net result from 
items at fair value” in the income statement. 
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
707
–237
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–688
194
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
19
–43
1) Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2) When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments  
(CVA, DVA, FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedges
For Nordea’s cash flow hedge accounting relationships, the 
hedged risk is the variability in future interest cash flows due 
to changes in market interest rates. In order to reduce or elim-
inate variability in future interest payments, Nordea primarily 
uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments according to 
Nordea’s policies and risk management strategy described in 
Note G1, section 10, and in the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
G19. Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.

--- Page 542 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
142
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G19. Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the inter-
est rate swaps match the terms of the future interest cash 
flows (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges 
addressing interest rate risk including the notional and the 
carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the chang-
es in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions.
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
304
0
10,767
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
6
0
190
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
 whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
 during the year.
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
14
16
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–14
–16
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2 
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
14
16
1) Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan
5
–3
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
14
16
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–3
–3
Transferred to the income statement  
during the year
–6
–6
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
1
1
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
6
8
Total comprehensive income 
6
8
Balance at 31 Dec
11
5
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
11
5
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 543 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
143
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G19. Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The maturity profile of Nordea’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk  
(both fair value and cash flow hedge accounting) follows below:
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
 3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
Total
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Total
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Average rate of instruments hedging interest rate risk 
The average interest rate on the fixed leg of instruments 
hedging interest rate risk per 31 December 2019 is 0.78%.
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For-
eign exchange risk (FX risk) from trading activities is limited 
through a VaR limit while FX risk from structural exposures as 
described below is limited through a stress loss limit for the 
CET1-ratio impact from FX fluctuations in a severe but plau-
sible stress scenario (see the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”). 
Nordea’s issuance of credits and borrowing can be denom-
inated in the currency of the borrower or investor. Borrowing, 
investing and lending are not always executed in the same 
currency, thus exposing Nordea to a foreign exchange risk. 
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist 
between different transactions are predominantly matched 
by entering into cross currency interest rate swaps. The cur-
rency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of cur-
rency risk and the interest component as a fair value hedge of 
interest rate risk.  
In addition to the above, Nordea also has exposure to 
structural foreign currency risk through its foreign operations 
that have a functional currency other than Nordea’s presenta-
tion currency, EUR (i.e. a translation risk). Fluctuation of the 
spot exchange rates will cause Nordea’s reported net invest-
ment in foreign operations to vary and the CET1-ratio to fluc-
tuate from the currency mismatch between equity and Risk 
Exposure Amounts (REA). Nordea applies hedge accounting 
when it hedges its investments in fully consolidated foreign 
operations whose functional currency is not EUR. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, 
the hedged item is a foreign currency component. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notional 
of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.
The currency component is determined as the change in 
present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange 
curves. The foreign currency component is separately identifi-
able and reliably measurable and is typically the most signifi-
cant component of the overall change in fair value or cash 
flows.
Cash flow and net investment hedges 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow and net 
investment hedges addressing currency risks including the 
notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instru-
ments and the changes in fair values used for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and 
ineffective portions.
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
 whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
 during the year. 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
715
120
11,486
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
754
327
18,844
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
1,137
437
20,605
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
1,145
521
29,149

--- Page 544 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
144
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
Total
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
Total
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
G19. Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
138
704
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–138
–704
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised  
in the income statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
138
704
Net investment hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
–62
67
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
62
–67
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
–62
67
1)  Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan 
–17
–43
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
138
704
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–28
–156
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–164
–670
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
34
148
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–20
26
Total comprehensive income 
–20
26
Balance at 31 Dec 
–37
–17
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
–37
–17
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 545 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
145
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G20. Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,603
1,237
Acquisitions during the year
362
335
Sales during the year
–1,414
–3
Share in earnings1
69
122
Dividend received
–19
–23
Reclassifications
–
–28
Translation differences
–8
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
593
1,603
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–2
–2
Impairment charges during the year
–19
–
Accumulated impairment charges  
at end of year
–21
–2
Total
572
1,601
1) See table Share in earnings.
Share in earnings 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Profit from companies accounted  
for under the equity method
69
124
Portfolio hedge, Eksportfinans ASA
–
–2
Share in earnings
69
122
Nordea's share of the associated undertakings’ aggregated 
balance sheets and income statements (excluding Luminor, 
see below) can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total assets
4,259
2,054
Net profit for the year
45
21
Other comprehensive income
1
0
Total comprehensive income
46
21
Nordea has issued contingent liabilities of EUR 0m (EUR 
26m) on behalf of associated undertakings.
Nordea has one material associate, Luminor Holding AS. 
The company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and 
DnB’s businesses in the Baltics. In 2018, the investment was 
classified as a joint venture as Nordea held 50.0% of the vot-
ing rights. In 2019, Nordea sold shares in Luminor and as at 31 
December 2019, Nordea owns 19.9% of the shares in Luminor. 
As communicated in connection with the announcement of 
the deal on 13 September 2018, Nordea and Blackstone have 
additionally entered into a forward sale agreement for the 
sale of Nordea’s remaining 20 per cent stake. The forward 
sale is subject to certain conditions but is expected to com-
plete over the next three financial years.
Luminor is included in the consolidated accounts of Nordea 
via the equity method. Luminor applies IFRS in its consolidated 
accounts and the balance sheet and income statements below 
are based on IFRS. The disclosed figures show the entire Lumi-
nor Group, not just Nordea’s share. The full-year figures for 
2019 were not available when this report was published.
Average rates of instruments hedging foreign  
exchange risk
The average forward exchange rates of instruments hedging 
foreign exchange risk per 31 December 2019 are presented in 
the table below.
31 Dec 2019
NOK
SEK
USD 
RUB
EUR
10.08
10.68
1.10
71.53
The IBOR reform 
The IBOR transition is a global reform with significant impact 
on the financial industry. It will affect a large variety of finan-
cial services and thus individuals, companies and institutions. 
The transition will influence products, market liquidity, risk 
management, data and technology infrastructure as well as 
financials and the balance sheet. IBORs are embedded in a 
vast range of financial instruments including loans, mortgag-
es, bonds, trading product and derivative contracts.
Current expectations are that some IBORs will be replaced, 
while others may continue to exist but with a reformed meth-
odology. There is currently uncertainty as to the timing and 
the methods of transition for the different IBORs and whether 
some existing benchmarks will continue to be supported. 
EONIA (for EUR) as well as LIBOR for e.g. USD, GBP and CHF 
will cease to exist after 2021, while EURIBOR and the Nordic 
IBORs at the moment are expected to be published beyond 
2021 in reformed formats. The uncertainties are expected to 
remain until the relevant contracts are all transitioned into 
new IBORs.
G19. Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Nordea has established an IBOR Transition Programme 
sponsored by the CFO and Group Treasurer to prepare and 
coordinate Group-wide efforts to manage the operational 
impacts and financial risks caused by the transition from 
existing IBOR rates to alternative near risk-free rates. An IBOR 
Transition Office is responsible for the Group-wide coordina-
tion of transition activities and reports to a Steering Commit-
tee with participation from senior management in Business 
Areas and Group Functions to ensure a centralised Nordea 
strategy and senior management steering and oversight. 
Business Areas and Group Functions are responsible for, and 
drive, the execution of changes required for a successful tran-
sition to alternative near risk-free rates.
As explained in Note G1, Nordea has early adopted the 
amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 and is applying the relief 
for the year-end reporting. In the table below, nominal 
amounts of the hedging derivatives in scope for the relief are 
disclosed.
Hedging derivatives with floating leg
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Total nominal amounts
CIBOR
9,122
STIBOR
17,810
NIBOR
12,767
EURIBOR
56,964
LIBOR
24,694
Other
22
Total
121,379

--- Page 546 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
146
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Balance sheet Luminor Group 
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks
2,400
3,275
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
175
204
Loans to the public
10,760
11,451
Interest-bearing securities
222
167
Derivatives
74
46
Other assets
160
167
Total assets
13,791
15,310
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities and equity
Deposits by credit institutions
1,331
3,939
Deposits and borrowings from the public
9,923
9,073
Debt securities in issue
658
350
Derivatives
58
43
Other liabilities
186
106
Equity
1,635
1,799
Total liabilities and equity
13,791
15,310
G20. Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Income statement Luminor Group 
9 months
12 months
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income
228
309
Interest expense
–39
–39
Net commission income
59
83
Net result from items at fair value
19
32
Other income
12
4
Total operating income
279
389
Staff costs
–87
–114
Other administrative expenses
–115
–115
Depreciation and amortisation
–10
–14
Net loan losses
–12
–4
Operating profit
55
142
Income tax expense
–5
–14
Net profit for the year
50
128
Other comprehensive income
2
2
Total comprehensive income
52
130
Reconciliation of the carrying amount in Luminor 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Nordea's share of equity in Luminor
327
1,013
Transaction costs
–
23
Other
–
1
Carrying amount of the holding in Luminor
327
1,037

--- Page 547 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
147
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G20. Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Associated undertakings
31 Dec 2019
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 2019, 
EURm
Carrying 
amount 2018, 
EURm
Voting power 
of holding %
Eksportfinans ASA
816521432
Oslo
153
161
23
Eiendomsverdi AS
881971682
Oslo
15
13
25
Suomen Luotto-osuuskunta
0201646-0
Helsinki
2
2
27
LR Realkredit A/S
26045304
Copenhagen
–
7
39
Nordea Liv & Pension, livforsikringsselskab A/S
24260577
Ballerup
–
326
30
E-nettet Holding A/S
28308019
Copenhagen
3
3
20
Mandrague Capital Partners AB
556854-2780
Stockholm
14
5
40
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy
0974651-1
Helsinki
8
7
33
NF Fleet Oy
2006935-5
Espoo
9
9
20
NF Fleet AB
556692-3271
Stockholm
6
6
20
NF Fleet A/S
29185263
Copenhagen
4
4
20
NF Fleet AS
988906808
Oslo
3
3
20
Bankomat AB
556817-9716
Stockholm 
8
7
20
Visa Sweden
801020-5097
Stockholm 
–
6
–
Luminor Holding AS
14723133
Estonia
327
–
20
P27Nordic Payments Platform AB
559198-9610
Stockholm 
11
–
17
Mondido Payments AB
556960-7129
Stockholm 
4
–
14
Nordic KYC Utility AB
559210-0779
Stockholm 
2
–
17
Subaio ApS
37766585
Aalborg
1
–
25
Other
2
5
Total
572
564
Nordea's share of the joint ventures’ aggregated balance  
sheets and income statements can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 20191
31 Dec 20182
Total assets
–
345
Net profit for the year
–
–4
Other comprehensive income
–
0
Total comprehensive income
–
–4
1) Relacom filed for bankruptcy on 3 January 2020 and is excluded from the disclosure.
2) Estimate based on situation as of Q3 2018.
Joint ventures
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 
2019, EURm
Carrying 
amount 
2018, EURm
Voting 
power of 
holding %
Ownership %
Average 
number of 
FTE
Luminor Group AB1
559072-8316
Stockholm
–
1,037
–
–
–
Relacom Management AB2
556746-3103
Stockholm
–
–
61
61
3,000
Total
–
1,037
Total associated undertakings and joint ventures
572
1,601
1) Luminor Group has been reclassified as an associate in 2019, see above.
2)  The joint control is based on a shareholders' agreement setting out that decisions about all relevant activities in the entity are made jointly. The company filed for bankruptcy on 3 
January 2020.
For information about investments in group undertakings and 
companies in which Nordea has unlimited responsibility, see  
Note P21 ”Investments in group undertakings”.

--- Page 548 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
148
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G21. Intangible assets
Cash-generating units, EURm
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2019
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2019
Total 
31 Dec 2019
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2018
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2018
Total 
31 Dec 2018
Corporate & Investment Banking Denmark
–
47
47
–
87
87
Corporate & Investment Banking Finland
–
50
50
–
117
117
Corporate & Investment Banking Norway
173
69
242
172
87
259
Corporate & Investment Banking Sweden
–
63
63
–
88
88
Financial Institutions Group and International Banks
–
18
18
–
22
22
Business Banking Denmark
141
97
238
141
130
271
Business Banking Finland
–
138
138
–
183
183
Business Banking Norway
519
66
585
462
90
552
Business Banking Sweden
81
116
197
82
175
257
Business Banking Direct
–
23
23
–
30
30
Personal Banking Denmark
447
152
599
447
249
696
Personal Banking Finland
–
189
189
–
231
231
Personal Banking Norway
486
115
601
388
147
535
Personal Banking Sweden
122
324
446
124
389
513
Private Banking Denmark
–
14
14
–
16
16
Private Banking Finland
–
16
16
–
18
18
Private Banking Norway
–
6
6
–
7
7
Private Banking Sweden
–
9
9
–
10
10
Asset Management
–
79
79
–
91
91
Total
1,969
1,591
3,560
1,816
2,167
3,983
Other intangible assets 
–
–
135
–
–
52
Total intangible assets
1,969
1,591
3,695
1,816
2,167
4,035
1) Excluding goodwill in associated undertakings.
Movements in goodwill, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,958
1,995
Acquisitions during the year
150
–
Translation differences
2
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
2,110
1,958
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–142
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–141
Translation differences
1
0
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–141
–142
Total 
1,969
1,816
Movements in computer software, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,788
2,377
Acquisitions during the year
437
534
Sales/disposals during the year
–441
–78
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
14
0
Translation differences
–16
–45
Acquisition value at end of year
2,782
2,788
Accumulated amortisation at beginning of year
–548
–417
Amortisation according to plan for the year
–246
–162
Accumulated amortisation on  
sales/disposals during the year
197
20
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
11
Accumulated amortisation at end of year
–606
–548
Accumulated impairment charges  
at beginning of year
–73
–43
Accumulated impairment charges  
on sales/disposals during the year
244
–
Impairment charges during the year
–742
–32
Translation differences
–14
2
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–585
–73
Total
1,591
2,167

--- Page 549 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
149
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G21 . Intangible assets, cont.
Impairment testing of goodwill and computer software
A cash-generating unit, defined as the operating segment, is 
the basis for the impairment test. The impairment test is per-
formed for each cash-generating unit by comparing the car-
rying amount of the net assets, including goodwill, with the 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the value in 
use and is estimated based on discounted cash flows. Due to 
the long-term nature of the investments, cash flows are 
expected to continue indefinitely.
Cash flows for the coming three years are based on finan-
cial forecasts. The forecasts are based on Nordea’s macro-
economic outlook, including information on GDP growth, 
inflation and benchmark rates for relevant countries. Based 
on these macro forecasts, business areas project how mar-
gins, volumes, sales and costs will develop over the coming 
years. Credit losses are estimated using the long-term aver-
age for the different business areas. This results in an income 
statement for each year. The projected cash flow for each 
year is the forecasted net result in these income statements, 
reduced by the capital needed to grow the business in accor-
dance with the long-term growth assumptions. The projec-
tions take into consideration the major projects initiated in 
Nordea, e.g. the transformation programme. There is also an 
allocation of central costs to business areas to make sure the 
cash flows for the CGUs include all indirect costs. Tax costs 
are estimated based on the standard tax rate. Cash flows for 
the period beyond the forecasting period are based on esti-
mated sector growth rates. Growth rates are based on histori-
cal data, updated to reflect the current situation. 
The derived cash flows are discounted at a rate based on 
the market’s long-term risk-free rate of interest and yield 
requirements. The following growth rates and discount rates 
have been used:
Discount rate1
Growth rate
%
2019
2018
2019
2018
Sweden
6.4
6.6
1.8
2.0
Denmark
6.2
5.9
1.3
1.3
Finland
6.9
5.9
1.3
1.3
Norway
7.9
6.4
1.8
1.8
Russia
–
9.2
–
0.0
1) Post–tax.
The impairment tests conducted in 2019 did not indicate any 
need for goodwill impairment. See also Note G1 ”Accounting 
policies”, section 4 for more information. An increase in the 
discount rate of 1 percentage point or a reduction in the 
future growth rate of 1 percentage point are considered to be 
reasonably possible changes in key assumptions. Such a 
change would not result in any impairment. 
The new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets, updated business plans per business area, and the fur-
ther consolidation to a global IT platform, in the third quarter, 
triggered a full impairment test of Nordea’s capitalised IT sys-
tems and an assessment of future restructuring needs. It was 
concluded that impairment of IT systems was required due to 
that the expected lifetime of some IT systems being signifi-
cantly shorter than previously expected, hence inability to 
realise full benefits, and in some cases due to decisions to 
stop the current development or use of the functionality.
The impairment recognised as a result of this test amount-
ed to EUR 735m and was recognised in Group Responsibility, 
which is included in Other Operating segments in the seg-
ment reporting in Note G3. The carrying amounts after 
impairment for the IT assets are disclosed per CGU in the 
table above, based on the receiving entity.

--- Page 550 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
150
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Owned
Right of use assets
Total
Owned
Equipment
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
49
1,487
1,536
40
Total
496
1,506
2,002
546
Equipment
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
1,340
–
1,340
1,331
Adjustments to opening balance
2
8
10
–
Acquisitions during the year
67
19
86
51
Sales/disposals during the year
–32
–1
–33
–20
Transfers/reclassifications
–19
–
–19
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
–22
Acquisition value at end of year
1,358
26
1,384
1,340
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–829
–
–829
–742
Adjustments to opening balance
–2
–
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
18
0
18
15
Transfers/reclassifications
18
–
18
0
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–99
–7
–106
–113
Translation differences
–1
0
–1
11
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–895
–7
–902
–829
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–5
–
–5
–5
Impairment charges during the year
–11
–
–11
0
Translation differences
0
–
0
0
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–16
–
–16
–5
Total
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
44
–
44
48
Adjustments to opening balance
–
1,515
1,515
–
Acquisitions during the year
3
167
170
–
Sales/disposals during the year
0
–16
–16
–4
Reclassifications
8
–
8
–
Translation differences
0
1
1
0
Acquisition value at end of year
55
1,667
1,722
44
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–3
–
–3
–5
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–2
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
0
6
6
2
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–2
–167
–169
0
Translation differences
0
–1
–1
0
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–5
–164
–169
–3
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–1
–
–1
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–16
–16
–
Translation differences
0
0
0
–
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–1
–16
–17
–1
Total
49
1,487
1,536
40
G22. Properties and equipment

--- Page 551 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
151
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G23. Leasing
Nordea as a lessor
Finance leases
Nordea owns assets leased to customers under finance lease 
agreements. Finance lease agreements are reported as 
receivables on the lessee included in “Loans to the public” 
(see Note G14) in an amount equal to the net investment in 
the lease. The leased assets mainly comprise vehicles, 
machinery and other equipment.
Reconciliation of gross investments and present value of 
future minimum lease payments:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Gross investments 
6,803
6,436
Less unearned finance income
–797
–786
Net investments in finance leases
6,006
5,650
Less unguaranteed residual values accruing to 
the benefit of the lessor
–3
–34
Present value of future minimum lease 
 payments receivable
6,003
5,616
Accumulated allowance for uncollectible 
 minimum lease payments receivable
–11
–8
In Finance lease contracts the residual value risk is carried by 
the vendor or by the lessee according to the terms of the 
contract. 
As of 31 December 2019 the gross investment and the net 
investment by remaining maturity was distributed as follows:
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Gross 
investment
Net 
 investment
2020
1,924
1,636
2021
1,687
1,445
2022
1,419
1,256
2023
700
649
2024
455
434
Later years
618
586
Total
6,803
6,006
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases mainly comprise machin-
ery and equipment. On the  balance sheet they are reported 
as “Properties and equipment”.
Under non-cancellable operating leases, the future mini-
mum lease payments receivable are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2020
1
2021
0
2022
0
2023
–
2024
–
Later years
–
Total
1
Nordea as a lessee
EURm
2019
2018
Expense related to short-term leases
–12
–
Expense related to low-value leases
–1
–
Expense related to variable payments
–31
–
Leasing expenses during the year
–
–218
Interest expense during the year
–12
–
Sublease income
3
4
Total cash outflow on leases
–196
–
Other lease disclosures
See Note G22 ”Properties and equipment” for further infor-
mation related to Right of use assets.
See Note G44 “Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities” 
for further information on the maturity profile.
There are no significant lease commitments for leases that 
have not yet commenced.
Nordea operates in leased premises. The premises are 
mainly divided into head office contracts, banking branches 
and other contracts. The head office contracts in the different 
Nordic countries generally have a fixed lease term, of 10–25 
years. Usually these contracts have either continuation 
options or they are automatically continued unless separately 
terminated at the end of the lease term.
Banking branch contracts generally either have fixed lease 
terms of 1–10 years or are without an end date with the right 
to terminate. The termination clauses are generally 6–24 
months. The main principle is that the premises contracts do 
not contain purchase options. The company car contracts gen-
erally have a fixed lease term of less than 5 years.

--- Page 552 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
152
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G24. Investment properties
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Carrying amount at beginning of year
1,607
1,448
Acquisitions during the year
102
131
Sales/disposals during the year
–157
–15
Fair value adjustments
42
57
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
–14
Carrying amount at end of year
1,585
1,607
Amounts recognised in the income statement1
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value  adjustments2
74
62
Rental income
69
85
Direct operating expenses that generate rental 
income
–18
–21
Direct operating expenses that did not  
generate rental income
–1
–1
Total
124
125
1)  Included in ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  Including also fair value adjustments on investment properties presented as ”Assets in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investments contracts” on the balance sheet.
The method applied when calculating fair value is a rate of 
return calculation, based on internal models. As a supplement 
to these values, appraisals were obtained from independent 
external valuers for parts of the investment properties.
Approximately 75% of the investment properties are val-
ued using internal models based on a rate of return calcula-
tion. For the remaining 25% of the investment properties, 
appraisals were obtained from independent external valuers.
For further information regarding investment properties, 
see Note G41 ”Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
G25. Other assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Claims on securities settlement proceeds 
1,366
2,832
Cash/margin receivables
9,978
10,161
Other 
1,199
1,756
Total
12,543
14,749
G26. Prepaid expenses and  
accrued income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest income 
354
272
Other accrued income
372
324
Prepaid expenses
339
717
Total
1,065
1,313
G27. Deposits by credit institutions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Central banks
11,409
16,456
Banks
17,570
21,579
Other credit institutions
3,325
4,384
Total
32,304
42,419
G28. Deposits and borrowings 
from the public
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Deposits1
166,426
160,228
Repurchase agreements
2,299
4,730
Total
168,725
164,958
1) Deposits related to individual pension savings (IPS) are also included.
G29. Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders are obligations related to insur-
ance contracts. These contracts are divided into contracts  
containing insurance risk and contracts without insurance 
risk. The latter are pure investment contracts.
Insurance contracts consist of Life insurance provisions and 
other insurance-related items.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Traditional life insurance provisions
6,304
6,187
- of which guaranteed provisions
6,222
6,110
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
82
77
Collective bonus potential
2,113
1,937
Unit-linked insurance provisions
6,978
6,375
- of which guaranteed provisions
0
0
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
6,978
6,375
Insurance claims provision
461
433
Provisions, Health & personal accident
72
69
Total Insurance contracts
15,928
15,001
Investment contracts
3,318
3,229
- of which guaranteed provisions
3,318
3,229
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
–
–
Total
19,246
18,230
Life insurance contracts are measured and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 4, i.e. the measurement and recognition 
principle under previous GAAP has been maintained conse-
quently resulting in non-uniform accounting policies method-
ology on consolidation. Each market represented by Nordic 
and European entities measures and recognises insurance 
contracts using local accounting policies. See also Note G1 
section 19.

--- Page 553 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
153
Nordea Annual Report 2019
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
 provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Gross premiums written
87
–
441
–
–
156
684
Transfers
40
–
–43
–
–
–56
–59
Addition of interest/investment return
273
–
1,740
–
–
540
2,553
Claims and benefits
–280
–
–806
28
–
–234
–1,292
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–41
–
–
–28
–94
Change in provisions/bonus potential
–298
200
98
–
3
–
3
Other
272
–
–790
–
–
–249
–767
Translation differences
48
–24
4
–
–
–40
–12
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,304
2,113
6,978
461
72
3,318
19,246
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
98%
69%
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
 provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,264
2,249
6,922
422
74
3,481
19,412
Gross premiums written
94
–
340
–
–
132
566
Transfers
34
–
–34
–
–
–
0
Addition of interest/investment return
261
–
336
–
–
–97
500
Claims and benefits
–292
–
–606
12
–3
–262
–1,151
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–44
–
–
–28
–97
Change in provisions/bonus potential
144
–265
122
–
–1
–
0
Other
–242
–
–656
–
–
109
–789
Translation differences
–51
–47
–5
–1
–1
–106
–211
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
99%
71%
Insurance risks
Insurance risk is described in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.  
Additional quantitative information is found below.
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life insurance operations, Sensitivities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sensitivities, EURm
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Mortality – increase in life span of 1 year
23.0
–17.7
23.2
–17.9
Mortality – decrease in life span of 1 year
–0.1
0.1
–0.4
0.3
Disability – 10% increase
8.3
–6.5
8.9
–6.9
Disability – 10% decrease
–5.7
4.4
–6.3
4.9
50 bp increase in interest rates
–286.0
6.7
–287.3
–5.6
50 bp decrease in interest rates
287.3
–6.7
288.7
5.6
12% decrease in all share prices
–828.7
–0.1
–680.8
–0.8
8% decrease in property value
–114.8
–0.5
–115.9
–0.8
8% loss on counterparts
–0.5
0.0
–1.5
0.0
1) + (plus) indicates that policyholders liabilities increase.
2) – (minus) indicates that equity decreases.
G29. Liabilities to policyholders, cont.

--- Page 554 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
154
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G29. Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
Risk profiles on insurance
Product
Risk types
Material effect
Traditional
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
 Return guaranties
Yes
Unit-linked
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
 Return guaranties
No
Health and personal accident
Mortality
No
Disability
Yes
 Return guaranties
No
Financial contract
Mortality
No
Disability
No
 Return guaranties
Yes
G30. Debt securities in issue
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Certificates of deposit
22,094
29,693
Commercial papers
22,192
17,078
Covered bonds
115,361
107,936
Senior Non Preferred bonds
2,732
2,440
Other bonds
31,307
33,227
Other 
40
48
Total
193,726
190,422
G31. Other liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities on securities  settlement proceeds 
921
1,617
Sold, not held, securities
9,111
12,495
Accounts payable
151
152
Cash/margin payables
4,675
4,289
Lease liabilities
1,225
–
Other
3,785
4,762
Total
19,868
23,315
G32. Accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest 
1
5
Other accrued expenses
1,261
1,423
Prepaid income
214
268
Total
1,476
1,696
G33. Provisions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Restructuring 
304
193
Guarantees/commitments
144
121
Other 
122
7
- of which AML related matters
95
–
Total
570
321
Provisions for restructuring costs have been utilised in the 
amount of EUR 117m in 2019, and an increase of EUR 246m 
has been accounted for. The restructuring provision is related 
to the new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets. Approximately EUR 200m of the EUR 304m is expected 
to be utilised in 2020. However, like for any other provision, 
there is uncertainty surrounding timing and amount. The 
uncertainty is expected to decrease as the plans are executed.
Loan loss provisions on off-balance sheet items amount to 
EUR 144m (EUR 121m). 
More information on these provisions can be found in Note 
G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”. 
Excluding AML related matters, other provisions relate 
mainly to maintenance obligations in head office premises.
Restruc turing
Other
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
At beginning of year
193
225
7
13
New provisions made
246
103
124
5
Provisions utilised
–117
–123
–5
–8
Reversals
0
–9
–4
–3
Reclassifications
–16
0
0
0
Translation differences
–2
–3
0
0
At end of year
304
193
122
7
Liabilities to policyholders by guarantee levels (technical interest rate)
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,060
1,426
2,827
2,228
2,170
889
16,600
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
6,447
1,367
2,772
2,181
2,175
849
15,791

--- Page 555 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
155
Nordea Annual Report 2019
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retirement benefit assets
173
246
Retirement benefit obligations
439
398
Net liability (–)/asset (+)
–266
–152
Nordea sponsors both defined contribution plans (DCP) and 
defined benefit plans (DBP). IAS 19 ensures that the pension 
obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are 
reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The major plans in 
each country are funded schemes covered by assets in pen-
sion funds/foundations.
The plans are structured in accordance with local regula-
tions and legislation, local practice and, where applicable, 
collective agreements. Nordea’s main DBPs in Sweden, Nor-
way and Finland are all employer financed final salary and 
service-based pension plans providing pension benefits on 
top of the statutory systems. All DBPs are closed for new 
entrants; new employees are offered DCPs. 
DBPs in Sweden are mainly offered in accordance with col-
lective agreements and follow the regulations in the Pension 
Obligations Vesting Act (Tryggandelagen). Plan assets are 
held in a separate pension foundation. 
In Norway the DBPs are in accordance with the Nordea 
Norway occupational pension plan and follow the Occupa-
tional Pension Act (Foretakspensjonloven). In Norway, plan 
assets are also held by a separate pension fund. 
In Finland, Nordea provides additional pension benefits on 
top of the statutory system in accordance with the Nordea 
Finland occupational pension plan and follows the regula-
tions in the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL). Plan assets are 
generally held in a separate pension foundation. 
Minimum funding requirements differ between plans but 
where such requirements are based on collective agreements 
or internal policies the funding requirement is generally that 
the pension obligations measured using local requirements 
shall be covered in full, with a predefined surplus or alterna-
tively safeguarded by a credit insurance contract (Sweden 
only). Some pension plans are not covered by funding 
requirements and are generally unfunded. Quarterly assess-
ments are performed to monitor the likely level of future 
contributions.
Defined benefit plans may impact Nordea via changes in 
the net present value of obligations and/or changes in the 
market value of plan assets. Changes in the obligation are 
most importantly driven by changes in assumptions on dis-
count rates (interest rates and credit spreads), inflation, salary 
increases, turnover and mortality as well as relevant experi-
ence adjustments where the actual outcome differs from the 
assumptions. 
Assets are invested in diversified portfolios as further dis-
closed below, with bond exposures mitigating the interest 
rate risk in the obligations and a fair amount of real assets 
(inflation protected) to reduce the long term inflationary risk 
in liabilities.
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions 
Calculations on major plans are performed by external liability 
calculators and are based on different actuarial assumptions.
Assumptions1
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
2019
Discount rate2
1.39%
2.20%
0.60%
0.76%
1.82%
Salary increase
2.75%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
1.75%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
2018
Discount rate2
2.17%
2.82%
1.58%
1.80%
2.56%
Salary increase
3.00%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
2.00%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
1)  The assumptions disclosed for 2019 have an impact on the liability calculation by 
year-end 2019, while the assumptions disclosed for 2018 are used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2019.
2)  More information on the discount rate can be found in Note G1 “Accounting poli-
cies”, section 24. The sensitivities to changes in the discount rate are provided 
below.
3)  All pensions in Denmark are salary indexed. The inflation has hence no impact on 
the DBO.
4)  With CMI_2018 projections for 2019 calculations and CMI_2017 projections for 2018 
calculations.
Sensitivities – Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
%
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Discount rate  
- Increase 50bps
–11.1%
–8.1%
–6.4%
–5.1%
–9.0%
Discount rate  
- Decrease 50bps
12.9%
9.0%
7.1%
5.5%
10.3%
Salary increase 
- Increase 50bps
3.8%
0.3%
0.4%
4.9%
–
Salary increase 
- Decrease 50bps
–2.8%
–0.3%
–0.4%
–4.6%
–
Inflation  
- Increase 50bps
11.1%
8.0%
5.3%
–
1.7%
Inflation  
- Decrease 50bps
–9.8%
–7.7%
–4.9%
–
–1.6%
Mortality  
- Increase 1 year
5.1%
3.7%
4.8%
6.3%
4.8%
Mortality  
- Decrease 1 year
–5.1%
–4.9%
–4.7%
–6.0%
–4.6%
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actu-
arial assumption while keeping the other assumptions 
unchanged. This is a simplified approach because the actu-
arial assumptions are usually correlated. However, it enables 
isolating one effect from another. The method used for calcu-
lating the impact on the obligation is the same as when cal-
culating the obligation accounted for in the financial state-
ments. The sensitivity analysis includes the impact on the lia-
bilities held for future SWT (special wage tax) or SSC (social 
security contributions) in Sweden and Norway, respectively.
As all pensions in Denmark are salary-indexed, inflation 
has no impact on the DBO in Denmark. 
G34. Retirement benefit obligations

--- Page 556 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
156
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets
EURm
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Obligations
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
3,494
Plan assets
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
3,342
Net liability( –)/asset(+)
–283
–86
54
24
25
–266
–152
- of which retirement benefit assets
1
61
59
27
25
173
246
- of which retirement benefit liabilities
284
147
5
3
–
439
398
Movements in the obligation
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Interest cost
38
21
10
2
3
74
Pensions paid
–68
–37
–39
–6
–4
–154
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Translation differences
–35
9
–
0
4
–22
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
9
4
–
–
–
13
Closing balance
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
- of which relates to the active population
26%
11%
13%
–
–
19%
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,704
764
776
101
109
3,454
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Interest cost
40
19
9
2
3
73
Pensions paid
–68
–31
–43
–6
–17
–165
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–6
–
1
3
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Translation differences
–65
–4
–
0
–1
–70
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
34
–5
–
–
–
29
Closing balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
- of which relates to the active population
27%
14%
14%
–
–
20%
1) Change in provision for special wage tax (SWT) and social security contribution (SSC) in Sweden and Norway.
The average duration of the obligation is 20 (18) years in Sweden, 15 (14) years in Norway, 14 (12) years in Finland, 11 (11) years 
in Denmark and 20 (22) years in the UK based on discounted cash flows. The fact of all DBPs now being closed to new 
entrants gives a lower duration. The increase in average duration during the year is due to changed assumptions.
G34. Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 557 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
157
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Movements in the fair value of plan assets
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
34
19
13
2
3
71
Pensions paid
0
–19
–39
–6
–4
–68
Contributions by employer
–
4
–31
2
–
–25
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
105
18
78
6
17
224
Translation differences
–33
7
–
0
6
–20
Closing balance
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,634
666
865
127
131
3,423
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
38
17
11
2
3
71
Pensions paid
–
–19
–43
–6
–17
–85
Settlement
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Contributions by employer
–
4
0
3
–
7
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
–5
20
–7
–3
–6
–1
Translation differences
–63
–7
0
–1
0
–71
Closing balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Asset composition
The combined return on assets in 2019 was 8.8% (2.0%). The 
year was characterised by strong returns across all asset 
classes, primarily in equities and spread bonds. At the end of 
the year, the equity exposure in Nordea´s pension funds/foun-
dations represented 19% (24%) of total assets. 
The Group expects to contribute EUR 3m to its defined 
benefit plans in 2020.
Asset composition in funded schemes
%
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Bonds
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
- sovereign
43%
43%
30%
53%
84%
41%
36%
- covered bonds
23%
19%
9%
32%
0%
18%
18%
- corporate bonds
17%
6%
20%
0%
0%
15%
12%
- issued by Nordea entities
2%
4%
–
–
–
2%
1%
-  with quoted market price in an active market
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
Equity
16%
17%
25%
15%
16%
19%
24%
- domestic
4%
4%
7%
15%
5%
5%
6%
- European
4%
4%
6%
0%
2%
4%
6%
- US
4%
5%
6%
0%
6%
5%
7%
- emerging
4%
4%
6%
0%
3%
4%
5%
- Nordea shares
–
–
–
–
–
0%
0%
-  with quoted market price in an active market
16%
17%
26%
15%
16%
19%
24%
Real estate1
0%
15%
15%
0%
0%
6%
7%
- occupied by Nordea
–
–
5%
–
–
1%
1%
Cash and cash equivalents
1%
0%
1%
0%
0%
1%
3%
1) The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan. 
G34. Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 558 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
158
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G34. Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
Recognised in the income statement
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Net interest
4
2
–3
0
0
3
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
SWT/SSC1
9
0
–
–
–
9
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
–1
2
0
0
46
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Net interest
2
2
–2
0
0
2
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–4
–
1
5
SWT/SSC1
8
3
–
–
–
11
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
37
18
–2
0
1
54
1) Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.
Recognised in other comprehensive income
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–105
–18
–78
–6
–17
–224
SWT/SSC1
17
8
–
–
–
25
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
89
48
15
4
–4
152
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
5
–20
7
3
6
1
SWT/SSC1
44
–6
–
–
–
38
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
217
–38
–11
2
3
173
1) Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway. 
Defined benefit pension cost
The total net pension cost related to defined benefit plans 
recognised in the Group's income statement (as staff costs) 
for the year is EUR 46m (EUR 54m). Total pension costs com-
prise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to 
defined contribution plans (see specification in Note G8 “Staff 
costs”).  
 
 
 
 
Compared with the pension cost in 2018, excluding past service cost and related SWT and SSC, the pension cost remained 
unchanged in 2019.

--- Page 559 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
159
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Multiemployer plans
In 2010 the Norwegian Parliament decided to change the AFP 
(Avtalefestet Pensjon) plan in Norway as from 2011. The 
change gave rise to a new multiemployer defined benefit 
plan that cannot be calculated as such, as information on 
Nordea's share of the liabilities and pension costs in the plan 
is not available from Fellesordningen (the administrator). 
Consequently the AFP plan has to be accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan in accordance with IAS 19. Informa-
tion on the funded status in the plan is not available. 
The AFP plan gives the entitled employees a lifelong addi-
tion to regular pensions from the age of 62. Furthermore, the 
scheme allows employees to continue working while receiv-
ing AFP without this affecting their pension rights. The plan is 
founded on the basis of a tripartite cooperation between 
employer organisations, employee organisations and the Nor-
wegian government. The government covers one third of the 
pension expense for the AFP plan while the member compa-
nies collectively cover the remaining two thirds of the pension 
expense. The premium the member firms pay to the plan is 
determined to be sufficient to cover on-going pension 
expenses and provide a basis for building up a pension fund. 
The purpose of the pension fund is to ensure sufficient ability 
to cover expected future pension obligations.
The premium rate for 2019 was 2.5% of employees’ wages 
between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount according 
to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The premium is cal-
culated based on the average wages and average base 
amounts from the previous year, excluding employees over 
the age of 61. Total premiums paid in 2019 amount to EUR 
3m. Payments into the plan in 2019 covered 2,500 employees. 
The premium rate for 2020 will be 2.5% of the employees’ 
wages between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount 
according to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The 
expected premiums in 2020 amount to EUR 3m. 
The employees that meet the requirements for AFP are 
guaranteed AFP payments regardless of the solvency of their 
employers. Consequently, the employer members have joint 
responsibility for two thirds of the pensions payable to 
employees who at any given time, meet the requirements for 
AFP. Any deficit or surplus on windup of the plan or the with-
drawal of entities from the plan will not have any impact on 
Nordea.
Key management personnel
The Group’s total pension obligations regarding key manage-
ment personnel amounted to EUR 7m (EUR 6m) at the end of 
the year. These obligations are largely covered by plan assets. 
Defined benefit pension costs (Current service cost as well as 
Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19) related 
to key management personnel in 2019 were EUR 0m (EUR 
0m). Complete information concerning key management per-
sonnel is disclosed in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G34. Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
G35. Subordinated liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Additional Tier 1
2,409
2,384
Tier 2
7,410
6,771
Total
9,819
9,155
G36. Assets pledged as 
security for own liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Securities etc1
24,458
23,465
Loans to the public
146,615
144,707
Other assets pledged
12,922
3,727
Total
183,995
171,899
The above pledges pertain to  
the following liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
12,178
13,062
Deposits and borrowings from the public
5,569
2,402
Derivatives
4,676
–
Debt securities in issue
113,283
107,647
Other liabilities and commitments
2,464
2,587
Total
138,170
125,698
1)  Relates only to securities recognised on the balance sheet. Securities borrowed or 
bought under reverse repurchase agreements are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and thus not included in the amount. Such transactions are disclosed in Note 
G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
Assets pledged for own liabilities contain securities pledged 
as security in repurchase agreements and in securities lend-
ing. The transactions are conducted under standard agree-
ments employed by financial markets participants. Counter-
parts in those transactions are credit institutions and the pub-
lic. The transactions are typically short term with maturity 
within three months.
Securities in the Life operations are also pledged as secu-
rity for the corresponding insurance liabilities. 
Loans to the public have been registered as collateral for 
issued covered bonds and mortgage bonds in line with local 
legislation. In the event of the company´s insolvency, the 
holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered 
as collateral.
Other asset pledged relate to certificates of deposits 
pledged by Nordea to comply with authority requirements.
G37. Other assets pledged 
Other assets pledged are mainly related to securities, which 
include interest-bearing securities pledged as securities for 
payment settlements within the central banks and clearing 
institutions in the amount of EUR 3,919m (EUR 4,788m). The 
terms and conditions require day to day securities and relate 
to intraday/over night liquidity. Collateral pledged on behalf of 
other items other than the company´s own liabilities, e.g. on 
behalf of a third party or on behalf of the company´s own con-
tingent liabilities, is also accounted for under this item.

--- Page 560 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
160
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G38. Contingent liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Guarantees
- Loan guarantees
2,791
2,434
- Other guarantees
13,855
13,949
Documentary credits
1,146
1,433
Other contingent liabilities
0
3
Total
17,792
17,819
In its normal business, Nordea issues various forms of guar-
antees in favour of its customers. Loan guarantees are given 
for customers to guarantee obligations in other credit- and 
pension institutions. Other guarantees consist mainly of com-
mercial guarantees such as bid guarantees, advance payment 
guarantees, warranty guarantees and export-related guaran-
tees. Contingent liabilities also include unutilised irrevocable 
import documentary credits and confirmed export documen-
tary credits. These transactions are part of the bank’s services 
and support Nordea’s customers. Guarantees and documen-
tary credits are off-balance sheet items, unless there is a need 
for a provision to cover a probable loan loss that arises from 
the judgement that reimbursement will not be received. The 
table above includes all issued guarantees, also those for 
which the possibility of an outflow of resources is considered 
remote.
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken, in relation to certain 
individuals and on certain conditions, to be responsible for 
the potential payment liability against them in their capacity 
of managing directors or board members in group undertak-
ings of Nordea Bank Abp.
Nordea Bank Abp has indemnified the members of the GLT 
against legal expenses incurred in relation to legal advice in 
defending or disputing certain claims or investigations from 
third parties, excluding crimes or actions made with intent or 
gross negligence. For each GLT member, the indemnity is 
capped at an aggregate amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the 
Board of Directors decides otherwise on a case-by-case basis. 
The indemnity is secondary to any other insurance coverage.
A limited number of employees are entitled to severance 
pay if they are dismissed before reaching their normal retire-
ment age. For further disclosures, see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within the framework of its normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts, as 
well as possible fines due to e.g. weak anti-money laundering 
processes and procedures in the past. Presently, none of the 
current disputes are considered likely to have any significant 
adverse effect on Nordea or its financial position. As previ-
ously stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made a 
provision for ongoing AML-related matters. Nordea cannot 
exclude the possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s 
financial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management“ and Note G33 “Provisions”.
G39. Commitments
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unutilised overdraft facilities
28,871
29,626
Loan commitments
46,459
43,661
Future payment obligations 
222
100
Other commitments
1,511
1,092
Total
77,063
74,479
Reverse repurchase agreements are recognised on and 
derecognised from the balance sheet on the settlement date. 
Nordea has as per 31 December 2019 signed reverse repur-
chase agreements that have not yet been settled and conse-
quently are not recognised on the balance sheet. On the set-
tlement date these reverse repurchase agreements will, as far 
as possible, replace existing reverse repurchase agreements 
not yet derecognised as per 31 December 2019. The net 
impact on the balance sheet is minor. These instruments have 
not been disclosed as commitments.
For information on credit commitments, see Note G1 
“Accounting policies”, section 26, about derivatives, see Note 
G19 “Derivatives and Hedge accounting” and about reverse 
repurchase agreements, see Note G43 “Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals”.
Nordea has in addition entered into an agreement to 
acquire SG Finans for an agreed purchase price of EUR 575m, 
contingent on customary regulatory approvals. See the Board 
of Directors’ report for additional details.

--- Page 561 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
161
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G40. Classification of financial instruments
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
–
–
–
–
35,509
Loans to central banks 
5,889
3,318
–
–
–
–
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
5,724
2,792
–
–
–
–
8,516
Loans to the public
245,226
77,514
–
–
–
–
322,740
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
28,460
4,088
–
28,893
–
64,930
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
6,265
–
–
886
–
7,151
Shares 
–
14,184
–
–
–
–
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
30,324
169
–
–
306
30,799
Derivatives
–
36,784
–
2,327
–
–
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
–
–
–
–
–
217
Investments in associated u ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
572
572
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
3,695
3,695
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
2,002
2,002
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,585
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
487
487
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
362
362
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
173
173
Other assets
1,079
10,778
–
–
–
686
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
–
–
–
–
372
1,065
Total
297,826
210,419
4,257
2,327
29,779
10,240
554,848
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
 hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
23,330
8,974
–
–
–
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
164,027
4,698
–
–
–
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
–
15,928
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
135,223
–
58,503
–
–
193,726
Derivatives 
–
40,298
–
1,749
–
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
–
–
–
–
2,018
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
742
742
Other liabilities1 
4,634
14,153
–
–
1,081
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
–
–
–
1,261
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
481
481
Provisions
–
–
–
–
570
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
439
439
Subordinated liabilities
9,819
–
–
–
–
9,819
Total
339,266
68,123
93,680
1,749
20,502
523,320
1) Of which lease liabilities classified into the category Amortised cost EUR 1,225m.

--- Page 562 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
162
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G40. Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
–
–
–
–
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
6,446
1,196
–
–
–
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
8,827
2,493
–
–
–
–
11,320
Loans to the public
234,471
73,833
–
–
–
–
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
3,384
32,682
7,134
–
33,022
–
76,222
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
7,026
–
–
542
–
7,568
Shares 
–
12,452
–
–
–
–
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
24,272
153
–
–
158
24,583
Derivatives
–
33,915
–
3,110
–
–
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
169
–
–
–
–
–
169
Investments in associated u ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
1,601
1,601
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
4,035
4,035
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
546
546
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,607
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
164
164
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
284
284
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
246
246
Other assets
955
12,473
–
–
–
1,321
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
989
–
–
–
–
324
1,313
Total
296,819
200,342
7,287
3,110
33,564
10,286
551,408
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
 hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
33,933
8,486
–
–
–
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
158,433
6,525
–
–
–
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
–
14,996
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
135,644
–
54,778
–
–
190,422
Derivatives 
–
38,624
–
923
–
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,273
–
–
–
–
1,273
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
414
414
Other liabilities
989
17,828
–
–
4,498
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
273
–
–
–
1,423
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
706
706
Provisions
–
–
–
–
321
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
9,155
–
–
–
–
9,155
Total
339,700
71,463
83,665
923
22,756
518,507

--- Page 563 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
163
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
EURm
2019
2018
Carrying amount per end of year
4,257
7,287
Maximum exposure to credit risk per end of year
4,257
7,287
Nominal amount of credit derivatives used to 
mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk 
per end of the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, during the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, accumulated 
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
during the year
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
accumulated 
–
–
Assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair 
value option) consist of all assets in Nordea Life and Pension 
held under investment contracts, EUR 4,088m (EUR 7,134m). 
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts in Life, EUR 169m (EUR 153m), are designated at 
fair value through profit or loss. For more information see 
Note G1 section 13. Nordea does not disclose the effect of 
changes in credit risk on the fair values of these assets and 
the fair value change in related credit derivatives; as such, 
changes in value will directly result in essentially the same 
change in the carrying amount of the corresponding liabilities 
to policyholders. There is thus no significant impact on the 
income statement or equity due to changes in credit risk of 
these assets in Life. 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss consist of issued bonds in the Danish group undertak-
ing Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, EUR 55,766m (EUR 
51,616m), issued structured bonds in Markets operation, EUR 
2,737m (EUR 3,162m), deposits linked to the investment 
return of separate assets, EUR 4,377m (EUR 3,964m) and 
investment contracts and pooled schemes in Life, EUR 
30,800m (EUR 24,923m). For issued structured bonds in Mar-
kets, changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk 
are recognised in other comprehensive income and Nordea 
calculates the change in own credit spread based on the 
change in Nordea’s funding spread by assuming the liquidity 
premium for the issuance to be constant over time. The 
change in the credit spread is estimated by comparing the 
value of the trades using the initial funding spread on issu-
ance date and actual funding spread on the reporting date. 
This model is assessed to provide the best estimate of the 
impact of own credit risk. The value of the investment con-
tracts in Life and asset linked deposits is directly linked to the 
assets in the contracts and there is consequently no effect 
from changes in own credit risk in these contracts.
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk of 
bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, are cal-
culated by determining the amount of changes in its fair 
value that are not attributable to changes in market condi-
tions. The method used to estimate the amount of changes in 
market conditions is based on relevant benchmark interest 
rates, which are the average yields on Danish and German 
(EUR) government bonds. This model is assessed to provide 
the best estimate of the impact of own credit risk. The chang-
es in own credit risk on issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are not recognised in other 
comprehensive income as that would create an accounting 
missmatch with the corresponding change in fair value of the 
mortgage loans that is recognised in profit or loss. For this 
reason, the whole change in the fair value of issued mortgage 
bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is recognised 
in the income statement. For the issued mortgage bonds, a 
change in the liability’s credit risk and price will have a corre-
sponding effect on the value of the loans as a change in the 
price of the bonds will be offset by the opposite change in the 
value of the prepayment option of the loans. 
 
 
G40. Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
2019
2018
EURm
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Carrying amount per end of the year
2,737
90,943
93,680
3,162
80,503
83,665
Amount to be paid at maturity1 
2,737
93,317
96,054
3,322
81,600
84,922
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, during the year
–15
94
79
20
–54
–34
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, accumulated 
–5
–456
–461
10
–550
–540
1)  Liabilities to policyholders have no fixed maturities and there is no fixed amount to be paid. For these liabilities, the amount disclosed to be paid at maturity has been set at the 
carrying amount.

--- Page 564 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
164
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial assets
Cash and balances 
with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
Loans 
340,680
343,410
327,435
330,681
Interest-bearing  
securities
64,930
65,047
76,222
76,334
Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
7,151
7,151
7,568
7,568
Shares
14,184
14,184
12,452
12,452
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
30,493
30,493
24,425
24,425
Derivatives
39,111
39,111
37,025
37,025
Other assets
11,857
11,857
13,428
13,428
Prepaid expenses  
and accrued income
693
693
989
989
Total
544,608
547,455
541,122
544,480
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt 
instruments
406,592
407,337
408,227
409,014
Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
31,859
31,859
25,653
25,653
Liabilities to 
 policyholders
3,318
3,318
3,234
3,234
Derivatives
42,047
42,047
39,547
39,547
Other liabilities 
17,562
17,562
18,817
18,817
Accrued expenses  
and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
Total
501,593
502,338
495,751
496,538
For information about valuation of items measured at fair 
value on the balance sheet, see Note G1 and the section 
“Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet” below. For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see 
the section “Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair 
value on the balance sheet” below.
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the  balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
3,318
–
–
–
3,318
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,792
–
–
–
2,792
Loans to the public
–
–
77,514
–
–
–
77,514
Interest-bearing securities2 
19,694
1,487
48,726
2,660
172
13
68,592
Shares
11,825
10,184
325
322
2,034
860
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
30,078
26,129
359
359
362
362
30,799
Derivatives
37
–
37,717
12
1,357
–
39,111
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,578
1,585
Other assets
–
–
10,743
–
35
34
10,778
Total
61,634
37,800
181,494
3,353
5,545
2,847
248,673
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,974
–
–
–
8,974
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
4,698
–
–
–
4,698
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
27,482
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
3,318
–
–
3,318
Debt securities in issue
8,155
–
48,116
–
2,232
–
58,503
Derivatives
59
–
40,805
13
1,183
–
42,047
Other liabilities
3,587
–
10,564
–
2
–
14,153
Total
11,801
–
148,334
 30,813
3,417
–
163,552
1) All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2) Of which EUR 7,151m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 565 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
165
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Determination of fair value for items measured 
at fair value on the balance sheet
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at 
fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the 
IFRS fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest 
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation 
of these instruments is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the 
asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the 
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. This cat-
egory includes listed derivatives, listed equities, government 
bonds in developed countries, and most liquid mortgage 
bonds and corporate bonds where direct tradable price 
quotes exist. 
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities that do not have directly quoted market prices avail-
able from active markets. The fair values are based on quoted 
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quot-
ed prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets 
that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated 
using valuation techniques or valuation models based on 
market prices or inputs prevailing at the balance sheet date 
and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant 
impact on the fair values. This is the case for the majority of 
Nordea’s OTC derivatives, securities purchased/sold under 
resale/repurchase agreements, securities borrowed/lent and 
other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models.
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of 
assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valua-
tion techniques or models supported by observable market 
prices or rates. This is generally the case for investments in 
unlisted securities, private equity funds, hedge funds, invest-
ment properties, more complex OTC derivatives where unob-
servable input has a significant impact on the fair values, cer-
tain complex or structured financial instruments and illiquid 
interest-bearing securities. Complex valuation models are 
generally characterised by the use of unobservable and 
model specific inputs.
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, 
make use of market prices and inputs. These market prices 
and inputs comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations 
etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while 
others are not. For most non-exotic currencies the interest 
rates are all observable, and implied volatilities and the cor-
relations of the interest rates and FX rates may be observable 
through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied vola-
tilities and correlations may also be observable for the most 
liquid equity instruments. For less liquid equity names the 
option market is fairly illiquid, and hence implied volatilities 
and correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the 
sensitivity towards unobservable parameters is measured. If 
the impact from unobservable parameters on the valuation is 
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the  balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
1,196
–
–
–
1,196
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,493
–
–
–
2,493
Loans to the public
–
–
73,833
–
–
–
73,833
Interest-bearing securities2 
30,947
3,896
49,130
3,393
329
4
80,406
Shares
10,159
8,381
596
595
1,697
916
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
24,167
20,692
227
227
189
189
24,583
Derivatives
70
–
35,917
89
1,038
–
37,025
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,588
1,607
Other assets
–
–
12,399
–
74
–
12,473
Total
65,343
32,969
175,791
4,304
4,934
2,697
246,068
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,486
–
–
–
8,486
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
6,525
–
–
–
6,525
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
21,689
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
3,234
–
–
3,234
Debt securities in issue
12,405
–
39,746
–
2,627
–
54,778
Derivatives
42
–
38,482
80
1,023
–
39,547
Other liabilities
7,192
–
10,622
–
14
–
17,828
Total
19,639
–
132,748
25,003
3,664
–
156,051
1) All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2) Of which EUR 7,568m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.

--- Page 566 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
166
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
significant the instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For interest-bearing securities the categorisation into the 
three levels is based on the internal pricing methodology. 
These instruments can either be directly quoted in active 
markets (Level 1) or measured using a methodology giving a 
quote based on observable inputs (Level 2). If the impact 
from unobservable parameters on the valuation of the bond 
is significant the bond is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For OTC derivatives valuation models are used for estab-
lishing fair value. The models are usually in-house developed 
and based on assumptions about the behaviour of the under-
lying asset and statistical scenario analysis. Most OTC deriva-
tives are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy 
implying that all significant model inputs are observable in 
active markets.
Valuations of Private Equity Funds, Credit Funds and 
unlisted equity instruments are by nature more uncertain 
than valuations of more actively traded equity instruments. 
Emphasis is put on using a consistent approach across all 
assets and over time. The methods used are consistent with 
the guideline “International Private Equity and Venture Capi-
tal Valuation Guidelines” issued by IPEV Board. The guide-
lines are considered as best practice in the industry. For US-
based funds, similar methods are applied.
Further Nordea has loans and issued debt securities in the 
subsidiary Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab at fair value. 
When Nordea grants mortgage loans to borrowers, in accor-
dance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at the 
same time issues debt securities with matching terms, so 
called “match funding”. Fair value of the issued debt securi-
ties is based on quoted prices. As the borrowers have the 
right to purchase debt securities issued by Nordea in the mar-
ket and return these as repayment for their loans, the fair 
value of the loans is the same as the fair value of the issued 
bonds (due to the revaluation of the repayment option 
embedded in the loan) adjusted for changes in the credit risk 
of the borrower and the fair value of the margin associated 
with each loan.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally 
calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individu-
al instruments. This calculation is supplemented by portfolio 
adjustments.
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valua-
tions. CVA and DVA reflect the impact on fair value from the 
counterparty´s credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality, 
respectively. Calculations are based on estimates of exposure 
at default, probability of default and recovery rates, on a 
counterparty basis. Generally, exposure at default for CVA and 
DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through 
the simulation of underlying risk factors. Where possible, 
Nordea obtains credit spreads from the credit default swap 
(CDS) market, and probabilities of defaults (PDs) are inferred 
from this data. For counterparties that do not have a liquid 
CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross-sectional regression 
model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread 
given each counterparty's rating region and industry.
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valua-
tion of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised deriva-
tives is recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment 
(FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measure-
ment close-out-cost valuation adjustments and model risk 
adjustments for identified model deficiencies.
Nordea has during 2019 changed the principle for calculat-
ing the impact of funding costs and funding benefits on the 
valuation of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised 
derivatives (FFVA) in order to address an identified double 
counting versus the CVA.
The fair value measurement of the investment properties 
takes into account a market participant's ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the investment properties in its 
highest and best use, i.e. taking into account the use of the 
investment properties that is physically possible, legally per-
missible and financially feasible. The current use of the 
investment properties in Nordea is in accordance with the 
highest and best use. The valuation of the investment proper-
ties is carried out taking into account the purpose and the 
nature of the property by using the most appropriate valua-
tion methods. The primary valuation approach is a discounted 
cash flow model using current cash flows, market interest 
rates and the current yield requirements.
Transfers between Level 1 and 2
During the year, Nordea transferred interest-bearing securi-
ties (including such financial instruments pledged as collat-
eral) of EUR 4,272m (EUR 6,778m) from Level 1 to Level 2 and 
EUR 701m (EUR 3,169m) from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair 
value hierarchy. Nordea has also transferred derivative assets 
of EUR 0m (EUR 4m) and derivative liabilities of EUR 4m 
(EUR 2m) from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea has also transferred 
debt securities in issue of EUR 4,455m (EUR 7,534m) from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 0m (EUR 384m) from Level 2 to 
Level 1. Further Nordea transferred other liabilities from Level 
1 to Level 2 of EUR 1,426m (EUR 1,494m) and EUR 1m (EUR 
128m) from Level 2 to Level 1. The reason for the transfers 
from Level 1 to Level 2 was that the instruments ceased to be 
actively traded during the period and fair values have now 
been obtained using valuation techniques with observable 
market inputs. The reason for the transfer from Level 2 to 
Level 1 was that the instruments have again been actively 
traded during the period and reliable quoted prices are 
obtained in the market. Transfers between levels are consid-
ered to have occurred at the end of the year.
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 567 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
167
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement  during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification
2018, EURm 
1 Jan 
2018
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2018
Interest-bearing 
 securities
168
–2
2
–
169
–9
2
–
–
–
–1
329
- of which Life
5
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
4
Shares
1,584
130
66
–
317
–333
–64
5
–
–3
–5
1,697
- of which Life
927
84
12
–
103
–135
–64
5
–
–
–16
916
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
- of which Life 
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
Derivatives (net)
453
–264
–431
–
–
18
246
3
–10
–
–
15
Other assets
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
68
–
–
–
74
- of which Life
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
40
–
–
–
40
Investment properties
1,448
–
57
–
131
–15
–
–
–
–
–14
1,607
- of which Life
1,437
–
57
–
113
–5
–
–
–
–
–14
1,588
Debt securities in issue
4,009
3
–585
–23
437
–
–1,215
1
–
–
–
2,627
Other Liabilities
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
14
–
–
–
14
Movements in Level 3
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement  during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
2019, EURm 
1 Jan 
2019
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2019
Interest-bearing 
 securities
329
–1
8
–
14
–180
2
–
–
–
–
172
- of which Life
4
–
9
–
–
–1
1
–
–
–
–
13
Shares
1,697
123
51
–
358
–419
–19
169
–31
91
14
2,034
- of which Life
916
42
–25
–
35
–221
–19
166
–31
–
–3
860
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
- of which Life 
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
Derivatives (net)
15
–121
200
–
–33
–
121
–
–8
–
–
174
Other assets
74
–
–5
–
–
–
–33
–
–
–
–1
35
- of which Life
40
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–
–
–
–
34
Investment properties
1,607
2
39
–
103
–157
–
–
–
–10
1
1,585
- of which Life
1,588
2
38
–
101
–145
–
–
–
–7
1
1,578
Debt securities in issue
2,627
54
–232
–8
422
–
–634
3
–
–
–
2,232
Other Liabilities
14
–
–
–
1
–13
–
–
–
–
–
2
1)  Due to deconsolidation of Nordea Bank S.A., Shares in Level 3 increased by EUR 91m and Investment properties in Level 3 decreased by EUR 3m. In addition, investment properties 
in Level 3 of EUR 7m have been reclassified from Investment properties to Properties and equipment.
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabili-
ties held at the end of the year. The reason for the transfer out 
of Level 3 was that observable market data became available. 
The reason for the transfer into Level 3 was that observable 
market data were no longer available. Transfers between lev-
els are considered to have occurred at the end of the year. 
Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during 
the year are included in “Net result from items at fair value” 
(see Note G6). Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are 
presented net.

--- Page 568 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
168
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
The valuation processes for fair value measurements 
Financial instruments
The valuation process in Nordea consists of several steps. The 
first step is to determine the end-of-day (EOD) marking of 
mid-prices. It is the responsibility of the business areas to 
determine correct prices used for the valuation process. These 
prices are either internally marked prices set by a trading unit 
or externally sourced prices. The valuation prices and valua-
tion approaches are then controlled and tested by a valuation 
control function within the 1st line of defence, which is inde-
pendent from the risk-taking units in the front office. The cor-
nerstone in the control process is the independent price veri-
fication (IPV). The IPV test comprises verification of the cor-
rectness of valuations by comparing the prices to 
independently sourced data. The result of the IPV is analysed 
and any findings are escalated as appropriate. The verifica-
tion of the correctness of prices and inputs is as a minimum 
carried out on a monthly basis and is for many products car-
ried out daily. Third-party information, such as broker quotes 
and pricing services, is used as benchmark data in the verifi-
cation. The quality of the benchmark data is assessed on a 
regular basis. 
The valuation adjustment at portfolio level and the defer-
rals of day 1 P/L on Level 3 trades are calculated and reported 
on a monthly basis. The actual assessment of instruments in 
the fair value hierarchy is performed on a continuous basis. 
 Specialised teams within the unit Balance Sheet Risk Con-
trol (BSRC) are responsible for overseeing and independently 
assessing the valuations performed by the 1st line of defence. 
These teams are responsible for 2nd line of defence oversight 
for valuations, with independent reporting responsibilities 
towards the CRO and the BAC.
Investment properties
The main part of the investment properties in Nordea is held 
by Nordea Life and Pension (NLP). The valuation of the 
investment properties in NLP is performed quarterly by the 
real estate departments in each entity within NLP with full or 
partial assistance from external valuers. For the departments 
that use their own methodologies the changes in price levels 
of the properties are compared with valuations of similar 
properties assessed by external valuers. The result of the val-
uation is presented to, and approved by, the local manage-
ment in each entity. The CFO in each entity within NLP is 
responsible for the approval of the concepts and for the val-
ues used. The principles used in all entities are in accordance 
with regulations provided by the local Financial Supervisory 
Authorities (FSA) which are in accordance with international 
valuation principles and in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition there is an Investment Operation Committee 
(IOC) which is a joint forum focusing on valuation and 
accounting of investment operations issues within NLP.  
The entities within NLP report regularly to IOC and IOC report 
quarterly to the Nordea Group Valuation Committee.
Investment properties in NLP are backing the liabilities to 
policyholders in life insurance contracts, unit-linked contracts 
and investment contracts, which means that the impact on 
Nordea’s income statement and on shareholders’ equity 
depends on the financial buffers and the profit sharing agree-
ments in the actual unit that owns the property.
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 569 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
169
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit  institutions2
164
9
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–16/16
Corporates
8
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
172
13
–16/16
Shares
Private equity funds
833
489
Net asset value3
–93/93
Hedge funds
87
83
Net asset value3
–8/8
Credit Funds
421
167
Net asset value/market consensus3
–35/35
Other funds
289
115
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
460
62
–
–32/32
Total
2,090
916
–194/194
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
265
–
Option model
Correlations
–31/35
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–10
–
Option model
Correlations
–6/3
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–16
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–69
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–24/26
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
4
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
174
–
–61/64
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,232
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–11/11
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,232
–
–11/11
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
33
34
–4/4
Total
33
34
–4/4
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts. The 
gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders  
and do consequently not affect Nordea's equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a reasonable change of this credit spread would not 
affect the fair value due to callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 3% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 56m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 570 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
170
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
The table above shows, for each class of assets and liabilities 
categorised in Level 3, the fair value, the valuation techniques 
used to estimate the fair value, significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation techniques and for financial 
assets and liabilities the fair value sensitivity to changes in 
key assumptions. 
The column “range of fair value” in the tables above shows 
the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 financial instru-
ments to changes in key assumptions. Where the exposure to 
an unobservable parameter is offset across different instru-
ments only the net impact is disclosed in the table. The rang-
es disclosed are likely to be greater than the true uncertainty 
in fair value of these instruments, as it is unlikely in practice 
that all unobservable parameters would be simultaneously at 
the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possible alterna-
tives. The disclosure is neither predictive nor indicative of 
future movements in fair value. 
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
derivatives a range of different modelling approaches are 
applied to determine an uncertainty interval around the 
reported fair value. The different approaches applied target 
various aspects of derivatives pricing. Two common compo-
nents of derivative valuation models are volatility of underly-
ing risk factors and correlation between the relevant risk fac-
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit  institutions2
323
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–32/32
Corporates
6
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
329
4
–32/32
Shares
Private equity funds
745
457
Net asset value3
–84/84
Hedge funds
102
83
Net asset value3
–6/6
Credit Funds
398
176
Net asset value/market consensus3
–33/33
Other funds
292
183
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
191
48
–
–16/16
Total
1,728
947
–165/165 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
259
–
Option model
Correlations
–13/14
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–25
–
Option model
Correlations
–12/8
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–13
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–212
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–34/33
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
6
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
15
–
–59/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,627
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–13/13
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,627
–
–13/13
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
60
40
–7/7
Total
60
40
–7/7
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
aquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  
The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policy-
holders and do consequently not affect Nordea’s equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a resonable change of this credit spread would not  
affect the fair value due to  callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
 develop ment in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and  Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 5% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 31m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.

--- Page 571 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
171
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Investment properties
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
 unobservable input
Norway
713
 713 
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
110–401 EUR/m2
280 EUR/m2
- Other
128 EUR/m2
128 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
4.0%–5.65%
4,6%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7,1%
Finland3
933
 933 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–230 EUR/m2
187 EUR/m2
- Office
189–306 EUR/m2
296 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–291 EUR/m2
261 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.75%–7.25%
6,5%
- Office
4.5%–8.25%
5,8%
- Apartment
3.25%–4.75%
4,0%
- Other
4.5% -6%
5,3%
Sweden
238
 238 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
73–208 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
226–231 EUR/m2
229 EUR/m2
- Apartment
166–178 EUR/m2
172 EUR/m2
- Other
65–66 EUR/m2
65 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.10%–6.75%
5,8%
- Office
4.5%–4.65%
4,6%
- Apartment
3.73%–4.30%
3,9%
- Other
6.75%–6.75%
6,8%
Other
7
–
Discounted cash flows
 –
–
–
Total
1,891
1,884
1) Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2) The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3) Of which EUR 306m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
tors. Each of these is addressed by applying different assump-
tions to input and/or the choice of modelling approach. 
Besides these common factors a number of asset class spe-
cific factors are addressed. These include equity dividend 
expectations, recovery assumptions for credit derivatives and 
inflation expectations. The fair values of derivatives are pre-
sented as the net of assets and liabilities.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
shares and interest-bearing securities the fair value was 
increased and decreased within a total range of 2–10 per-
centage units depending on the valuation uncertainty and 
underlying assumptions. Higher ranges are applied to instru-
ments with more uncertain valuations relative to actively 
traded instruments and underlying uncertainties in individual 
assumptions.

--- Page 572 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
172
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
Investment properties
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
 unobservable input
Norway
620
620
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
102–729 EUR/m2
284 EUR/m2
- Other
126 EUR/m2
126 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
3.9%–6.0%
4.8%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7.7%
Finland3
881
881
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–233 EUR/m2
189 EUR/m2
- Office
123–294 EUR/m2
208 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–288 EUR/m2
260 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.8%–7.0%
6.4%
- Office
4.3%–8.3%
6.3%
- Apartment
3.3%–4.8%
4.0%
- Other
4.5%–6.3%
5.4%
Sweden
245
245
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
66–209 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
233 EUR/m2
233 EUR/m2
- Apartment
169–179 EUR/m2
174 EUR/m2
- Other
66 EUR/m2
66 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.3%–6.8%
5.8%
- Office
4.6%–5.0%
4.8%
- Apartment
3.8%–4.7%
4.0%
- Other
7.0%–7.2%
7.1%
Other
19
–
Discounted cash flows
 –
–
–
Total
1,765
1,746
1) Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2) The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3) Of which EUR 158m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value 
measurement of the investment properties are market rent 
and yield requirement. Significant increases (decreases) in 
market rate or yield requirement in isolation would result in  
a significant lower (higher) fair value.
Movements in deferred Da y 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases 
differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured 
using a valuation model, mainly due to the transaction price  
not being established in an active market. If there are signifi-
cant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the trans-
action price and any difference between the transaction price 
and fair value at initial recognition measured using a valua-
tion model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information see 
Note G1 “Accounting policies”. The table below shows the 
aggregate difference yet to be recognised in the income 
statement at the beginning and end of the period and a rec-
onciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed 
during the year (movements in deferred Day 1 profit).
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 573 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
173
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net
EURm
2019
2018
Amount at beginning of year
81
58
Deferred profit/loss on new transactions
85
62
Recognised in the income statement during the year1 
–41
–39
Amount at end of year
125
81
1) Of which EUR –m (EUR –m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.
Cash and balances with central banks 
The fair value of “Cash and balances with central banks” is due 
to its short term nature assumed to equal the carrying amount 
and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Loans
The fair value of “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” has been estimated by 
discounting the expected future cash flows with an assumed 
customer interest rate that would have been used on the mar-
ket if the loans had been issued at the time of the measure-
ment. The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the 
benchmark interest rate plus the average margin on new 
lending in Personal Banking, Business Banking and Large 
Corporates & Institutions respectively.
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy.
Interest-bearing securities
The fair value is EUR 3,606m (EUR 3,496m), of which EUR 
237m (EUR 0m) is categorised in Level 1 and EUR 3,369m 
(EUR 3,496m) in Level 2. The measurement principles follow 
those for similar instruments that are held at fair value on the 
balance sheet.
Other assets and prepaid expenses and accrued income
The balance sheet items “Other assets” and “Prepaid expens-
es and accrued income” consist of short receivables, mainly 
accrued interest receivables. The fair value is therefore con-
sidered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Deposits and debt instruments
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Deposits and 
borrowings from the public”, “Debt securities in issue” and 
“Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the carrying 
amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and 
in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to inter-
est rate risk are based on changes in relevant interest rates 
compared with corresponding nominal interest rate in the 
portfolios. The fair value changes in the credit risk are calcu-
lated as the difference between the credit spread in the nomi-
nal interest rate compared with the current spread that is 
observed in the market. This calculation is performed on an 
aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised in the 
balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordi-
nated liabilities”. As the contractual maturity is short for 
“Deposits by credit institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing 
from the public” the changes in Nordea´s own credit risk relat-
ed to these items are assumed not to be significant. This is also 
the case for short-term issuances recognised in the balance 
sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated 
liabilities”.
Other liabilities and accrued expenses and prepaid income
The balance sheet items “Other liabilities” and “Accrued 
expenses and prepaid income” consist of short-term liabili-
ties, mainly liabilities on securities settlement. The fair value is 
therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and 
is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
Fair value
Level in fair 
value hierarchy
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Cash and balances with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
3
Loans
257,056
259,786
249,913
253,159
3
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
3,606
3,384
3,496
1,2
Other assets
1,079
1,079
955
955
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
693
989
989
3
Total 
297,826
300,673
296,819
300,177
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Deposits and debt instruments
334,417
335,162
338,438
339,225
3
Other liabilities
3,409
3,409
989
989
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
3
Total 
338,041
338,786
339,700
340,487
G41. Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 574 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
174
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G42. Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
 netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
 recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
 balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
 collateral 
received 
Cash  collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
126,040
–87,038
39,002
–27,317
–
–9,987
1,698
Reverse repurchase agreements
38,143
–9,965
28,178
–
–28,178
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,324
–
4,324
–
–3,223
–
1,101
Variation margin
382
–382
0
–
–
–
0
Total
168,889
–97,385
71,504
–27,317
–31,401
–9,987
2,799
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
 netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
 recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
 balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
 collateral 
pledged 
Cash  collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
125,813
–84,423
41,390
–27,317
–
–4,676
9,397
Repurchase agreements
24,351
–9,965
14,386
–
–14,356
–
30
Securities lending agreements
2,500
–
2,500
–
–2,500
–
0
Variation margin
2,996
–2,997
0
–
–
–
0
Total
155,660
–97,385
58,276
–27,317
–16,856
–4,676
9,427
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value , except for the reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,169m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,211m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit  institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by  credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
 netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
 recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
 balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
 collateral 
received 
Cash  collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
110,616
–73,806
36,810
–22,881
–
–10,183
3,746
Reverse repurchase agreements
37,336
–12,448
24,888
–
–24,888
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,176
–
4,176
–
–2,444
–
1,732
Variation margin
453
–453
0
–
–
–
0
Total
152,581
–86,707
65,874
–22,881
–27,332
–10,183
5,478
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
 netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
 recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
 collateral 
pledged 
Cash  collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
107,209
–70,998
36,211
–22,881
–
–4,311
9,019
Repurchase agreements
29,092
–12,448
16,644
–
–16,644
–
0
Securities lending agreements
2,963
–
2,963
–
–3,703
–
–740
Variation margin
3,261
–3,261
0
–
–
–
0
Total
142,525
–86,707
55,818
–22,881
–20,347
–4,311
8,279
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value, except for reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,217m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,210m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.

--- Page 575 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
175
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G42. Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements, cont.
Enforceable master netting arrangements  
and similar agreements
The fact that financial instruments are accounted for on a 
gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agree-
ments or similar arrangements. Generally financial instru-
ments (derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions)
would be subject to master netting agreements, and Nordea 
would consequently be able to benefit from netting, in the 
event of its counter-parties defaulting, in any calculations 
involving counterparty credit risk.
For a description of counterparty risk, see the section 
Counterparty risk in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
G43. Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals
Transferred assets that are not derecognised 
in their entirety and associated liabilities
Assets are considered to be transferred from Nordea if 
Nordea either transfers the contractual right to receive the 
cash flows from the asset or to retain that right, but has a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more 
entities.
All assets transferred continue to be recognised on the bal-
ance sheet if Nordea is still exposed to changes in the fair 
value of the assets. This is the case for repurchase agree-
ments and securities lending transactions. 
Repurchase agreements are a form of collateralised bor-
rowing whereby Nordea sells securities with an agreement to 
repurchase them at a later date at a fixed price. The cash 
received is recognised as a deposit (liability). Securities deliv-
ered under repurchase agreements are not derecognised 
from the balance sheet. 
Securities lending transactions are transactions whereby 
 Nordea lends securities it holds to a counterpart and receives 
a fee.
As both repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions result in securities being returned to Nordea, all 
risks and rewards of the instruments transferred are retained 
by Nordea, although they are not available to  Nordea during 
the period during which they are transferred. The counter-
parts in the transactions hold the securities as collateral, but 
have no recourse to other assets in Nordea.
The securities still reported on the balance sheet and the 
corresponding liabilities are measured at fair value.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Securities lending agreements
Shares
–
–
Total
7,151
7,568
Liabilities associated with the assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
7,150
7,564
Securities lending agreements
–
–
Securitisations
–
–
Total
7,150
7,564
Net
1
4
Obtained collaterals that are permitted  
to be sold or repledged
Nordea obtains collaterals under reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements which, under the terms of 
the agreements, can be sold or repledged. The transactions 
are conducted under standard agreements employed by 
financial markets participants. Generally, the agreements 
require additional collateral to be provided if the value of the 
securities falls below a predetermined level. Under standard 
terms for most repurchase transactions, the recipient of col-
lateral has an unrestricted right to sell or repledge it, subject 
to returning equivalent securities upon settlement of the 
transactions. The fair value of the securities obtained as col-
lateral under reverse repurchase and securities borrowing 
agreements is disclosed below.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Reverse repurchase agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
36,218
35,632
- of which repledged or sold
15,791
19,661
Securities borrowing agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
5,680
5,648
- of which repledged or sold
2,612
2,980
Total
41,898
41,280
G43. Transferred assets and 
obtained collaterals, cont.

--- Page 576 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
176
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
G44.  Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Expected maturity
31 Dec 2019 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
35,509
41,578
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
G14
9,207
–
9,207
7,642
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
7,629
887
8,516
10,856
464
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
71,994
250,746
322,740
77,834
230,470
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
20,021
44,909
64,930
36,619
39,603
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
–
7,151
7,151
7,568
–
7,568
Shares
G17
6,474
7,710
14,184
6,049
6,403
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
G18
22,371
8,428
30,799
17,314
7,269
24,583
Derivatives
G19
7,097
32,014
39,111
7,463
29,562
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
44
173
217
74
95
169
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
G20
–
572
572
139
1,462
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
4
3,691
3,695
205
3,830
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
169
1,833
2,002
127
419
546
Investment properties
G24
715
870
1,585
16
1,591
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
23
464
487
17
147
164
Current tax assets
362
–
362
284
–
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
–
173
173
–
246
246
Other assets
G25
11,944
599
12,543
14,554
195
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
805
260
1,065
1,094
219
1,313
Total assets
194,368
360,480
554,848
229,433
321,975
551,408
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,117
187
32,304
36,690
5,729
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
159,446
9,279
168,725
159,718
5,240
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
G18
6,188
25,671
31,859
5,242
20,411
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
1,056
18,190
19,246
1,939
16,291
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
65,196
128,530
193,726
71,549
118,873
190,422
Derivatives
G19
8,955
33,092
42,047
8,168
31,379
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,521
497
2,018
616
657
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
–
742
414
–
414
Other liabilities1
G31
18,589
1,279
19,868
23,233
82
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,471
5
1,476
1,646
50
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
95
386
481
40
666
706
Provisions
G33
228
342
570
250
71
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
–
439
439
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
2,512
7,307
9,819
536
8,619
9,155
Total liabilities 
298,116
225,204
523,320
310,041
208,466
518,507
1) Of which liabilities related to right of use assets
138
1,087
1,225
–
–
–

--- Page 577 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
177
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
205,741
526,949
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
67,685
67,685
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,240
10,240
Total assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
283,666
604,874
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
38,667
426,848
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
108,226
108,226
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
52,030
52,030
Total liabilities and equity
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
198,923
587,104
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
569,174
151,980
237,205
87,566
1,045,925
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
568,210
153,460
237,308
87,015
1,045,993
Net exposure 
–
964
–1,480
–103
551
–68
Exposure
–102,098
–2,999
878
36,627
85,294
17,702
Cumulative exposure
–102,098
–105,097
–104,219
–67,592
17,702
–
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
210,748
543,803
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
61,648
61,648
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,286
10,286
Total assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
282,682
615,737
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
37,452
432,138
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
104,805
104,805
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
55,657
55,657
Total liabilities and equity
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
197,914
592,600
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
574,388
174,708
264,725
89,041
1,102,862
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
565,441
174,087
273,162
90,700
1,103,390
Net exposure 
–
8,947
621
–8,437
–1,659
–528
Exposure
–92,094
–5,300
7,078
29,816
83,109
22,609
Cumulative exposure
–92,094
–97,394
–90,316
–60,500
22,609
–
The table is based on contractual maturities for the on bal-
ance sheet items. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows 
and outflows are disclosed for both derivative assets and 
derivative liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net 
basis. In addition to the instruments on the balance sheet 
items, Nordea has credit commitments amounting to  
EUR 75,330m (EUR 73,287m), which could be drawn on at 
any time. Nordea has also issued guarantees of EUR 16,646m 
(EUR 16,383m) which may lead to future cash outflows if 
 certain events occur. For further information about remaining 
maturity, see also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
G44.  Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 578 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
178
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
The information below is presented from a Nordea perspec-
tive, meaning that the information shows the effect from 
related party transactions on the Nordea figures.
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Assets
Loans
143
498
–
–
Interest-bearing securities
–
1,635
92
98
Derivatives
3
142
51
116
Other assets
66
2
41
11
Total assets
212
2,277
184
225
Liabilities
Deposits
8
587
524
759
Debt securities in issue
–
25
–
–
Derivatives
8
226
10
19
Other liabilities
–
107
2
1
Total liabilities 
16
945
536
779
Off balance
21
1,823
5
–
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income
1
23
2
3
Net fee and commission income
3
–15
–
–
Net result from items at fair value
5
–428
–12
51
Other operating income
1
1
–
–
Total operating expenses
0
–15
–
–
Profit before loan losses
10
–434
–10
54
1)  Shareholders with significant influence and close family members of key management 
personnel at Nordea, as well as companies controlled by key management personnel 
or by close family members of key management personnel at Nordea, are considered 
to be related parties to Nordea. This group of related parties includes Sampo Plc, 
which has a significant influence over Nordea, and the subsidiaries of Sampo Plc.  
Liabilities to Sampo Plc and its subsidiaries consist mainly of deposits and long-term 
investments in bonds issued by Nordea. The transactions with Sampo Plc and its sub-
sidiaries also include several ongoing derivative contracts. Other related parties also 
include Nordea's pension foundations. 
With the exception of compensation, certain loans and other 
commitments to key management, all related party transac-
tions are made on the same criteria and terms as those of 
comparable transactions with external parties of similar 
standing.
Compensation and loans to key management personnel
Compensation and loans to key management personnel are 
specified in Note G8 “Staff costs“. Certain other commitments 
to key management are noted in Note G38 ”Contingent 
liabilities”.
G45. Related-party transactions
G46. Interests in structured entities
Structured entities are entities designed so that voting or  
similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who 
controls the entity. It normally has restricted activities with  
a narrow and well-defined objective. If Nordea controls such 
an entity, it is consolidated.
Consolidated structured entities
The Viking ABCP Conduit (Viking) has been established with 
the purpose of supporting trade receivable or accounts pay-
able securitisations to core Nordic customers. The SPEs pur-
chase trade receivables from the approved sellers and fund 
the purchases either by issuing Commercial Papers (CP) via 
the established Asset Backed Commercial Papers programme 
or by drawing funds on the liquidity facilities available. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of 
EUR 952m (EUR 1,060m) and at year-end EUR 871m  
(EUR 938m) was utilised. Total assets in the conduit were 
EUR 904m (EUR 971m) at year-end. The SPE is consolidated 
as it is closely linked to the activities within Nordea. Also, 
Nordea is exposed to credit risk through the liquidity facility. 
There are no significant restrictions on repayment of loans 
from Viking apart from the payments being dependent on the 
rate at which Viking releases its assets.
AR Finance invests in notes backed by trade receivables. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of EUR 
125m (EUR 125m) and at year-end EUR 83m (EUR 114m) was 
utilised. The entity holds assets of EUR 84m (EUR 117m) at 
year-end.
Unconsolidated structured entities
For structured entities in which Nordea has an interest but 
not control, disclosures are provided. To be considered to 
have an interest in such an entity, Nordea must be exposed to 
variability in returns on the investment in the structured enti-
ty. Investment funds are the only interests in unconsolidated 
structured entities Nordea currently holds. Variability in 
returns is assessed based on both fees received and revalua-
tion of holdings in the funds.
There are several different products in which Nordea invests 
in investment funds:
a) on behalf of policyholders in Nordea Life & Pensions
b)  on behalf of depositors where the return is based the 
investment
c)  hedge exposures in structured products issued to 
customers
d) illiquid investments in private equity and credit funds
As Nordea is exposed to variability in returns on a gross basis, 
information about these funds is disclosed although the net 
exposure is considerably less. Any change in the value of 
investment funds acquired on behalf of policyholders and 
depositors, for which the policyholder/depositor bears the 
investment risk, is reflected in the value of the related liability 
and the maximum net exposure to losses is zero. The change 
in value in investment funds held on behalf of other policy-
holders is largely passed on to the policyholders, but as 
Nordea has issued guarantees in some of these products, 
Nordea is exposed to the changes in value.

--- Page 579 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
179
Nordea Annual Report 2019
Investment funds acquired to hedge exposures in struc-
tured products reduce the exposures and, to the extent hedg-
es are effective, Nordea is not exposed to changes in value. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 1m 
(EUR 3m), net of hedges.
Investments in illiquid private equity and credit funds are 
an integral part of managing balance sheet risks in Nordea. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 600m 
(EUR 509m), equal to the investment in the funds.
Nordea's interests in unconsolidated structured entities 
and any related liability are disclosed in the table below. The 
carrying amount is the maximum exposure to credit loss, 
before considering any hedges. Income related to these 
investments is recognised in “Net result from items at fair 
value”.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets, carrying amount:
Shares
10,899
8,044
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Total assets
37,552
30,223
Liabilities, carrying amount:
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Liabilities to policyholders
10,171
7,435
Total liabilities
36,824
29,614
Off balance, nominal amount:
Loan commitments 
0
0
Nordea holds approximately 2,500 different funds that are 
classified as unconsolidated structured entities, approximate-
ly 400 of which are managed by Nordea. These have different 
investment mandates and risk appetites, ranging from low-
risk government bond funds to high-risk leveraged equity 
funds. Total assets in funds managed by Nordea are EUR 
177bn (EUR 151bn). All funds are financed by deposits from 
the units holders. The total assets in investment funds not 
managed by Nordea are not considered meaningful for the 
purpose of understanding the related risks and are thus not 
disclosed.
Nordea has sponsored two unconsolidated structured enti-
ties in which Nordea does not currently have an interest, 
Archean and Thulite. Nordea has established the entities but 
has no influence over them, and is thus considered to have 
sponsored them. During 2019, Thulite entered into one trans-
action, where it issued bonds and deposited funds with 
Nordea, as well as entering into a CDS selling credit protec-
tion to Nordea. Nordea has not recognised any income during 
2019 from Thulite. Archean has issued a guarantee in favour 
of Nordea and Nordea has received compensation amounting 
to EUR 18m from Archean under this guarantee during 2019. 
G46.  Interests in structured entities, cont.

--- Page 580 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
180
Annual Report 2019 Nordea
The table below presents for each country where Nordea is 
established, (i.e. where Nordea has a physical presence), 
information about the businesses, geographical area, average 
number of employees, total operating income, operating prof-
it and income tax expense. Nordea is considered to have a 
physical presence in a country if Nordea has a subsidiary, 
associated undertaking or branch in that country. Nordea has 
not received any significant government subsidies.
2019
2018
Country
Business1
Geographical 
area
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
 operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
 operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Denmark
RB, CB, AM, LP
Denmark
7,904
2,588
424
–47
8,505
2,655
898
–159
Finland
RB, CB, AM, LP
Finland
6,368
2,110
198
–90
6,459
1,820
694
–164
Sweden 
RB, CB, AM, LP
Sweden
6,712
2,304
442
–150
7,055
3,083
1,080
–302
Norway
RB, CB, AM, LP
Norway
2,952
1,691
726
–198
2,962
1,668
1,061
–161
Russia
CB
Russia
335
53
29
–9
396
62
38
–8
Poland
Other
Poland
4,006
177
5
–2
2,980
124
1
1
Estonia
Other 
Estonia
432
19
3
0
253
10
1
0
Luxembourg
AM, LP
Luxembourg
254
276
179
–53
434
326
180
–54
United States
RB, CB, AM, LP
New York
116
90
49
–7
116
87
–65
–21
United Kingdom
RB, CB, AM, LP
London
54
66
40
–11
58
81
57
–3
Singapore
CB
Singapore
64
26
9
–1
75
33
–1
–1
Germany
CB, AM
Frankfurt
45
21
8
–4
44
18
8
1
Switzerland
AM
Zürich
5
2
0
0
10
2
0
0
China
CB
Shanghai
29
6
0
1
29
7
1
–1
Italy
AM
Rome
10
6
1
0
9
5
0
0
Spain
AM
Madrid
6
2
0
0
5
2
0
0
Brazil
AM
Sao Paolo
0
1
–
–
2
1
0
0
France
AM
Paris
3
1
0
0
3
1
0
0
Chile
AM
Santiago
3
2
0
0
–
–
–
–
Belgium
AM
Belgium
2
0
0
0
–
–
–
–
Eliminations3
–
–806
–
–
–
–813
–
–
Total
29,300
8,635
2,113
–571
29,395
9,172
3,953
–872
1) RB= Retail banking, CB=Commercial banking, AM=Asset management, LP=Life and Pension. Split based on Nordea’s business activities, not on Nordea’s organisational units.
2)  Total operating income presented in this table is split by countries based on where Nordea has a physical presence, i.e. where Nordea has a subsidiary, associated undertaking or 
branch, while total operating profit presented in Note G3 is split by countries based on the location of the customers´ operations.
3) Eliminations of transactions consist mainly of intragroup IT services.
Denmark
Nordea Danmark Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland
Nordea Investment Management AB, Denmark 
Branch
Nordea Fund Management, filial af Nordea 
funds Oy, Finland
Finland
Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd
Nordea Investment Management AB, Finland 
Branch
Sweden 
Nordea Bank Abp filial i Sverige
Nordea Life Holding AB
Nordea Livförsäkring Sverige AB (publ)
Nordea Funds Ab, Swedish Branch
Norway
Livforsikringsselskapet Nordea Liv Norge AS
Nordea Investment Management AB, Norway 
Branch
Nordea Funds Ltd, Norwegian Branch
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge
Italy
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Italian Branch
 
France
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. French Branch
Estonia
Nordea Bank AB Estonia Branch
Belgium
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Belgium Branch
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp Niederlassung Frankfurt
Nordea Funds Services GmbH (Germany)
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. German Branch
China
Nordea Bank Abp Shanghai Branch
Poland
Nordea Bank Abp Spolka Akcyjna Oddzial w 
Polsce
Singapore
Nordea Bank Abp Singapore Branch
Switzerland 
Nordea Asset Management Schweiz GmbH
Spain 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Sucursal en 
Espana
United Kingdom 
Nordea Bank AB London Branch 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. UK Branch
United States 
Nordea Bank Abp New York Branch
Chile 
NAM Chile SpA
Nordea also discloses the names of the subsidiaries, associ-
ated undertakings and branches for each country where 
Nordea is established. These disclosures are presented in the 
table below, in the last table “Group undertakings included in 
the Nordea Group” in the section “Capital adequacy for the 
Nordea Group” and in the last table in Note G20 “Investments 
in associated undertakings and Joint Ventures”.
G47. Country by country reporting

--- Page 581 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
181
Nordea Annual Report 2019
G48. Acquisitions
Acquisition of Gjensidige Bank 
On 2 July 2018, Nordea entered into an agreement with 
Gjensidige Forsikring to acquire all shares in Gjensidige 
Bank. The transaction was closed on 1 March 2019, when 
Nordea received final approval from the Norwegian regula-
tors. 1 March is the acquisition date and the date from which 
the acquired assets and liabilities are recognised on Nordea’s 
balance sheet. Assets and liabilities acquired are disclosed in 
the table below. 
The following purchase price allocation (PPA) has been 
established as of 1 March 2019.
EURm
1 Mar 2019
Loans to the public1 
5,185
Interest-bearing securities
608
Accruals and other assets
93
Deposits from the public
–2,315
Debt securities in issue1
–3,022
Accruals and other liabilities
–108
Acquired net assets
441
Purchase price, settled in cash
576
Cost of combination
576
Surplus value
135
Allocation of surplus value:
Non-controlling interest
–46
Customer intangible
29
Brands
8
Deferred tax liability
–6
Goodwill
150
1) Including adjustments for fair value for loans and debt securities in issue measured 
at amortised cost in Gjensidige.
The fair value of loans in the table above included allow-
ances for the contractual cash flows not expected to be col-
lected. The allowances amounts to EUR 37m.
Nordea has identified a number of intangible assets in the 
acquisition. Two different customer related intangibles have 
been identified, one for deposit customers and one for lend-
ing customers. The value of the deposit customers is related 
to the funding they provide at interest rates lower than other 
funding. The customer intangible related to lending reflects 
the profit generated in specific portfolios. Amortisation of the 
deposit-related intangible is done over eight years, while the 
intangible related to the loans is amortised over four years, 
reflecting the pace at which customers can be expected to 
leave. The consumer finance business in Gjensidige is distrib-
uted through the brand Oppfinans, which is included in the 
acquisition. The brand has been valued using a royalty rate of 
3.5%. Goodwill arises mainly due to the synergies Nordea 
expects to achieve. Integrating the business in Gjensidige into 
Nordea will create cost synergies as well as some income 
synergies. The brand and the goodwill are expected to have 
indefinite lives and are consequently not amortised.
The Additional Tier 1 instrument accounted for as equity in 
Gjensidige is reported as a non-controlling interest in the 
Nordea consolidated accounts. The impact on Nordea’s net 
profit for the year was insignificant.

--- Page 582 ---
281
1) Employee representative.
*  The total amount of the dividend payment and the amount carried forward as distributable retained earnings after the dividend pay-out, will be adjusted based on the amount of trea-
sury shares held by Nordea Bank Abp at the record date for the dividend payment.
Signing
Board of Directors’ proposal for the distribution of profits
On 31 December 2019, Nordea Bank Abp’s distributable earn-
ings, including profit for the financial year, were EUR 
18,166,606,378.45 and the unrestricted equity reserve was 
EUR 4,590,425,994.62. The Board of Directors proposes to the 
Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp to be held on 
25 March 2020 that a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share be paid 
based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2019.
The Company’s number of shares is 4,049,951,919. The total 
dividend payment for 2019, excluding dividend for treasury 
shares, would then be EUR 1,615,656,843.60* and it would be 
paid from retained earnings. After the dividend pay-out,  
EUR 16,550,949,534.85* is to be carried forward as distribut-
able retained earnings.
No material changes have taken place in the financial posi-
tion of the Company since the end of the financial period and 
the proposed dividend does not compromise the Company’s 
solvency. 
Nordea Bank Abp is the parent company of the Nordea Group 
and domiciled in Helsinki, Finland. A copy of the report by the 
Board of Directors and financial statements are available at 
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 00500 Helsinki and on Nordea’s website 
at www.nordea.com.
Auditor’s note
A report on the audit has been issued today.
Helsinki, 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Signatures to the Financial Statements and the Board of Directors report 
Helsinki, 20 February 2020
Torbjörn Magnusson
Chair
Frank Vang-Jensen
President and Group CEO
Kari Jordan
Vice Chair
Dorrit Groth Brandt
Board member1
Pernille Erenbjerg 
Board member
Nigel Hinshelwood 
Board member
Petra van Hoeken
Board member
Robin Lawther
Board member
John Maltby
Board member
Gerhard Olsson
Board member1
Hans Christian Riise
Board member1
Sarah Russell
Board member
Birger Steen
Board member
Maria Varsellona
Board member
Nordea Annual Report 2019

--- Page 583 ---
Auditor’s report
282
Auditor’s report (Translation of the Swedish original)
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion
In our opinion  
• the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and financial performance 
and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU
• the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company’s financial performance and financial position in 
accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements in Finland and comply 
with statutory requirements.
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019. The financial statements comprise: 
• the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, 
statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies
• the parent company’s balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing 
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Independence
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and to the 
group companies are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit 
services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provid-
ed are disclosed in Note G9 Other expenses/Auditors’ fees to the consolidated financial statements.
Our Audit Approach
Overview
• Overall group materiality: € 200 million, which represents 0,65 % of equity.
• The group audit scope encompassed all significant group companies, as well a number of smaller 
group companies in Nordic countries, covering the vast majority of revenue, assets and liabilities.
• Impairment of loans to customers
• Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
• Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
• IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting.
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signifi-
cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
Annual Report 2019 Nordea

--- Page 584 ---
Auditor’s report
283
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance 
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They 
are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic deci-
sions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall 
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and 
to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole.
 
Overall group materiality
€ 200 million
How we determined it
0,65 % of equity
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose equity as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark 
against which the capital resources of the bank are most commonly mea-
sured by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 0,65% 
which is within the range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds 
in auditing standards.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit, taking into account the structure of the Nordea group, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the group operates.
We determined the type of work that needed to be performed at group companies by us, as the group engagement team, 
or by component auditors from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction.  Where the work was performed 
by component auditors, we issued specific instructions to reporting component auditors which included our risk analysis, 
materiality and audit approach to centralized systems. Audits were performed in group companies which were considered 
significant either because of their individual financial significance or due to their specific nature, covering the majority of 
revenue, assets and liabilities of the group.
By performing the procedures above at group companies, combined with additional procedures at the group level, we have 
obtained sufficient and appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the group as a whole to provide a basis 
for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the finan-
cial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other mat-
ters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Nordea Annual Report 2019

--- Page 585 ---
Auditor’s report
284
Key audit matter in the audit of the group
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment of loans to customer
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G11 – Net loan losses and 
Note G14 – Loans and impairment to the consolidated finan-
cial statements.
A high level of judgement is involved in determining the 
appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. For individu-
ally assessed loans, judgement is involved in determining 
whether a loan has a loss event and in assessing the loan 
loss amount.
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a function of 
the probability of default, the exposure at default and the 
loss given default, as well as the timing of the loss. 
Nordea categorises loans into three stages depending on the 
level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for each individual 
loan. For loans without significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 1, expected credit losses are calculated for estimated 
defaults within 12 months. For loans where there is a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 
3, a lifetime of expected losses are calculated.
Nordea uses adjustments to the model-driven ECL results to 
address impairment model limitations and market trends.
 
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal 
controls over financial reporting and substantive testing. 
We obtained an understanding of the loan origination 
process, credit risk management and the impairment 
allowances for loans and advances to customers.
We had a special focus on ECL model updates and the 
credit risk development for large customers.
Based on risk, we selected individual loans and performed 
detailed credit file reviews and assessed its credit risk.
For ECL models, we involved our modelling specialists to 
assess the methodology, challenge the underlying 
assumptions and to independently reperform the calcula-
tion for a sample of loans.
We evaluated adjustments to the model driven ECL and 
reviewed that governance procedures have been 
performed. 
We assessed the disclosures related to impairment of 
loans.
Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G19 – Derivatives and 
Hedge accounting, Note G40 – Classification of financial 
instruments and Note G41 – Assets and liabilities at fair value 
to the consolidated financial statements. 
Given the ongoing volatility and macro-economic uncertain-
ty, valuation of financial instruments continues to be an area 
of inherent risk. The valuation of Level II and III financial 
instruments utilise observable and unobservable inputs 
respectively, for recurring fair value measurements. Signifi-
cant portfolios of financial instruments are valued based on 
models and certain assumptions that are not observable by 
third parties. 
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments held at 
fair value relate to: 
• Framework and policies relating to models and valuation;
• Internal controls relating to fair value hierarchy, fair value 
adjustments, price testing and model control & gover-
nance; and
• Disclosures of financial instruments.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We assessed and tested the design and operating effective-
ness of the controls over:
• The identification, measurement and oversight of valu-
ation of financial instruments
• Fair value hierarchy, fair value adjustments and inde-
pendent price verification
• Model control and governance.
We examined the Group’s independent price verification 
processes, model validation and approval processes, con-
trols over data feeds and inputs to valuation and the Group’s 
governance and reporting processes and controls. 
For the valuations dependent on unobservable inputs or 
which involve a higher degree of judgment, we assessed 
the assumptions, methodologies and models used by the 
Group. We performed an independent valuation of a sample 
of positions.
In respect of fair value adjustments, specifically Credit, Debt 
and Funding fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA and FFVA) 
for derivatives we assessed the methodology applied, 
underlying models and assumptions made by the Group 
and compared it with our knowledge of current industry 
practice. We tested the controls over the data inputs to the 
underlying models and on a sample basis tested underlying 
transactions back to supporting evidence.
Annual Report 2019 Nordea

--- Page 586 ---
Auditor’s report
285
Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty) and Note G29 – Liabilities to poli-
cyholders to the consolidated financial statements. 
Technical provisions involve subjective judgments over 
uncertain future outcomes. The value is based on models 
where significant judgment is applied in setting economic 
assumptions, actuarial assumptions as well as customer 
behavior. Changes in these assumptions can materially 
impact the valuation of technical provisions. 
We assessed the design and tested operating effective-
ness of the controls over the process for calculating provi-
sions within the Life business. 
Our audit also included assessments of applied methods, 
models and assumptions used in calculating the provi-
sions. We have on a sample basis performed recalcula-
tions of the provisions. The audit was carried out involving 
PwC actuaries.
IT systems supporting processes 
over financial reporting
Due to the significant number of transactions that are pro-
cessed, the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent 
on IT systems supporting automated accounting and recon-
ciliation procedures. To ensure complete and accurate finan-
cial records it is important that controls over appropriate 
access rights, program development and changes are 
designed and operates effectively.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness for 
controls related to the IT systems relevant for financial 
reporting. Our assessment included, access to program 
and data as well as program development and changes.
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well 
as appropriate segregation of duties. Other areas tested 
included monitoring of IT systems and controls over 
changes to IT systems.
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 with 
respect to the consolidated financial statements or the parent company financial statements.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, 
and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the prepa-
ration of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the 
parent company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or to cease operations, or there 
is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assur-
ance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
Nordea Annual Report 2019

--- Page 587 ---
Auditor’s report
286
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company’s or 
the group’s internal control. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or condi-
tions that may cast significant doubt on the parent company’s or the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclo-
sures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and wheth-
er the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true 
and fair view.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with-
in the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervi-
sion and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our 
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical require-
ments regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most sig-
nificance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Annual Report 2019 Nordea

--- Page 588 ---
Auditor’s report
287
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of two financial years.
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information compris-
es the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our 
responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with 
the applicable laws and regulations.
In our opinion
• the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements
• the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Other Statements
We support the proposal that the financial statements are adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of profits is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director of the parent company should be discharged from liability for the financial period 
audited by us.
Helsinki 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Nordea Annual Report 2019

--- Page 589 ---
- 587 -
ANNEX 3 
UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

--- Page 590 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Income statement 
Q3 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
Note 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Operating income 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
1,275 
1,271 
3,811 
4,187 
5,536 
Other interest income 
259 
284 
767 
869 
1,071 
Negative yield on financial assets 
-72
-73
-158
-198
-280
Interest expense 
-339
-384
-1,056
-1,672
-2,013
Negative yield on financial liabilities 
103
48
306
160
201
Net interest income 
1,226 
1,146 
3,670
3,346
4,515
Fee and commission income 
1,103 
939 
3,291 
2,817 
3,856 
Fee and commission expense 
-233
-210
-716
-650
-897
Net fee and commission income 
3 
870
729
2,575
2,167
2,959
Net result from items at fair value 
4 
224 
257 
872 
683 
900 
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method 
9 
6 
-2
-6
-1
Other operating income 
15 
17 
67
57
93
Total operating income 
2,344 
2,155 
7,182 
6,247 
8,466 
Operating expenses 
General administrative expenses: 
Staff costs 
-702
-686
-2,089
-2,030
-2,752
Other expenses 
5 
-237
-245
-985
-967
-1,286
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets 
6 
-159
-158
-474
-428
-605
Total operating expenses 
-1,098
-1,089
-3,548
-3,425
-4,643
Profit before loan losses 
1,246 
1,066 
3,634 
2,822 
3,823 
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair value 
26 
17 
58 
18 
48 
Net loan losses 
7 
-4
2 
-37
-850
-908
Operating profit 
1,268 
1,085 
3,655 
1,990
2,963
Income tax expense 
-267
-248
-841
-450
-698
Net profit for the period 
1,001
837
2,814
1,540
2,265
Attributable to: 
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,001 
837 
2,788 
1,513 
2,238 
Additional Tier 1 capital holders 
0 
0 
26 
27 
27 
Total 
1,001 
837 
2,814 
1,540 
2,265 
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0.25 
0.21 
0.69 
0.37 
0.55 
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0.25 
0.21 
0.69 
0.37 
0.55 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Q3 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Net profit for the period 
1,001 
837 
2,814 
1,540 
2,265 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
Currency translation differences 
30 
-153
142 
-701
-196
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations: 
Valuation gains/losses 
-16
94 
1 
415 
117 
Fair value through other comprehensive income:1 
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling 
26 
57 
14 
13 
55 
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
-5
-12
-3
-1
-9
Cash flow hedges: 
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling 
27 
4 
-24
30 
21 
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
-6
-1
5 
-7
-5
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option: 
Valuation gains/losses 
-1
-4
-4
-7
-9
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
1 
0 
1 
2 
3 
Defined benefit plans: 
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
39 
-15
284 
-246
22 
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
-7
3 
-55
49
-4
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method 
0 
-7
0 
1 
-1
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method 
0 
2 
0 
0 
0 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
88
-32
361
-452
-6
Total comprehensive income 
1,089 
805 
3,175 
1,088 
2,259 
Attributable to: 
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,089 
805 
3,149 
1,061 
2,232 
Additional Tier 1 capital holders 
0 
0 
26 
27 
27 
Total 
1,089 
805 
3,175 
1,088 
2,259 
1 Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 591 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Balance sheet 
30 Sep 
31 Dec 
30 Sep 
Note 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Assets 
9 
Cash and balances with central banks 
77,086 
32,955 
48,928 
Loans to central banks 
8 
475 
3,123 
4,430 
Loans to credit institutions 
8 
6,760 
3,123 
10,359 
Loans to the public 
8 
342,604 
329,765 
320,468 
Interest-bearing securities 
63,917 
62,509 
68,185 
Financial instruments pledged as collateral 
2,754 
3,795 
6,510 
Shares 
21,825 
12,649 
12,794 
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts 
43,967 
36,484 
32,730 
Derivatives 
30,268 
44,770 
45,434 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
92 
359 
373 
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
208 
555 
549 
Intangible assets 
3,812 
3,771 
3,637 
Properties and equipment 
1,753 
1,931 
1,908 
Investment properties 
1,732 
1,535 
1,573 
Deferred tax assets 
375 
406 
394 
Current tax assets 
391 
300 
392 
Retirement benefit assets 
386 
144 
74 
Other assets 
14,989 
13,349 
15,301 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
773 
637 
735 
Assets held for sale 
342 
- 
- 
Total assets 
614,509 
552,160 
574,774 
Liabilities 
9 
Deposits by credit institutions 
43,467 
23,939 
39,076 
Deposits and borrowings from the public 
210,822 
183,431 
189,971 
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts 
44,638 
37,534 
33,811 
Liabilities to policyholders 
19,175 
18,178 
17,199 
Debt securities in issue 
191,074 
174,309 
180,237 
Derivatives 
31,726 
47,033 
45,308 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
1,402 
2,608 
2,934 
Current tax liabilities 
498 
305 
187 
Other liabilities 
25,932 
21,341 
22,663 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
1,218 
1,404 
1,409 
Deferred tax liabilities 
555 
436 
436 
Provisions 
502 
596 
615 
Retirement benefit obligations 
289 
365 
547 
Subordinated liabilities 
6,583 
6,941 
7,828 
Total liabilities 
577,881 
518,420 
542,221 
Equity 
Additional Tier 1 capital holders 
750 
748 
750 
Non-controlling interests 
9 
9 
9 
Share capital 
4,050 
4,050 
4,050 
Invested unrestricted equity 
1,069 
1,063 
1,070 
Other reserves 
-1,706
-2,067
-2,515
Retained earnings 
32,456
29,937
29,189
Total equity 
36,628
33,740
32,553
Total liabilities and equity 
614,509 
552,160 
574,774 
Off-balance sheet commitments 
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities 
179,420 
176,364 
175,339 
Other assets pledged1 
253 
267 
240 
Contingent liabilities 
21,667 
19,347 
18,880 
Credit commitments2 
90,269 
88,791 
87,719 
Other commitments 
1,545 
1,769 
1,794 
1 Includes interest-bearing securities pledged as security for payment settlements with central banks and clearing institutions. 
2 Including unutilised portion of approved overdraft facilities of EUR 32,394m (31 December 2020: EUR 32,859m; 30 September 2020: EUR 34,277m).

--- Page 592 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Statement of changes in equity 
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
Other reserves: 
EURm 
Share 
capital1  
 Invested 
un- 
restricted 
equity 
Trans-
lation of 
foreign 
opera-
tions 
Cash 
flow 
hedges 
Fair 
value 
through 
other 
compre-
hensive 
income 
Defined 
benefit 
plans 
Changes 
in own 
credit risk 
related to 
liabilities 
classified 
as fair 
value 
option 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Addi-
tional 
Tier 1 
capital 
holders 
Non-
cont-
rolling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
Balance as at 1 Jan 2021 
4,050 
1,063 
-2,020
-10
91 
-117
-11
29,937 32,983 
748 
9 
33,740 
Net profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,788 
2,788 
26 
- 
2,814
Other comprehensive 
income, net of tax 
- 
- 
143 
-19
11 
229 
-3
0 
361 
- 
- 
361 
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
143 
-19
11 
229 
-3
2,788 
3,149 
26 
- 
3,175
Paid interest on Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-26
- 
-26
Change in Additional Tier 1 
capital 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
- 
2 
Share-based payments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
14 
14 
- 
- 
14
Dividend  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-283 
-283
- 
- 
-283 
Divestment of own shares2 
- 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 
- 
- 
6 
Change in non-controlling 
interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0 
0 
Balance as at 30 Sep 2021 
4,050 
1,069 
-1,877
-29
102 
112 
-14
32,456 35,869 
750 
9 
36,628 
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020 
4,050 
1,080 
-1,941
-26
45 
-135
-5
27,672 30,740 
748 
40 
31,528 
Net profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,238 
2,238 
27 
- 
2,265
Other comprehensive 
income, net of tax 
- 
- 
-79 
16 
46 
18 
-6
-1
-6
- 
- 
-6 
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
-79 
16 
46 
18 
-6
2,237 
2,232 
27 
- 
2,259
Paid interest on Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-27
- 
-27
Share-based payments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 
6 
- 
- 
6 
Purchase of own shares2 
- 
-17
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-17 
- 
- 
-17
Other changes 
- 
-
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
22 
22 
- 
- 
22
Change in non-controlling 
interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-31 
-31
Balance as at 31 Dec 2020 
4,050 
1,063 
-2,020
-10
91 
-117
-11
29,937 32,983 
748 
9 
33,740 
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020 
4,050 
1,080 
-1,941
-26
45 
-135
-5
27,672 30,740 
748 
40 
31,528 
Net profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,513 
1,513 
27 
- 
1,540
Other comprehensive 
income, net of tax 
- 
- 
-286 
23 
12 
-197
-5
1 
-452
- 
- 
-452 
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
-286 
23 
12 
-197
-5
1,514 
1,061
27 
- 
1,088
Paid interest on Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-27
- 
-27
Change in Additional Tier 1 
capital 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
- 
2 
Share-based payments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3 
3 
- 
- 
3 
Purchase of own shares2 
- 
-10
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-10 
- 
- 
-10 
Change in non-controlling 
interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-31 
-31
Balance as at 30 Sep 2020 
4,050 
1,070 
-2,227
-3
57 
-332
-10
29,189 31,794 
750 
9 
32,553 
1 Total shares registered were 4,050 million (31 December 2020: 4,050 million; 30 September 2020: 4,050 million). The number of own shares was 10.4 
  million (31 December 2020: 11.9 million; 30 September 2020: 11.5 million), which represents 0.3% (31 December 2020: 0.3%; 30 September 2020: 0.3%) 
  of the total shares in Nordea. Each share represents one voting right. 
2 Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to treasury shares held for remuneration purposes and to the trading portfolio. The number of 
  treasury shares held for remuneration purposes was 7.1 million (31 December 2020: 8.2 million; 30 September 2020: 8.2 million).

--- Page 593 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Cash flow statement, condensed 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Operating activities 
Operating profit 
3,655 
1,990 
2,963 
Adjustments for items not included in cash flow 
376 
2,124 
2,074 
Income taxes paid 
-639
-910
-987
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities 
3,392
3,204
4,050
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
39,582
12,283
-5,393
Cash flow from operating activities 
42,974
15,487
-1,343
Investing activities 
Acquisition/sale of business operations 
7 
- 
-552
Acquisition/sale of associated undertakings and joint ventures 
-1
-6
10
Acquisition/sale of properties and equipment 
-2
-41
-50
Acquisition/sale of intangible assets 
-284
-296
-418
Cash flow from investing activities 
-280
-343
-1,010
Financing activities 
Issued/amortised subordinated liabilities 
-437
-1,709
-2,459
Divestment/repurchase of own shares, including change in trading portfolio 
6 
-10
-17
Dividend paid 
-283
- 
- 
Paid interest on Additional Tier 1 capital 
-26
-27
-27
Amortisation of the principal part of lease liabilities 
-106
-108
-143
Cash flow from financing activities 
-846
-1,854
-2,646
Cash flow for the period 
41,848 
13,290 
-4,999
Cash and cash equivalents 
30 Sep 
30 Sep 
31 Dec 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 
36,203 
41,164 
41,164 
Translation difference 
612 
-547
38 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 
78,663 
53,907 
36,203 
Change 
41,848 
13,290 
-4,999
The following items are included in cash and cash equivalents: 
Cash and balances with central banks 
77,086 
48,928 
32,955 
Loans to central banks 
5 
4,141 
2,426 
Loans to credit institutions 
1,572 
838 
822 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
78,663 
53,907 
36,203 
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign currencies. Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with central banks and postal 
giro systems under government authority where the following conditions are fulfilled: 
- the central bank or postal giro system is domiciled in the country where the institution is established;
- the balance on the account is readily available at any time.
Loans to credit institutions payable on demand include liquid assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 594 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Notes to the financial statements 
Note 1 
Accounting policies 
The consolidated interim financial statements are prepared 
in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 
34 Interim Financial Reporting, as endorsed by the 
European Union (EU).  
The report includes a condensed set of financial 
statements and is to be read in conjunction with the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The accounting policies and methods of 
computation are unchanged from Note G1 in the Annual 
Report 2020, except for those relating to the items 
presented in the section “Changed accounting policies and 
presentation” below. For more information, see Note G1 in 
the Annual Report 2020.  
Changed accounting policies and presentation 
The following changes in accounting policies and 
presentation were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 
2021. 
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 
In 2020 the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB) published amendments to International Financial 
Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and 
IFRS 16 in Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2. 
Phase 2 of the interbank offered rate (IBOR) reform 
includes three major areas: hedge accounting, 
modifications and disclosures. The amendments were 
implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2021. Hedge 
relationships in Nordea can continue as before and no 
material modification gains or losses have been 
recognised. 
The amendments clarify that hedge accounting does not 
have to be discontinued in the event that hedged items and 
hedging instruments are modified due to the IBOR reform. 
Hedging relationships (and related documentation) must be 
amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, 
hedging instrument and hedged risk. Any valuation 
adjustments resulting from the amendments are recognised 
as part of hedge ineffectiveness. 
Modifications required as a direct consequence of the 
IBOR reform and made on an economically equivalent 
basis are not accounted for as modifications to instruments 
measured at amortised cost. For such modifications, the 
effective interest rate is amended in line with the modified 
cash flows. 
Other amendments 
The following amended standard issued by the IASB was 
implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2021, but has not 
had any significant impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements.  
• Amendments to IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts – deferral of
IFRS 9
Assets held for sale 
Nordea owns 19.95% of the associated company Luminor 
Bank AS, which is conducting business in the Baltics. The 
company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and DNB’s 
operations in the Baltics. In 2018 the investment was 
classified as a joint venture, as Nordea held 50% of the 
voting rights. In 2019 Nordea sold shares in Luminor and 
the remaining holding was classified as an associated 
company.  
As communicated on 13 September 2018, Nordea and 
Blackstone have entered into a forward sale agreement for 
Nordea’s remaining holding in Luminor. The holding was 
reclassified to “Assets held for sale” on 30 September 
2021, when Nordea concluded that the requirements in 
IFRS 5 had been fulfilled as the sale of the remaining 
shares was expected within one year. Income from 
Luminor has been recognised using the equity method and 
was presented as “Profit from associated undertakings and 
joint ventures accounted for under the equity method” up 
until 30 September 2021. 
Changes in IFRS not yet applied 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
The new standard IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts will 
change the accounting requirements for the recognition, 
measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance 
contracts. 
The measurement principles will change from a non-
uniform accounting policy based on the local accounting 
policies in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform 
accounting policy based on three measurement models: 
the Building Block Approach (BBA), the Variable Fee 
Approach (VFA) and the Premium Allocation Approach 
(PAA). The model application depends on the terms of the 
contract (long term, long term with a variable fee or short 
term). The three measurement models include consistent 
definitions of contractual cash flows, the risk adjustment 
margin and discounting. These definitions are based on 
principles similar to those for calculating technical 
provisions in the Solvency II Directive. Unearned future 
premiums will be recognised as a provision on the balance 
sheet and released to revenue when the insurance service 
is provided. Any unprofitable contracts will be recognised in 
the income statement at the time the contract is signed and 
approved. 
IFRS 17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier application 
permitted. The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU. 
Nordea does not currently intend to adopt the standard 
early. It is not yet possible to conclude on the impact of the 
new standard on Nordea’s financial statements or capital 
adequacy in the period of initial application.

--- Page 595 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes: Deferred Tax 
related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single 
Transaction  
In 2021 the IASB published amendments to IAS 12 Income 
Taxes in Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities 
arising from a Single Transaction. 
The amendments require companies to recognise deferred 
tax on particular transactions that, on initial recognition, 
give rise to taxable and deductible temporary differences of 
equal amounts. Such a requirement may apply on the initial 
recognition of a lease liability and the corresponding right-
of-use asset at the commencement of a lease. The 
requirement also applies in the context of 
decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities where 
the corresponding amounts are recognised as part of the 
cost of the related asset. 
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier 
application permitted. The standard is not yet endorsed by 
the EU and Nordea does not currently intend to adopt it 
early. The gross deferred tax assets and liabilities will be 
disclosed, but will be set off on the balance sheet if such 
requirements are met. Nordea’s current assessment is that 
the new standard will not have any significant impact on its 
capital adequacy in the period of initial application. 
Other amendments to IFRS 
Other amendments to IFRS are not assessed to have any 
significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements or 
capital adequacy in the period of their initial application. 
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty 
Nordea applied significant critical judgements in the 
preparation of this interim report due to significant 
uncertainty concerning the potential long-term impact of 
COVID-19 on its financial statements (see “Critical 
judgements emphasised by COVID 19” in section 4 of Note 
G1 “Accounting policies” in the Annual Report 2020). More 
information on where critical judgements are generally 
applied and where estimation uncertainty exists can be 
found in section 4 of Note G1 “Accounting policies” in the 
Annual Report 2020.  
No impairment of goodwill was identified during the third 
quarter, but significant estimation uncertainty exists in 
relation to the long-term impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements and the impairment need will be continually 
reassessed. Both an increase in the discount rate of 1 
percentage point and a reduction in the future growth rate 
of 1 percentage point are considered to be reasonably 
possible changes in key assumptions. Such changes would 
not result in any impairment. 
Exchange rates 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Dec 
Jan-Sep 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EUR 1 = SEK 
Income statement (average) 
10.1524 
10.4889 
10.5626 
Balance sheet (at end of period) 
10.1658 
10.0220 
10.5448 
EUR 1 = DKK 
Income statement (average) 
7.4368 
7.4543 
7.4581 
Balance sheet (at end of period) 
7.4360 
7.4405 
7.4458 
EUR 1 = NOK 
Income statement (average) 
10.2275 
10.7291 
10.7196 
Balance sheet (at end of period) 
10.1330 
10.4703 
11.0665 
EUR 1 = RUB 
Income statement (average) 
88.5471 
82.6596 
79.9115 
Balance sheet (at end of period) 
84.4408 
90.8041 
91.0017

--- Page 596 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 2 
Segment reporting 
Jan-Sep 2021 
Personal 
Banking 
Business 
Banking 
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions 
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management 
Other 
operating 
segments 
Total 
operating 
segments 
Recon-
ciliation 
Total 
Group 
Total operating income, EURm 
2,700 
1,902 
1,544 
901 
169 
7,216 
-34
7,182 
 - of which internal transactions1
-168
-47
-101
-24
340 
0 
- 
- 
Operating profit, EURm
1,319
1,051 
897
510
184 
3,961 
-306
3,655 
Loans to the public2, EURbn
167 
94 
43
11
0 
315 
28
343 
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
84 
53 
47
11
0 
195 
16
211 
Jan-Sep 2020 
Total operating income, EURm 
2,514 
1,674 
1,351 
741 
40 
6,320 
-73
6,247 
 - of which internal transactions1
-345
-149
-238
-17
749 
0 
- 
- 
Operating profit, EURm
883
534
440
350
32 
2,239 
-249
1,990 
Loans to the public2, EURbn
158
86
48
9 
0 
301 
19
320 
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
81
49
43
11 
0 
184 
6 
190 
1 IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined intersegment revenues as internal interest
  related to the funding of the reportable operating segments by the internal bank in Group Finance, included in "Other operating segments". 
2 The volumes are only disclosed separately for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements 
Operating profit, 
EURm 
Loans to the public, 
EURbn 
Deposits and 
borrowings 
from the public, 
EURbn 
Jan-Sep 
30 Sep 
30 Sep 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
Total operating segments 
3,961 
2,239 
315 
301 
195 
184 
Group functions1  
-16
-189
- 
- 
- 
- 
Unallocated items 
-329
-37
24 
24 
14 
9 
Differences in accounting policies2 
39
-23
4 
-5
2 
-3
Total 
3,655 
1,990 
343 
320 
211 
190 
1 Consists of Group Business Support, Group Internal Audit, Chief of Staff Office, Group People, Group Legal and Group Risk & Compliance.
2 Impact from plan exchange rates used in the segment reporting.
Measurement of operating segments' performance 
The measurement principles and allocation between operating segments follow the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker (CODM), as 
required by IFRS 8. In Nordea the CODM has been defined as the Chief Executive Officer, who is supported by the other members of the Group Leadership 
Team. The main difference compared with the section "Business areas" in this report is that the information in Note 2 is prepared using plan exchange rates, as 
this is the basis used in the reporting to the CODM.  
Financial results are presented for the main business areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth 
Management. These are identified as reportable operating segments and are reported separately, as they are above the quantitative thresholds in IFRS 8. Other 
operating segments below the thresholds are included in Other operating segments. Group functions (and eliminations), as well as the result that is not fully 
allocated to any of the operating segments, are shown separately as reconciling items. 
There have been no changes in the basis of segmentation during the year.

--- Page 597 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 3 Net fee and commission income 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Asset management commissions 
481 
441 
372 
1,338 
1,071 
1,469 
Life and pension commissions 
68 
68 
64 
200 
193 
263 
Deposit products 
5 
6 
6 
17 
19 
27 
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance 
49 
88 
42 
214 
140 
204 
Custody and issuer services 
9 
15 
7 
24 
22 
34 
Payments  
72 
73 
68 
225 
214 
280 
Cards 
57 
42 
41 
134 
124 
168 
Lending products 
114 
121 
104 
356 
307 
424 
Guarantees 
25 
23 
23 
73 
66 
89 
Other 
-10
1 
2 
-6
11 
1 
Total 
870
878 
729 
2,575 
2,167 
2,959 
Breakdown 
Other and 
elimination 
Nordea 
Group 
Jan-Sep 2021 
Personal 
Banking 
Business 
Banking 
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions 
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment 
Other 
operating 
segments 
EURm 
Asset management commissions 
489 
78 
3 
768 
0 
0 
1,338 
Life and pension commissions 
166 
62 
3 
-31
0 
0 
200 
Deposit products 
4 
13 
0 
0 
0 
0 
17 
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance 
16 
34 
151 
28
-1
-14
214 
Custody and issuer services 
2 
3 
18 
2 
-7
6 
24 
Payments  
49 
123 
56 
1 
0 
-4
225 
Cards 
113 
17 
4 
0 
0 
0 
134 
Lending products 
92 
128 
130 
5 
1 
0 
356 
Guarantees 
7 
20 
45 
0 
1 
0 
73 
Other 
9 
7 
2 
-22
-4
2 
-6
Total 
947 
485 
412 
751
-10
-10
2,575 
Breakdown 
Other and 
elimination 
Nordea 
Group 
Jan-Sep 2020 
Personal 
Banking 
Business 
Banking 
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions 
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment 
Other 
operating 
segments 
EURm 
Asset management commissions 
414 
69 
5 
583 
0 
0 
1,071 
Life and pension commissions 
141 
50 
3 
-1
0 
0 
193 
Deposit products 
5 
13 
1 
0 
0 
0 
19 
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance 
13 
19 
93 
26
0 
-11
140 
Custody and issuer services 
3 
2 
20 
1 
-6
2 
22 
Payments  
50 
115 
51 
1 
0 
-3
214 
Cards 
105 
15 
5 
-1
0 
0 
124 
Lending products 
87 
97 
117 
2 
4 
0 
307 
Guarantees 
6 
19 
41 
0 
0 
0 
66 
Other 
16 
8 
6 
-18
-3
2 
11 
Total 
840 
407 
342 
593
-5
-10
2,167 
Note 4  Net result from items at fair value 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Equity-related instruments 
130 
183 
28 
502 
103 
177 
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses 
80 
80 
74 
262 
712 
667 
Other financial instruments (including credit and commodities) 
-6
-11
135 
35 
-199
-24
Life & Pension1 
20
26
20 
73 
67
80
Total 
224
278
257 
872 
683
900
1 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life & Pension consequently provides the true impact from the life insurance 
  operations. 
Breakdown of Life & Pension 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Equity-related instruments 
192 
448 
400 
1,184 
-91
397 
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses 
7 
38 
81 
11 
137
271 
Investment properties 
-2
47 
55 
111 
84
94 
Change in technical provisions1 
-124
-319
-346
-623
-365
-792
Change in collective bonus potential 
-67
-202
-184
-650
264
60
Insurance risk income 
18
19
16
54
48
64
Insurance risk expense 
-4
-5
-2
-14
-10
-14
Total 
20
26
20
73
67
80
1 Premium income amounts to EUR 59m for the third quarter of 2021 and EUR 224m for January-September 2021 (third quarter of 2020: EUR 44m; 
  January-September 2020: EUR 144m).

--- Page 598 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 5 
Other expenses 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Information technology 
-131
-122
-97
-377
-339
-490
Marketing and representation 
-9
-12
-8
-28
-25
-46
Postage, transportation, telephone and office expenses 
-12
-13
-13
-39
-41
-57
Rents, premises and real estate 
-23
-27
-35
-76
-96
-128
Resolution fee 
- 
- 
- 
-224
-202
-202
Other  
-62
-88
-92
-241
-264
-363
Total 
-237
-262
-245
-985
-967
-1,286
Note 6 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Depreciation/amortisation 
Properties and equipment 
-60
-62
-64
-185
-195
-255
Intangible assets 
-92
-89
-80
-267
-214
-298
Total 
-152
-151
-144
-452
-409
-553
Impairment charges 
Properties and equipment 
-3
-13
-7
-18
-7
-7
Intangible assets 
-4
0 
-7
-4
-12
-45
Total 
-7
-13
-14
-22
-19
-52
Total 
-159
-164
-158
-474
-428
-605
Note 7 
Net loan losses 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Net loan losses, stage 1 
-4
91 
79 
81 
-144
-155
Net loan losses, stage 2 
0 
44 
-15
60 
-203
-200
Net loan losses, non-credit-impaired assets 
-4
135 
64
141 
-347
-355
Stage 3, credit-impaired assets 
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated 
25 
-58
-3
-23
-170
-127
Realised loan losses 
-58
-145
-151
-305
-345
-573
Decrease in provisions to cover realised loan losses 
17
73 
119
154
247
377
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses 
20
17 
7 
44
44
50
Reimbursement right 
-3
3 
0 
0 
-1
0 
New/increase in provisions 
-28
-89 
-90
-328
-510
-601
Reversals of provisions 
27
94 
56
280
232
321
Net loan losses, credit-impaired assets 
0 
-105
-62
-178
-503
-553
Net loan losses 
-4
30 
2 
-37
-850
-908
Key ratios 
Q3 
Q2 
Q3 
Jan-Sep 
Jan-Sep 
Full year 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2020 
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, bp 
1 
-5
0 
2 
47 
35 
- of which stage 1
1 
-14
-13
-4
8 
6 
- of which stage 2
0 
-7
3 
-3
11 
8 
- of which stage 3
0 
16
10
9 
28 
21

--- Page 599 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 
Loans and impairment 
Total 
30 Sep 
31 Dec 
30 Sep 
2021 
2020 
2020 
EURm 
Loans measured at fair value 
85,602 
74,616 
87,533 
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stages 1 and 2) 
262,879 
259,864 
246,039 
Impaired loans (stage 3) 
3,628 
3,979 
4,219 
- of which servicing
1,580 
1,788 
1,740 
- of which non-servicing
2,048 
2,191 
2,479 
Loans before allowances 
352,109 
338,459 
337,791 
- of which central banks and credit institutions
7,238 
6,250 
14,800 
Allowances for individually assessed impaired loans (stage 3) 
-1,623
-1,674
-1,816
- of which servicing
-743
-760
-732
- of which non-servicing
-880
-914
-1,084
Allowances for collectively assessed impaired loans (stages 1 and 2) 
-647
-774
-718
Allowances 
-2,270
-2,448
-2,534
- of which central banks and credit institutions
-3
-4
-11
Loans, carrying amount 
349,839 
336,011 
335,257 
Exposures measured at amortised cost and fair value through OCI, before allowances 
30 Sep 2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public 
249,725 
13,154 
3,628 
266,507 
Interest-bearing securities1 
35,783 
- 
- 
35,783 
Total 
285,508 
13,154 
3,628 
302,290 
1 Of which EUR 397m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral. 
30 Sep 2020 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public 
232,463 
13,576 
4,219 
250,258 
Interest-bearing securities1 
37,640 
- 
- 
37,640 
Total 
270,103 
13,576 
4,219 
287,898 
1 Of which EUR 774m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral. 
Allowances and provisions 
30 Sep 2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public 
-232
-415
-1,623
-2,270
Interest-bearing securities 
-3
-3
- 
-6
Provisions for off-balance sheet items 
-44
-151
-24
-219
Total allowances and provisions 
-279
-569
-1,647
-2,495
30 Sep 2020 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public 
-255
-463
-1,816
-2,534
Interest-bearing securities 
-2
- 
- 
-2 
Provisions for off-balance sheet items 
-74
-149
-31
-254
Total allowances and provisions 
-331
-612
-1,847
-2,790
Movements of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Balance as at 1 Jan 2021 
-284
-490
-1,674
-2,448
Changes due to origination and acquisition 
-55
-28
-7
-90
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2 
9 
-96
- 
-87
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3 
1 
- 
-9
-8
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1 
-5
98 
- 
93
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
23
-112
-89
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1 
-1
- 
18
17
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
-5
32
27
Changes due to change in credit risk (net) 
71 
20
-77
14
Changes due to repayments and disposals 
34 
65
69
168
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
- 
- 
151
151
Translation differences 
-2
-2
-14
-18
Balance as at 30 Sep 2021 
-232
-415
-1,623
-2,270

--- Page 600 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 
Continued 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
EURm 
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020 
-153
-344
-1,686
-2,183
Changes due to origination and acquisition 
-47
-18
-10
-75
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2 
7 
-137
- 
-130
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3 
1 
- 
-77
-76
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1 
-19
48 
- 
29
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
16
-45
-29
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1 
-1
- 
6 
5 
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
-28
35
7 
Changes due to change in credit risk (net) 
-60
-26
-327
-413
Changes due to repayments and disposals 
12
20
28
60
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
- 
- 
190
190
Translation differences 
5 
6 
70
81
Balance as at 30 Sep 2020 
-255
-463
-1,816
-2,534
Key ratios1 
30 Sep 
31 Dec 
30 Sep 
2021 
2020 
2020 
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross, basis points 
136 
151 
169 
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points 
75 
87 
96 
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3), basis points 
85 
93 
101 
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), % 
45 
42 
43 
Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2, basis points 
25 
30 
29 
1 For definitions, see Glossary. 
Forbearance 
Forbearance refers to eased terms or restructuring of credit terms and conditions due to the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. The intention of granting 
forbearance for a limited period of time is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding debt. Examples of eased terms are changes to amortisation profile, repayment 
schedule and customer margin, or eased financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on an individual basis, according to internal guidelines, and followed by 
impairment testing. Forborne exposures can be performing or non-performing. Loan loss provisions are recognised if necessary. Customers with forbearance 
measures are transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit impaired (stage 3).    
All COVID-19-related instalment-free periods have now expired. Only 3.0% of the customers who were granted instalment-free periods due to the pandemic have 
been classified as forborne (or in default) following the expiry of their instalment-free period. 
Sensitivities 
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if staging triggers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on provisions of a one-notch downgrade 
on all exposures in the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all exposures and the impact of transferring exposures that reach the trigger from stage 
1 to stage 2. It also includes the impact of exposures with one rating grade above default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 133m (EUR 134m at the end 
of March 2021 and EUR 154m at the end of June 2021). This figure is based on calculations using the statistical model rather than individual estimates, as would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans.
30 Sep 2021 
31 Dec 2020 
Recognised 
provisions 
Provisions if one  
notch downgrade 
Recognised 
provisions 
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade 
EURm 
Personal Banking 
424 
550 
492 
646 
Business Banking 
1,170 
1,289 
1,307 
1,447 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
879 
911 
874 
950 
Other 
22 
39 
14 
29 
Group 
2,495 
2,789 
2,687 
3,072

--- Page 601 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 
Continued 
Forward-looking information 
Forward-looking information is used for both assessing significant increases in credit risk and calculating expected credit losses. Nordea uses three macroeconomic 
scenarios: a baseline scenario, a favourable scenario and an adverse scenario. For the third quarter of 2021, the scenarios were weighted into the final expected 
credit losses (ECL) as follows: baseline 60%, adverse 20% and favourable 20% (baseline 50%, adverse 45% and favourable 5% at the end of December 2020 and 
baseline 60%, adverse 20% and favourable 20% at the end of June 2021). The consistency in weightings between the second and third quarters of 2021 reflects 
continued reduced uncertainty regarding the impact of the pandemic, reduced downside risks following progress in COVID-19 vaccination programmes, and the 
easing of restrictions in society and the economy. 
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Group Risk in Nordea, based on the Oxford Economics Model. The forecast is a combination of modelling and expert 
judgement, subject to thorough checks and quality control processes. The model has been built to give a good description of the historical relationships between 
economic variables and to capture the key linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the model is ten years. For periods beyond, a long-term average 
is used in the ECL calculations. 
The macroeconomic scenarios reflect Nordea’s view of how the Nordic economies will potentially develop following the reopening of societies after COVID-19-
related lockdowns. The scenarios take into account the macroeconomic effects of government and central bank support measures. When developing the scenarios, 
Nordea took into account projections made by Nordic governments and central banks, Nordea Research and the European Central Bank’s macroeconomic forecasts 
for the euro area. 
Economic projections from the Nordic central banks and the European Central Bank are used as a basis for the baseline scenario. Activity in the Nordic economies 
has recovered swiftly, as societies have reopened after COVID-19-related lockdowns. Real GDP is now back at pre-crisis levels in Denmark, Finland, Norway and 
Sweden. There is still substantial uncertainty surrounding the recovery ahead, but expansionary fiscal and monetary policy, high household savings and pent-up 
demand provide a sound basis for a solid further increase in activity in 2022. In the long term, however, economic growth is expected to gradually normalise. 
Following strong housing market activity over the past year, the development of house prices is expected to become more subdued in the future.   
Nordea’s two alternative macroeconomic scenarios cover a range of plausible impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Nordic economies, reflecting the persisting 
uncertainty concerning the pandemic’s future evolution and economic effects. 
At the end of the third quarter of 2021 adjustments to model-based allowances/provisions amounted to EUR 629m, including management judgements. The 
management judgements cover expected credit losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model. The cyclical reserve amounted to EUR 455m at the end of the third 
quarter of 2021 (EUR 455m at the end of the second quarter of 2021) and the reserve covering issues identified in the IFRS 9 model to be later covered in model 
updates (structural reserve) amounted to EUR 155m (EUR 155m at the end of the second quarter of 2021). The cyclical reserve was supported by additional 
portfolio modelling and was triggered by the substantial uncertainty in the macroeconomic development, as well as the need to account for future rating downgrades 
potentially underestimated by the IFRS 9 model through the updated macroeconomic scenarios. 
The estimation was supported by the use of the internal stress testing model, adjusted for the impact of government support schemes. For the retail portfolio, the 
most important public sector actions have been the various forms of labour market support schemes, which have significantly decreased expected defaults and 
losses among households. Due to the wide scope of these schemes, Nordea decreased the modelled development of new defaults originally predicted by the 
internal stress testing models, leading to lower predicted loan losses. These models are based on historical observations and correlations. Thus, they do not 
replicate the impact of the current government support schemes. 
With regard to the expected rating migration in the corporate portfolio, Nordea took into consideration the positive impact of the various government guarantee and 
support schemes, primarily addressing the liquidity shock caused by the lockdowns and quarantines. At the same time, additional negative rating migration was 
assumed for industries affected by COVID-19. This was based on an updated view of particularly sensitive industries (e.g. Retail trade, Accommodation and leisure, 
and Air transportation), and incorporated the main findings into the scenario projections.  
The stress test model-based scenario simulations support the loan loss forecasts made by the business areas, and help Nordea ensure that its loan loss projections 
are appropriate.

--- Page 602 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 Continued 
Scenarios and allowances/provisions 
Adjustments to 
30 Sep 2021 
Model-based 
model-based 
Individual 
Total 
Unweighted 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
ECL 
Probability 
provisions 
provisions 
provisions 
provisions 
Denmark 
2022 
2023 
2024 
EURm 
weight 
EURm 
EURm 
EURm 
EURm 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, % 
4.6 
2.6 
2.0 
207 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
3.3 
3.1 
3.0 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
6.9 
3.0 
2.9 
Change in house prices, % 
7.2 
1.8 
2.0 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, % 
3.7 
2.2 
1.9 
208 
60% 
209 
180 
312 
701 
Unemployment, % 
3.8 
3.7 
3.7 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
6.4 
2.5 
2.5 
Change in house prices, % 
6.2 
0.8 
2.2 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, % 
1.5 
2.3 
2.0 
214 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
4.8 
4.7 
4.5 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
4.8 
1.9 
2.4 
Change in house prices, % 
-5.4 
-0.9 
2.4 
Finland 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, % 
3.9 
1.8 
1.1 
248 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
6.6 
6.4 
6.2 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
5.2 
1.9 
1.6 
Change in house prices, % 
3.4 
2.0 
1.7 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, % 
3.0 
1.3 
1.0 
253 
60% 
255 
148 
194 
597 
Unemployment, % 
6.9 
6.7 
6.6 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
4.6 
1.3 
1.2 
Change in house prices, % 
1.4 
1.6 
1.4 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, % 
1.1 
1.3 
0.9 
267 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
7.8 
7.5 
7.3 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.2 
0.8 
0.5 
Change in house prices, % 
-4.6 
-1.1 
0.9 
Norway 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, % 
4.6 
1.6 
1.0 
70 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
2.7 
2.6 
2.7 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
11.0 
3.8 
2.3 
Change in house prices, % 
3.5 
2.8 
2.9 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, % 
3.6 
1.2 
1.0 
72 
60% 
72 
204 
429 
705 
Unemployment, % 
3.1 
3.0 
3.1 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
10.1 
3.2 
2.1 
Change in house prices, % 
1.0 
1.3 
2.9 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, % 
1.7 
1.2 
1.1 
77 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
4.1 
3.9 
3.8 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
8.6 
2.6 
1.6 
Change in house prices, % 
-5.4 
-0.9 
2.5 
Sweden 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, % 
5.0 
2.2 
1.9 
86 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
7.0 
6.7 
6.6 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
6.4 
2.9 
2.2 
Change in house prices, % 
4.1 
3.0 
2.9 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, % 
3.7 
2.1 
1.8 
89 
60% 
89 
91 
87 
267 
Unemployment, % 
7.4 
7.1 
7.0 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
5.2 
2.6 
1.8 
Change in house prices, % 
1.7 
1.8 
3.0 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, % 
2.1 
2.2 
2.0 
94 
20% 
Unemployment, % 
8.3 
7.9 
7.7 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.8 
1.9 
1.3 
Change in house prices, % 
-5.4 
-0.9 
2.4 
Non-Nordic 
2 
6 
217 
225 
Total 
627 
629 
1,239 
2,495

--- Page 603 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 Continued 
Scenarios and allowances/provisions 
Adjustments to 
31 Dec 2020 
Model-based 
model-based 
Individual  
Total 
Unweighted 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
allowances/ 
ECL 
Probability 
provisions 
provisions 
provisions 
provisions 
Denmark 
2021 
2022 
2023 
EURm 
weight 
EURm 
EURm 
EURm 
EURm 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, %  
4.7 
2.4 
1.9 
244 
5% 
Unemployment, %  
4.3 
3.9 
3.5 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
6.3 
2.5 
2.0 
Change in house prices, % 
-0.6 
0.3 
2.4 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, %  
3.0 
2.5 
2.5 
251 
50% 
262 
195 
395 
852 
Unemployment, %  
5.6 
4.8 
4.2 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
5.0 
1.7 
1.8 
Change in house prices, % 
-2.6 
0.6 
2.7 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, %  
-0.5 
3.6 
4.0 
277 
45% 
Unemployment, %  
7.5 
6.8 
6.0 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.1 
2.0 
3.0 
Change in house prices, % 
-5.6 
-4.6 
2.6 
Finland 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, %  
3.5 
2.4 
1.8 
191 
5% 
Unemployment, %  
7.2 
6.7 
6.3 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
4.3 
2.8 
2.7 
Change in house prices, % 
-0.9 
1.3 
2.3 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, %  
2.5 
2.0 
2.2 
201 
50% 
217 
159 
262 
638 
Unemployment, %  
8.0 
7.7 
7.2 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.8 
1.9 
2.5 
Change in house prices, % 
-2.5 
1.4 
2.5 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, %  
-2.3 
3.4 
3.3 
237 
45% 
Unemployment, %  
10.0 
9.2 
8.5 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
-0.2 
3.1 
2.8 
Change in house prices, % 
-5.2 
-5.5 
2.5 
Norway 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, %  
2.9 
3.2 
2.8 
65 
5% 
Unemployment, %  
5.1 
4.2 
3.9 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
4.3 
2.6 
2.8 
Change in house prices, % 
-1.0 
-0.3 
2.5 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, %  
1.9 
3.3 
2.9 
67 
50% 
72 
213 
347 
632 
Unemployment, %  
6.1 
5.1 
4.3 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.6 
2.5 
2.3 
Change in house prices, % 
-3.2 
0 
3.0 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, %  
-0.7 
3.1 
3.7 
78 
45% 
Unemployment, %  
7.1 
6.7 
5.8 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
2.2 
2.4 
2.8 
Change in house prices, % 
-10.5 
-9.3 
3.2 
Sweden 
Favourable scenario 
GDP growth, %  
4.1 
2.1 
2.3 
100 
5% 
Unemployment, %  
8.3 
7.7 
6.8 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
2.4 
2.2 
2.3 
Change in house prices, % 
-2.8 
-0.3 
2.7 
Baseline scenario 
GDP growth, %  
1.8 
5.0 
3.0 
109 
50% 
114 
129 
71 
314 
Unemployment, %  
10.0 
8.1 
7.3 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
0.1 
5.2 
2.7 
Change in house prices, % 
-3.5 
-0.1 
1.6 
Adverse scenario 
GDP growth, %  
-2.3 
3.8 
3.7 
121 
45% 
Unemployment, %  
11.5 
11.1 
10.2 
Change in household 
consumption, % 
-3.2 
2.9 
2.3 
Change in house prices, % 
-13.5 
-11.1 
3.8 
Non-Nordic 
9 
1 
241 
251 
Total 
674 
697 
1,316 
2,687

--- Page 604 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 Continued 
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry 
30 Sep 2021 
Gross 
Allowances 
Loans carrying 
amount 
Net loan 
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
losses1 
Financial institutions 
13,665 
358 
67 
14,091 
12 
18 
29 
59 
14,032 
19 
Agriculture 
3,591 
208 
146 
3,945 
5 
10 
78 
93 
3,852 
7 
     Crops, plantations and hunting 
1,034 
81 
38 
1,152 
2 
5 
18 
25 
1,127 
3 
     Animal husbandry 
668 
100 
105 
873 
2 
5 
58 
65 
808 
2 
     Fishing and aquaculture 
1,889 
28 
3 
1,920 
1 
1 
1 
3 
1,917 
3 
Natural resources 
2,462 
204 
568 
3,233 
3 
4 
341 
347 
2,886 
-21 
     Paper and forest products 
1,507 
143 
32 
1,683 
1 
3 
19 
23 
1,660 
3 
     Mining and supporting activities 
289 
27 
7 
323 
1 
1 
1 
3 
321 
1 
     Oil, gas and offshore 
665 
33 
529 
1,227 
1 
0 
321 
322 
906 
-25 
Consumer staples 
2,891 
252 
21 
3,164 
3 
11 
11 
26 
3,139 
8 
     Food processing and beverages 
1,263 
81 
6 
1,350 
1 
3 
4 
9 
1,341 
2 
     Household and personal products 
242 
18 
10 
271 
0 
1 
5 
6 
265 
0 
     Healthcare 
1,385 
152 
5 
1,543 
2 
6 
2 
10 
1,532 
6 
Consumer discretionary and services 
6,673 
1,027 
249 
7,949 
9 
45 
155 
209 
7,740 
-66 
     Consumer durables 
1,339 
157 
32 
1,529 
2 
10 
15 
27 
1,502 
1 
     Media and entertainment 
1,083 
89 
20 
1,192 
1 
5 
10 
16 
1,176 
7 
     Retail trade 
2,716 
283 
171 
3,170 
4 
17 
110 
131 
3,039 
-69 
     Air transportation 
182 
66 
3 
251 
0 
3 
2 
5 
247 
5 
     Accommodation and leisure 
710 
425 
23 
1,158 
2 
10 
18 
30 
1,128 
-12 
     Telecommunication services 
643 
6 
1 
650 
0 
0 
0 
1 
649 
2 
Industrials 
27,600 
2,476 
611 
30,688 
48 
101 
304 
453 
30,235 
41 
     Materials 
1,142 
174 
43 
1,360 
1 
4 
17 
23 
1,337 
49 
     Capital goods 
2,452 
341 
103 
2,896 
3 
10 
43 
56 
2,840 
-1 
     Commercial and professional services 
8,877 
562 
130 
9,568 
16 
31 
64 
112 
9,457 
-4 
     Construction 
7,038 
646 
152 
7,836 
15 
28 
85 
129 
7,708 
-15 
     Wholesale trade 
4,467 
441 
60 
4,968 
6 
17 
38 
61 
4,907 
21 
     Land transportation 
2,250 
232 
107 
2,589 
4 
6 
49 
59 
2,530 
-11 
     IT services 
1,375 
79 
17 
1,471 
3 
4 
8 
14 
1,457 
2 
Maritime 
5,881 
331 
603 
6,815 
11 
5 
239 
254 
6,560 
-14 
     Ship building 
280 
4 
5 
289 
1 
0 
5 
6 
283 
5 
     Shipping 
5,294 
324 
597 
6,215 
9 
4 
234 
248 
5,967 
-19 
     Maritime services 
308 
3 
0 
311 
0 
0 
0 
1 
310 
0 
Utilities and public service 
5,615 
85 
34 
5,735 
3 
3 
20 
27 
5,708 
-2 
     Utilities distribution 
2,629 
40 
29 
2,699 
1 
1 
17 
20 
2,679 
-4 
     Power production 
1,960 
23 
1 
1,984 
1 
0 
0 
2 
1,981 
1 
     Public services 
1,026 
23 
4 
1,053 
1 
1 
3 
5 
1,048 
1 
Real estate 
36,272 
1,133 
198 
37,603 
27 
43 
102 
173 
37,430 
-9 
Other industries and reimbursement rights 
646 
178 
13 
838 
7 
0 
0 
8 
830 
0 
Total Corporate 
105,297 
6,252 
2,511 
114,060 
129 
240 
1,279 
1,648 
112,412 
-38 
   Housing loans 
116,698 
4,374 
493 
121,565 
17 
42 
74 
133 
121,432 
-53 
   Collateralised lending 
17,418 
1,319 
347 
19,084 
62 
55 
166 
283 
18,802 
18 
   Non-collateralised lending 
5,862 
1,095 
241 
7,198 
22 
77 
102 
201 
6,997 
38 
Household 
139,978 
6,788 
1,081 
147,847 
101 
174 
342 
617 
147,230 
3 
Public sector 
2,316 
100 
37 
2,453 
0 
0 
2 
2 
2,451 
-1 
Lending to the public 
247,592 
13,140 
3,628 
264,360 
230 
414 
1,623 
2,267 
262,093 
-37 
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions 
2,133 
14 
0 
2,147 
3 
0 
0 
3 
2,143 
0 
Total 
249,725 
13,154 
3,628 
266,507 
232 
415 
1,623 
2,270 
264,237 
-37 
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance sheet exposures for September 2021, year to date.

--- Page 605 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 8 Continued 
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry 
31 Dec 2020 
Gross 
Allowances 
Loans carrying 
amount 
Net loan 
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
losses1 
Financial institutions 
12,622 
509 
158 
13,289 
18 
16 
150 
185 
13,105 
-25 
Agriculture 
3,054 
265 
185 
3,504 
11 
17 
95 
122 
3,381 
-13 
     Crops, plantations and hunting 
1,027 
112 
49 
1,188 
4 
7 
23 
34 
1,154 
-3 
     Animal husbandry 
631 
123 
131 
885 
3 
9 
70 
82 
803 
-4 
     Fishing and aquaculture 
1,396 
30 
5 
1,431 
4 
0 
2 
7 
1,424 
-5 
Natural resources 
2,673 
188 
564 
3,425 
5 
4 
282 
291 
3,134 
-126 
     Paper and forest products 
1,612 
132 
36 
1,780 
3 
4 
21 
28 
1,752 
-15 
     Mining and supporting activities 
330 
22 
4 
356 
0 
0 
2 
3 
353 
-1 
     Oil, gas and offshore 
730 
34 
524 
1,288 
1 
0 
258 
260 
1,028 
-111 
Consumer staples 
2,821 
219 
27 
3,067 
5 
20 
15 
40 
3,027 
-25 
     Food processing and beverages 
1,083 
85 
7 
1,175 
2 
5 
4 
11 
1,164 
-5 
     Household and personal products 
165 
59 
11 
235 
1 
2 
5 
8 
227 
-5 
     Healthcare 
1,572 
75 
10 
1,657 
2 
13 
5 
21 
1,636 
-15 
Consumer discretionary and services 
6,336 
902 
236 
7,474 
15 
42 
144 
201 
7,273 
-77 
     Consumer durables 
973 
197 
61 
1,231 
1 
9 
41 
51 
1,180 
-26 
     Media and entertainment 
1,409 
79 
34 
1,522 
2 
4 
25 
31 
1,492 
-13 
     Retail trade 
2,386 
367 
93 
2,846 
5 
23 
46 
75 
2,771 
-21 
     Air transportation 
167 
33 
14 
214 
0 
1 
9 
10 
204 
-2 
     Accommodation and leisure 
751 
216 
32 
998 
2 
5 
22 
29 
969 
-20 
     Telecommunication services 
651 
9 
1 
662 
4 
0 
0 
5 
657 
6 
Industrials 
27,619 
3,020 
666 
31,304 
65 
127 
254 
446 
30,858 
-160 
     Materials 
1,190 
384 
63 
1,637 
3 
7 
29 
38 
1,599 
9 
     Capital goods 
2,795 
403 
97 
3,295 
5 
13 
51 
69 
3,226 
-17 
     Commercial and professional services 
10,031 
605 
189 
10,825 
26 
30 
0 
56 
10,768 
-28 
     Construction 
6,138 
628 
139 
6,905 
16 
26 
92 
133 
6,772 
-56 
     Wholesale trade 
4,234 
556 
85 
4,874 
9 
35 
43 
86 
4,788 
-41 
     Land transportation 
2,125 
338 
81 
2,544 
4 
11 
31 
46 
2,498 
-19 
     IT services 
1,106 
106 
12 
1,224 
3 
6 
9 
18 
1,207 
-7 
Maritime 
5,620 
362 
555 
6,537 
16 
9 
226 
251 
6,286 
-87 
     Ship building 
129 
4 
7 
140 
0 
0 
7 
7 
133 
2 
     Shipping 
5,254 
357 
546 
6,157 
15 
9 
218 
242 
5,915 
-88 
     Maritime services 
237 
1 
1 
239 
0 
0 
1 
1 
238 
0 
Utilities and public service 
5,444 
127 
32 
5,603 
4 
6 
16 
26 
5,577 
-9 
     Utilities distribution 
2,833 
60 
28 
2,921 
2 
1 
13 
15 
2,906 
-2 
     Power production 
1,833 
33 
1 
1,866 
1 
3 
0 
4 
1,863 
-3 
     Public services 
778 
34 
3 
815 
1 
2 
3 
7 
808 
-4 
Real estate 
36,515 
1,570 
253 
38,338 
32 
33 
111 
177 
38,161 
-81 
Other industries and reimbursement rights 
549 
90 
7 
646 
10 
1 
1 
12 
634 
55 
Total Corporate 
103,253 
7,249 
2,684 
113,186 
181 
274 
1,295 
1,750 
111,436 
-547 
   Housing loans 
111,086 
3,927 
561 
115,574 
16 
24 
57 
97 
115,477 
-77 
   Collateralised lending 
16,425 
1,401 
396 
18,222 
55 
70 
192 
317 
17,905 
-107 
   Non-collateralised lending 
5,545 
1,077 
301 
6,923 
30 
120 
128 
278 
6,645 
-178 
Household 
133,056 
6,404 
1,258 
140,719 
101 
214 
377 
692 
140,027 
-362 
Public sector 
5,363 
129 
37 
5,529 
0 
0 
2 
2 
5,526 
0 
Lending to the public 
241,672 
13,782 
3,979 
259,433 
282 
489 
1,674 
2,444 
256,989 
-908 
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions 
4,352 
58 
0 
4,409 
3 
1 
0 
4 
4,405 
0 
Total 
246,023 
13,840 
3,979 
263,843 
285 
490 
1,674 
2,448 
261,394 
-908 
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance sheet exposures for the full year 2020.

--- Page 606 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 9 
Classification of financial instruments 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income 
(FVOCI) 
Amortised 
cost (AC) 
Mandatorily 
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option) 
Total 
EURm 
Financial assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
77,086 
- 
- 
- 
77,086 
Loans to central banks 
6 
469 
- 
- 
475 
Loans to credit institutions 
2,138 
4,622 
- 
- 
6,760 
Loans to the public 
262,093 
80,511 
- 
- 
342,604 
Interest-bearing securities 
3,415 
24,462 
4,074 
31,966 
63,917 
Financial instruments pledged as collateral 
- 
2,357 
- 
397 
2,754 
Shares 
- 
21,825 
- 
- 
21,825 
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts 
- 
43,250 
338 
- 
43,588
Derivatives 
- 
30,268 
- 
- 
30,268
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
92 
- 
- 
- 
92 
Other assets 
3,425 
10,926 
- 
- 
14,351 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
320 
- 
- 
- 
320 
Total 30 Sep 2021 
348,575 
218,690 
4,412 
32,363 
604,040 
Total 31 Dec 2020 
299,719 
204,232 
4,431 
33,726 
542,108 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
Amortised 
cost (AC) 
Mandatorily 
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option) 
Total 
EURm 
Financial liabilities 
Deposits by credit institutions 
30,245 
13,222 
- 
43,467 
Deposits and borrowings from the public 
201,985 
8,837 
- 
210,822 
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts 
- 
- 
44,638 
44,638 
Liabilities to policyholders 
- 
- 
2,214 
2,214 
Debt securities in issue 
134,717 
- 
56,357 
191,074 
Derivatives 
- 
31,726 
- 
31,726 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
1,402 
- 
- 
1,402 
Other liabilities1 
6,318 
17,926 
- 
24,244 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
120 
- 
- 
120 
Subordinated liabilities 
6,583 
- 
- 
6,583 
Total 30 Sep 2021 
381,370 
71,711 
103,209 
556,290 
Total 31 Dec 2020 
334,281 
67,498 
96,127 
497,906 
1 Of which lease liabilities classified in the category Amortised cost EUR 1,147m.

--- Page 607 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 10 
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
30 Sep 2021 
31 Dec 2020 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
EURm 
Financial assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
77,086 
77,086 
32,955 
32,955 
Loans 
349,931 
351,761 
336,370 
344,038 
Interest-bearing securities 
63,917 
64,057 
62,509 
62,764 
Financial instruments pledged as collateral 
2,754 
2,754 
3,795 
3,795 
Shares  
21,825 
21,825 
12,649 
12,649 
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts 
43,588 
43,588 
36,123 
36,123 
Derivatives 
30,268 
30,268 
44,770 
44,770 
Other assets 
14,351 
14,351 
12,645 
12,645 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
320 
320 
292 
292 
Total 
604,040 
606,010 
542,108 
550,031 
Financial liabilities 
Deposits and debt instruments 
453,348 
454,095 
391,228 
392,214 
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts 
44,638 
44,638 
37,534 
37,534 
Liabilities to policyholders 
2,214 
2,214 
2,386 
2,386 
Derivatives 
31,726 
31,726 
47,033 
47,033 
Other liabilities 
23,097 
23,097 
18,270 
18,270 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
120 
120 
222 
222 
Total 
555,143 
555,890 
496,673 
497,659 
The determination of fair value is described in the Annual Report 2020, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair value".

--- Page 608 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 11 
Financial assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation in the fair value hierarchy 
Quoted 
prices in 
active 
markets for 
the same 
instruments 
(Level 1) 
Of which 
Life & 
Pension 
Valuation 
technique 
using 
observable 
data 
(Level 2) 
Of which 
Life & 
Pension 
Valuation 
technique 
using non-
observable 
data 
(Level 3) 
Of which 
Life & 
Pension 
Total 
EURm 
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Loans to central banks 
- 
- 
469 
- 
- 
- 
469 
Loans to credit institutions 
- 
- 
4,622 
- 
- 
- 
4,622 
Loans to the public 
- 
- 
80,511 
- 
- 
- 
80,511 
Interest-bearing securities2  
24,266 
1,137 
38,260 
2,888 
730 
101 
63,256 
Shares 
19,222 
10,378 
402 
206 
2,201 
993 
21,825 
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts 
42,961 
38,582 
482 
482 
145 
145 
43,588 
Derivatives 
89 
- 
28,368
7 
1,811 
- 
30,268
Other assets 
- 
- 
10,897
- 
29 
28 
10,926
Total 30 Sep 2021 
86,538 
50,097 
164,011
3,583 
4,916 
1,267 
255,465
Total 31 Dec 2020 
74,689 
42,072 
162,906 
3,733 
4,794 
1,024 
242,389 
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Deposits by credit institutions 
- 
- 
13,222 
- 
- 
- 
13,222 
Deposits and borrowings from the public 
- 
- 
8,837 
- 
- 
- 
8,837 
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts 
- 
- 
44,638 
40,348 
- 
- 
44,638 
Liabilities to policyholders 
- 
- 
2,214 
2,214 
- 
- 
2,214 
Debt securities in issue 
37,482 
- 
17,403
- 
1,472
- 
56,357
Derivatives 
129 
- 
30,170
23 
1,427
- 
31,726
Other liabilities 
8,113 
- 
9,804
- 
9 
- 
17,926
Total 30 Sep 2021 
45,724 
- 
126,288
42,585 
2,908 
- 
174,920
Total 31 Dec 2020 
50,870 
- 
109,333
35,501 
3,422 
- 
163,625
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
2 Of which EUR 2,754m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Transfers between Levels 1 and 2 
During the period Nordea transferred "Interest-bearing securities" (including such financial instruments pledged as collateral) of EUR 1,153m from Level 1 to 
Level 2 and of EUR 788m from Level 2 to Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Furthermore, Nordea transferred "Debt securities in issue" of EUR 11,522m from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and of EUR 4,234m from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea also transferred "Other liabilities" of EUR 65m from Level 1 to Level 2 and of EUR 379m 
from Level 2 to Level 1. The transfers from Level 1 to Level 2 were due to the instruments ceasing to be actively traded during the period, which meant that fair 
values were obtained using valuation techniques with observable market inputs. The transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 were due to the instruments again being 
actively traded during the period, which meant that reliable quoted prices were obtained in the market. Transfers between levels are considered to have 
occurred at the end of the reporting period.

--- Page 609 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 11 
Continued 
Movements in Level 3 
Fair value 
gains/losses 
recognised 
in the 
income 
statement 
during the 
year 
1 Jan 
Rea-
lised 
Un-
reali-
sed 
Recog-
nised 
in OCI 
Purchases/ 
Issues 
Sales 
Settle-
ments 
Transfers 
into 
Level 3 
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3 
Reclass-
ification1 
Transla-
tion diff-
erences 
30 Sep 
EURm 
Interest-bearing securities 
931 
-31
20 
-
163
-118
-34
224 
-434
-
9 
730 
- of which Life & Pension
67 
1
- 
- 
48
-3
-2
40 
-52
-
2 
101 
Shares 
1,969 
59
258 
-
211
-243
-9
- 
- 
- 
-44 
2,201 
- of which Life & Pension
835 
55
88 
-
118
-97
-9
- 
- 
- 
3 
993 
Assets in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked 
investment contracts 
92 
7 
23 
-
28
-11
-6
19 
-6
-
-1
145 
- of which Life & Pension
92 
7 
23 
-
28
-11
-6
19 
-6
-
-1
145 
Derivatives (net) 
162 
34 
201 
- 
- 
-
-34 
21 
- 
- 
-
384 
Other assets 
31 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
-2
- 
- 
- 
- 
29 
- of which Life & Pension
30 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
-2
- 
- 
- 
- 
28 
Debt securities in issue 
1,781 
778 
-912
-3
593 
-
-337
98 
-526
- 
- 
1,472 
Other liabilities 
32 
-
-1
-
8 
-30
-
- 
-
- 
-
9 
Total 2021, net 
1,372 
-709 1,415
3 
-199
-342
252
166 
86
- 
-36
2,008 
Total 2020, net 
237 
-831
852 
3 
672 
-324
1,067 
-72
-263
-45
-84
1,212 
1 Reclassification related to early conversion of Visa C shares into Visa A shares. 
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period. The transfers out of Level 3 were due to 
observable market data becoming available. The transfers into Level 3 were due to observable market data no longer being available. Transfers between 
levels are considered to have occurred at the end of the reporting period. Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during the period are 
included in Net result from items at fair value. Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are presented net. 
Valuation processes for fair value measurements in Level 3 
For information about the valuation processes for fair value measurement in Level 3, see the Annual Report 2020, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair 
value". 
Deferred Day 1 profit 
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured using a valuation model, mainly due 
to the fact that the transaction price is not established in an active market. If there are significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the transaction price and any difference between the transaction price and fair value at initial 
recognition measured using a valuation model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information, see the Annual Report 2020, Note G1 "Accounting 
policies". The table below shows the aggregated difference yet to be recognised in the income statement at the beginning and end of the period. The 
table also shows a reconciliation of how this aggregated difference changed during the period (movement of deferred Day 1 profit). 
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net 
2021 
2020 
EURm 
Opening balance as at 1 Jan 
73 
125 
Deferred profit on new transactions 
41 
87 
Recognised in the income statement during the period1 
-38
-133
Closing balance as at 30 Sep 
76
79
1 Of which EUR -4m (EUR -9m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.

--- Page 610 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 11 
Continued 
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3 
Fair value 
Of which 
Life & 
Pension1 Valuation techniques 
Unobservable input 
Range of fair 
value4 
EURm 
Interest-bearing securities 
Public bodies 
40 
- Discounted cash flows
Credit spread 
-4/4
Mortgage and other credit institutions 
524 
101 Discounted cash flows 
Credit spread 
-44/44
Corporates2 
166 
- Discounted cash flows
Credit spread 
-17/17
Total 30 Sep 2021 
730 
101 
-65/65
Total 31 Dec 2020 
931 
67 
-88/88
Shares 
Private equity funds 
833 
574 Net asset value3 
-100/100
Hedge funds 
74 
73 Net asset value3 
-7/7
Credit funds 
542 
170 Net asset value/market consensus3 
-47/47
Other funds 
525 
175 Net asset value/fund prices3 
-49/49
Other5 
372 
146 - 
-25/25
Total 30 Sep 2021 
2,346 
1,138 
-228/228
Total 31 Dec 2020 
2,061 
927 
-199/199
Derivatives, net 
Interest rate derivatives 
339 
- Option model
Correlations 
-7/7
Volatilities 
Equity derivatives 
-74
- Option model
Correlations 
-13/9
Volatilities 
Dividends 
Foreign exchange derivatives 
132 
- Option model
Correlations 
0/0 
Volatilities 
Credit derivatives 
-16
- Credit derivative model 
Correlations 
-20/23
Volatilities 
Recovery rates 
Other 
3 
- Option model
Correlations 
-0/0
Volatilities 
Total 30 Sep 2021 
384 
- 
-40/39 
Total 31 Dec 2020 
162 
- 
-52/55 
Debt securities in issue 
Issued structured bonds 
1,472 
- Credit derivative model
Correlations 
-7/7
Recovery rates 
Volatilities 
Total 30 Sep 2021 
1,472 
- 
-7/7 
Total 31 Dec 2020 
1,781 
- 
-7/7 
Other, net 
Other assets and other liabilities, net 
20 
28 - 
- 
-3/3
Total 30 Sep 2021 
20 
28 
-3/3
Total 31 Dec 2020 
-1
30 
-1/1
1 Investments in financial instruments are a major part of the life insurance business, acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance and investments
  contracts. The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders and consequently do not affect Nordea's equity. 
2 Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount rate and the LIBOR) of 1.45%. A reasonable change in this credit 
  spread would not affect the fair value due to callability features. 
3 The fair values are based on prices and net asset values provided by external suppliers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on
   the basis of the development in the assets behind the investments. For private equity funds, the dominant measurement methodology used by the suppliers/ 
   custodians is consistent with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by Invest Europe (formerly 
   EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund investments are internally adjusted/valued based on the IPEV guidelines. These carrying amounts are 
   in a range of 1% to 100% compared with the values received from suppliers/custodians. 
4 The column "Range of fair value" shows the sensitivity of Level 3 financial instruments to changes in key assumptions. For more information, see the Annual 
   Report 2020, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair value". 
5 Of which EUR 145m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts.

--- Page 611 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Note 12 Risks and uncertainties 
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and 
requirements, including but not limited to those of the 
Nordic countries, the European Union and the United 
States. The supervisory and governmental authorities 
administering and enforcing these regimes make regular 
enquiries and conduct investigations with regard to 
Nordea’s compliance. Areas subject to investigation include 
investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade 
regulation and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, 
competition law, and governance and control. The outcome 
and timing of these enquiries and investigations are unclear 
and pending. Accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that these 
enquiries and investigations could lead to criticism against 
the bank, reputation loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or 
litigation. 
In June 2015 the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Danmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome resulted in 
criticism and, in accordance with Danish administrative 
practice, the matter was handed over to the police for 
further handling and possible sanctions. As previously 
stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made 
a provision for ongoing AML-related matters. 
There is a risk that, in the event the authorities issue fines, 
these could be higher (or potentially lower) than the current 
provision, and this could also impact Nordea’s financial 
performance. In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, Nordea will 
maintain a sufficient level of provision for ongoing AML-
related matters while continuing the dialogue with the 
Danish Authorities regarding their allegations concerning 
historical AML weaknesses. 
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Among other 
actions, Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime 
Change Programme, and has strengthened its organisation 
significantly to enhance its AML and sanction management 
risk frameworks. Nordea also established the Sustainability 
and Ethics Committee and a culture transformation 
programme to embed stronger ethical standards into its 
corporate culture. The Group is also investing in enhanced 
compliance standards, processes and resources in both 
the first and second lines of defence. 
Within the framework of normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims related to the provision of 
banking and investment services and other areas in which 
it operates. Some of these claims have led or could lead to 
disputes and/or litigation. Currently, such claims are mainly 
related to lending and insolvency situations, various 
investment services, and sub-custody and withholding 
taxation matters. At present, none of the current claims are 
considered likely to have any significant adverse effect on 
Nordea or its financial position. 
There are significant risks caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic given the uncertainty of the economic impact on 
the markets in which Nordea operates. Depending on 
future developments, potential adverse impacts on income 
could arise due to lower net interest income, market 
volatility and reduced business activity impacting 
transaction volumes and customer activity. Potential future 
credit risks are addressed in Note 8 and the section “Net 
loan losses and similar net result”. Depending on the 
duration and magnitude of the situation, there is a 
possibility that Nordea will not be able to meet its financial 
targets in very adverse scenarios.

--- Page 612 ---
Nordea 
  Third quarter 2021 
Q3 
Glossary 
Allowances in relation to credit-impaired loans 
(stage 3) 
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by 
impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stage 3) 
before allowances. 
Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2 
Allowances for non-impaired loans (stages 1 and 2) divided 
by non-impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stages 
1 and 2) before allowances.  
Economic capital 
Economic capital is Nordea’s internal estimate of required 
capital. It measures the capital required to cover 
unexpected losses in the course of Nordea’s business with 
a certain probability. Economic capital uses advanced 
internal models to provide a consistent measurement for 
credit risk, market risk, operational risk, business risk and 
life insurance risk arising from activities in Nordea’s various 
business areas. The aggregation of risks across the Group 
gives rise to diversification effects resulting from the 
differences in risk drivers and the improbability that 
unexpected losses occur simultaneously. 
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross 
Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances. 
Impairment rate (stage 3), net 
Impaired loans (stage 3) after allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances. 
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost 
Net loan losses (annualised) divided by the quarterly 
closing balance of the carrying amount of loans to the 
public (lending) measured at amortised cost. 
Return on capital at risk 
Return on capital at risk (ROCAR) is defined as net profit 
excluding items affecting comparability as a percentage of 
economic capital. For the business areas it is defined as 
operating profit after standard tax as a percentage of 
economic capital. 
Return on capital at risk with amortised 
resolution fees 
ROCAR with amortised resolution fees is defined as net 
profit adjusted for the effect of resolution fees on an 
amortised basis after tax and excluding items affecting 
comparability as a percentage of economic capital. For the 
business areas it is defined as operating profit adjusted for 
the effect of resolution fees on an amortised basis after 
standard tax as a percentage of economic capital. 
Return on equity 
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued). Average equity includes 
net profit for the period and dividend until paid, and 
excludes non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 
capital. 
Return on equity with amortised resolution fees 
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued), and is adjusted for the 
effect of resolution fees on an amortised basis after tax. 
Average equity includes net profit for the period and 
dividend until paid, and excludes non-controlling interests 
and Additional Tier 1 capital. 
Return on risk exposure amount 
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average risk 
exposure amount for the period. Net profit for the period 
excludes non-controlling interests and interest expense on 
Additional Tier 1 capital (discretionary interest accrued).  
Return on tangible equity 
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued). Average equity includes 
net profit for the period and dividend until paid, excludes 
non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 capital, and 
is reduced with intangible assets. 
Tier 1 capital 
The Tier 1 capital of an institution consists of the sum of its 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital. 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes consolidated 
shareholders’ equity excluding investments in insurance 
companies, proposed dividend, deferred tax assets, 
intangible assets in the banking operations, the full 
expected shortfall deduction (the negative difference 
between expected losses and provisions) and other 
deductions, such as cash flow hedges. 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
Tier 1 capital as a percentage of the risk exposure amount. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio is defined as 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of the risk 
exposure amount. 
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3) 
Total allowances divided by total loans measured at 
amortised cost before allowances. 
For a list of further alternative performance measures and business definitions, please see https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-
relations/reports-and-presentations/group-interim-reports/ and the Annual Report 2020.

--- Page 613 ---
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 
Helsinki 
Finland 
FISCAL AGENT AND 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland 
(Issuer Service DK) 
P.O. Box 850 
DK-0900 Copenhagen C 
Denmark 
VPS PAYING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
PO box 1166, Sentrum  
0107 Oslo  
Norway 
FINNISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 614 ---
FINNISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Finland Ltd 
PB1110 
FIN-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
SWEDISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige 
Smålandsgatan 15-17 
111 46 Stockholm 
Sweden 
SWEDISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Swedish Clearing System 
Box 191SE 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to English law 
as to Finnish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
Helsinki 
Finland