--- Page 1 ---
Restricted Nordax Group 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervision Authority on 24 May 2023. The Base 
Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after the date of the approval, provided that it is completed by 
any supplement required pursuant to Article 23 in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
NORDAX BANK AB (PUBL) 
 
Base Prospectus for SEK 5,000,000,000 Swedish Medium Term Note 
Programme 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Dealers 
Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
Restricted Nordax Group 
Important information 
In this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), the “Issuer” or “Nordax Bank” means Nordax Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 
556647-7286 and the “Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. “Nordax” means the Issuer and/or the Group, 
as applicable. “EUR” refers to Euro, “NOK” refers to Norwegian kroner and “SEK” refers to Swedish kronor. “M” refers to million(s) 
and “bn” refers to billion(s). 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) 
beginning on page 25, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which begin on page 43 (the “Final Terms”) have the 
same meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or otherwise follows from the context. 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its Swedish medium term note programme 
(the “Programme”). The Programme has been established by the Issuer to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time 
to time may issue medium term notes (“Notes”) in SEK, NOK and EUR, in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the 
SEK or NOK equivalent) and with a minimum term of one year. Notes can be either Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions and as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
The Issuer has undertaken towards Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Nordea Bank 
Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (the “Dealers”) that the total outstanding Nominal Amount 
of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 5,000,000,000 at any time. The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or 
decrease such amount. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved 
by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base 
Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as 
at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s or the Group’s business 
since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material 
change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such 
restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain 
exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction outside Sweden. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Norway, unless in compliance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented into Norwegian law through Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.  
MiFID II Product Governance 
In respect of each issue of Notes, each Issuing House (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) will undertake a target market 
assessment in respect of such Notes and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Notes. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, 
a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of such Notes (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution 
channels. For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether any Issuing House participating in the issue 
of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do 
not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect to 
future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or 
similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical 
facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions 
and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking 
statement. 
Factors that could cause the Issuer’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, those described in the section “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements included in 
this Base Prospectus apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise 
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any 
subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to the Issuer and the Group or persons acting on the Issuer’s behalf is 
subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section. 
The Base Prospectus contains market data and industry forecasts, including information related to the sizes of the markets in which the 
Group participates. The information has been extracted from a number of sources. Although the Issuer regards these sources as reliable, 
the information contained in them has not been independently verified and therefore it cannot be guaranteed that this information is 
accurate and complete. However, as far as the Issuer is aware and can assure by comparison with other information made public by 
these sources, no information has been omitted in such a way as to render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. In

--- Page 3 ---
1(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 2 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 8 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................... 25 
DESCRIPTION OF NORDAX ........................................................................................................................ 55 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ................................................................................... 62 
ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................................................... 64

--- Page 4 ---
2(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions included in 
the section “General Terms and Conditions and form of Final Terms”. Terms defined in “General Terms and 
Conditions and form of Final Terms” shall have the same meanings in this description. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Nordax Bank AB (publ) for the issuance of medium term notes in SEK, 
NOK and EUR. A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any 
other available currency) and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers 
that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 5,000,000,000 at 
any time. Nordax and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial as Arranger, and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige Filial, Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers may be appointed. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the General Terms and Conditions as well as the applicable 
Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under the 
Programme. For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for the 
relevant Loan. Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the General Terms and 
Conditions. The Final Terms will be submitted to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the “Swedish FSA”) and published on the webpage of the Issuer.  
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a CSD Account (maintained with 
Euroclear or, if the Notes are denominated in NOK, with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the “VPS”)) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be 
issued. Notes will be registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and, if the Notes are 
denominated in NOK, in accordance with the Norwegian Financial Instruments Act (lov 2019:6) om 
verdipapisentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.)) and the VPS Rules (VPS Rules for Registration of Financial 
Instruments). Registration requests relating to Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator. Each Loan will be 
identified by an individual number (International Securities Identification Number). 
The registered addresses of Euroclear and VPS is included in the section “Addresses”. 
Status of Senior Notes 
Upon issuance, Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by 
law) of the Issuer. 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes  
Upon issuance, Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (except for obligations, which are, or may 
be, mandatorily preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations 
and Senior Non- Preferred Liabilities, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Upon issuance, Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations with Senior 
Non-Preferred Ranking of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank:  
 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
pari passu with the rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer;

--- Page 5 ---
3(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
senior to the rights of the holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, including any subordinated 
obligation of the Issuer which constitutes, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
 
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares (if any)) of 
the Issuer in their capacity as such holder; and 
 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (i) depositors of the Issuer, and (ii) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Preferred Notes) that are not creditors 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
Upon issuance, Subordinated Notes are intended to constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and will constitute direct 
unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank: 
 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
pari passu with (i) any liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and 
(ii) any other liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
 
senior to (i) any liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital 
and (ii) holders of all classes of the Issuer’s shares in their capacity as such holders and any other liabilities 
or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in 
each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments (to the extent such periodic payment has not 
been cancelled) on a liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
 
junior to any present and future claims of (i) depositors of Nordax, (ii) any other unsubordinated creditors 
of Nordax and (iii) any subordinated creditors of Nordax whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to 
the holders of Subordinated Notes. 
Pricing and interest 
Notes may be issued at a discount or at a premium compared to their Nominal Amount. The issue price and interest 
rate for Notes cannot be determined in advance but is set in connection with the actual issuance of Notes. Interest 
may be set at a floating interest rate based on EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest 
rate. 
Majority decisions by the Noteholders 
Under the General Terms and Conditions certain majorities of Noteholders have the right to make decisions and 
take measures that bind all Noteholders, including those who vote in a manner contrary to the majority. Therefore, 
the actions of the majority in such matters can impact the Noteholders’ rights under Notes in a manner that can be 
undesirable for some of the Noteholders. 
Registrar and Paying Agent 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (Norwegian Reg. No. 920 058 817) as registrar and 
paying agent to establish and manage the Issuer’s account in the VPS’s book-entry system in accordance with 
Norwegian law, to register the Issuer’s issues of Notes denominated in NOK in the VPS’s book-entry system and 
assist the Issuer with payments of interest and principle in respect of such Notes denominated in NOK. 
Admission to trading 
Notes issued may be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended admission to trading of 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such admission to 
trading will also be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Although the Issuer may undertake to apply for an 
admission to trading of Notes, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes will be so 
admitted to trading or that an active trading market will develop.

--- Page 6 ---
4(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Credit rating 
When investing in Notes, the investor takes a credit risk on the Issuer. The applicable Final Terms for a Loan will 
stipulate whether the Loan shall be assigned a credit rating. Such credit rating reflects the assessment by an 
independent credit rating agency regarding of the creditworthiness of the Issuer with respect to the relevant Loan, 
i.e. its ability to fulfil payment obligations in a timely manner. Nordax has been assigned an investment grade 
rating from the rating institute Nordic Credit Rating with the rating BBB, stable outlook (long-term) and N3 (short-
term). Nordic Credit Rating is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer will be entitled to keep any funds that may have been 
reserved for such payments. 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three years 
for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down 
in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The General Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
shall be governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District 
Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
Processing of personal data 
In order to comply with the General Terms and Conditions for a Loan, Nordax and the Administrative Agent, may, 
acting as data controllers, collect and process personal data. The processing is based on Nordax’s or the 
Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective obligations under the General Terms and 
Conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer than necessary 
given the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the General Terms and Conditions, personal 
data may be shared with third parties, such as Euroclear and VPS, which will process the personal data further as 
a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right to know what personal data Nordax and the 
Administrative Agent processes about them and may request the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the 
Administrative Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that personal data is 
rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided by themselves in machine-readable format. 
Information about Nordax’s and the Administrative Agent’s respective personal data processing can be obtained 
by requesting the same in writing at Nordax’s or the Administrative Agent’s registered address. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest structure applicable to a 
specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘fixed interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 (or such other Day 
Count Convention as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day. Day Count 
Convention 30/360 means that the amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months 
of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have 
passed. Interest will, however, only accrue until the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 7 ---
5(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘floating interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest 
on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 (or such other 
Day Count Convention as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day. Day Count Convention Actual/360 means that the amount shall be calculated using the actual number of days 
in the relevant period divided by 360. 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the Administrative Agent on the 
respective Interest Determination Date as the Interest Base plus the Margin for such period. The Margin will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Base will be either of EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR (as 
defined in the General Terms and Conditions) or any reference rate replacing EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR in 
accordance with Clause 14 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
If the Interest Base plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating interest rate shall be 
deemed to be zero (0). 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, 
being EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the General Terms. The benchmarks are provided by the 
European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) and calculated in 
cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. acting as calculation agent (NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (a subsidiary of Global Rate Set Systems) (STIBOR). European Money Market Institute, 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB are registered in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
Redemption and repurchase of Loans 
Redemption at maturity 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest shall be paid on each Interest 
Payment Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. If the due date in respect of a repayment or payment (other than 
interest) falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the amount will be credited to an account or made available 
to the payee on the next following Business Day (and, in respect of interest, as set out above in section “Interest 
structures”). 
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer and other Group Companies 
Any Group Company may repurchase Senior Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise 
provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Senior Notes held by a Group Company may be retained, 
resold or (if held by the Issuer) cancelled at such Group Company’s discretion. 
In respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, repurchase of Notes as 
described in the previous paragraph may be made, subject to consent from the Swedish FSA and in accordance 
with the General Terms and Conditions.  
Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer (call option) 
In respect of Senior Notes, the relevant Final Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem Notes, in whole 
or in part, prior to the Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such Final Terms.  
In respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to, subject to consent from the Swedish FSA in accordance with the 
General Terms and Conditions, redeem all (but not some only) outstanding Subordinated Notes early at the option 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 8 ---
6(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes on the occurrence of a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event (as 
applicable) 
Subject to consent from the Relevant Resolution Authority (in case of Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or the Swedish FSA (in case of Subordinated Notes) in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions, 
all (but not some only) outstanding Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
can be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer if a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable) occurs. In case of a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable), the 
notes may also be substituted, or the terms thereof varied, prior to maturity in accordance with the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
Mandatory repurchase of Senior Notes due to a Change of Control Event (put option) 
In respect of Senior Notes, following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall, during 
a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer pursuant to the General 
Terms and Conditions (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some 
only, of its Senior Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together 
with accrued but unpaid interest. 
A “Change of Control Event” means an event or a series of events resulting in one person (or several persons 
who (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group; or 
(iii) act or have agreed to act in concert), other than person(s) approved as owner(s) of the Issuer in an ownership 
assessment conducted by the Swedish FSA, directly or indirectly acquiring fifty (50) per cent or more of the shares 
in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing control over fifty (50) per cent or more of the shares 
and/or votes in the Issuer, except where the Noteholders have approved such event or series of events in accordance 
with the General Terms and Conditions. 
Acceleration of Senior Notes 
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a request in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing 
at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a Senior Loan (such a request can only be made by 
Noteholders registered on the relevant CSD Account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date 
that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be made 
jointly), or (ii) following a resolution by the Noteholders of a Senior Loan at a Noteholders’ Meeting, on behalf of 
the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under such Senior 
Loan due and payable together with accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the Senior 
Loan, immediately or at such later date as the Administrative Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (if applicable) 
determines, if:  
 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the relevant Senior Loan, unless 
the non-payment: 
 is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
 is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
 
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the relevant Senior Loan (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-
compliance: 
 is capable of remedy; and 
 is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the Administrative Agent giving 
notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
 
the General Terms and Conditions for the relevant Senior Loan become invalid or ineffective, in whole 
or in part (other than in accordance with the provisions of such General Terms and Conditions), and such 
invalidity or ineffectiveness is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless vexatious or frivolous, disputed 
in good faith and discharged within forty (40) Business Days) is taken in relation to: 
 the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution or 
administration of any Material Group Company;

--- Page 9 ---
7(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of any Material Group Company (other than the 
Noteholders); or 
 the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of a Material Group 
Company or any of its assets, unless, in relation to a Material Group Company other than the 
Issuer, the liquidation is voluntary and not caused by such company’s Insolvency; 
 
a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;  
 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects 
any asset of a Material Group Company which is material to its business and not discharged within thirty 
(30) Business Days, or any Security over any asset of a Material Group Company which is material to its 
business is enforced; or 
 
any financial indebtedness (including for the avoidance of doubt, any financial indebtedness owed under 
guarantees) of a Material Group Company is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period, 
or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an 
event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this 
paragraph (g) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is less than the 
equivalent of SEK 50,000,000 or is owed to another Group Company. 
The General Terms and Conditions do not contain any right for the Noteholders to 
accelerate the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes prior to the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to constitute MREL Eligible Liabilities, and 
Subordinated Notes are intended to constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. Consequently, the General Terms and 
Conditions do not include any obligations or undertakings binding on the Issuer which if breached would give rise 
to a right of the Noteholders to accelerate the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes, and the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes 
(as the case may be) may only be accelerated upon the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation.

--- Page 10 ---
8(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including Nordax’s economic and market risks, 
operational risks, finance risks, legal and regulatory risks, risks relating to all Notes, as well as specific risks 
relating to the Subordinated Notes. Nordax’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk 
factors below is based on information available, and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk 
factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under 
that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability 
of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only 
once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Economic and market risks 
Risks relating to the current macroeconomic environment 
Nordax is exposed to general market conditions and the level of economic activity in the countries in which it 
operates. The economic conditions globally and in the markets in which Nordax operates may be affected by, 
among other things, unemployment level, household disposable income, household indebtedness, the state of the 
housing market, housing prices, foreign exchange markets, inflation, the availability and cost of credit and the 
liquidity of financial markets or market interest rates. 
The Nordic region is Nordax’s most important market. Nordax has a customer base of a little under 2 million 
private customers, of which a large majority are located in the Nordics. Accordingly, Nordax is predominantly 
affected by the economic environment in the Nordic region. Due to the high level of consumer indebtedness in the 
Nordic region, primarily related to average mortgage loans being high relative to income, Nordax would be 
affected by fluctuations on the housing market and interest rates on mortgage loans in the Nordic countries. In 
2022, Sweden’s Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) and the Norwegian Central Bank (Nw. Norges Bank) have 
increased their respective repo rates and have indicated that further increases are to be expected. This has affected 
interest rates for mortgage- and consumer loans in Sweden and Norway, and further increases in such interest rates 
are expected, which may lead to a decline in consumption and affect consumers’ ability to repay their mortgages 
and loans.  
Nordax may also be affected by public health pandemics and epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that negatively 
affect the Nordic as well as the global economy, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, which resulted in substantial 
movements and volatility in the financial markets. Nordax could be affected by new outbreaks of COVID-19 or 
any future pandemic outbreaks through its direct and indirect impact on, among others, its customers and other 
counterparties both in the Nordic region and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, such 
as business closings and restrictions on travel and gatherings, which in turn may have an adverse effect on, among 
others, the customers' ability to pay and the demand for new loans and Nordax’s other products. Severe or 
prolonged pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of diseases may result in greater volatility but also in reduced 
liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets.  
Geopolitical factors may also affect the Nordic countries as well as the global economy and thereby affect Nordax. 
The military assault on Ukraine launched by Russia in February 2022 has caused significant uncertainty in both 
the financial and real economic markets through, among other things, rapidly rising energy and fuel prices. Nordax 
does not provide any consumer lending nor does it have any employees in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, and no 
concrete effects on Nordax’s lending volumes or repayment patterns have yet materialized. There is however a 
risk that the conflict, or other geopolitical factors that affect the macroeconomic environment and financial 
markets, will have an adverse effect on Nordax’s operations or ability to obtain financing on advantageous terms. 
Further, reduced customer confidence or a decline in consumption, or a negative change in the use of, or attitude 
towards, consumer credit in the Nordic region would have an adverse effect on Nordax’s ability to generate 
revenues and new lending. The degree to which a downturn or deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in the 
Nordic region may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the size of Nordax’s loan 
portfolio and Nordax’s ability to attract and maintain customers in order to generate revenue and profit. 
Risks related to Nordax’s product offering 
Nordax derives its revenue almost entirely from unsecured personal loans, mortgage loans, equity release 
mortgages and credit card services. Therefore, there is a risk that changes affecting Nordax’s ability to offer these

--- Page 11 ---
9(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
products in any of its geographical markets will require Nordax to reduce or restrict its primary operations and 
amend its current business model. Examples of such changes include, but are not limited to: 
• 
changes in laws and regulations, for example, reducing the statute of limitations for debt collection, 
limiting the interest rates on loans or otherwise affecting the terms of loans or the activities of loan 
providers; 
• 
decreases in demand for Nordax’s loans due to, among other factors, macroeconomic conditions; 
• 
increases in default rates for Nordax’s loans due to, among other factors, macroeconomic conditions; 
• 
decreases in demand for Nordax’s loans due to competition, damage to Nordax’s reputation or other 
factors; and 
• 
decreases in demand for Nordax’s credit card services due to, among other factors, macroeconomic 
conditions. 
Furthermore, compared to competitors that have a more diversified product portfolio, Nordax will be more exposed 
to adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or other factors affecting the personal loan market, mortgage 
loan market, the credit card market and equity release mortgages. 
Nordax’s business model is focused on efficient data management, statistical analysis, a test-and-learn approach 
and quantitative decision making. As a result, Nordax’s business model for personal loans is best suited for 
countries where highly relevant data is available for customer targeting and conducting credit assessments and 
with effective legal debt collection systems and a culture that promotes repayment. Therefore, Nordax’s ability to 
expand its business beyond its current markets is dependent on environments supportive of its business model or 
adaptations that accounts for differences in other markets. 
Should the environment in any of its current markets change to no longer support its business model, and if Nordax 
were no longer able to offer loans as it currently does, or at all, Nordax may be required to change its business 
model or restrict or cease its operations, with decreased net sales and declined results of operations as a 
consequence. The degree to which any of the negative consequences related to changes in Nordax’s product 
offering may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Nordax’s business and financial position.  
Personal loans 
As personal loans are generally used for debt consolidation and general consumption, there is a risk that the demand 
for Nordax’s personal loan products will be adversely affected by changes in consumer trends, levels of 
consumption, demographic patterns, customer preferences and financial conditions, all of which are affected by 
general macroeconomic conditions in the markets in which Nordax operates. For example, growth in gross 
domestic product (“GDP”) has generally resulted in increased demand for personal loans. There is a risk that a 
decrease in GDP or in GDP growth will adversely affect demand for Nordax’s personal loan products. 
High unemployment levels in the markets where Nordax operates would reduce the number of customers who 
qualify for Nordax’s loan and credit products and result in increased credit losses, which would in turn adversely 
affect Nordax’s ability to maintain the size of its loan portfolio and to improve loan performance with respect to 
new loans. Accordingly, a severe deterioration in global or regional economic conditions would adversely affect 
demand for the products and services offered by Nordax. Reduced consumer confidence and spending may 
decrease the demand for Nordax’s consumer loans which could materially adversely affect the business prospects 
and financial condition of Nordax. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that changes in macroeconomic conditions could force Nordax to scale down or 
suspend personal lending operations. In 2008 and 2009, Nordax Bank suspended its personal lending operations 
in all of its markets (at the time, Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark) and focused on collections in response 
to the global economic downturn and tightening of available funding from financial institutions and the capital 
markets. Nordax Bank resumed new personal lending operations in Norway and Sweden in 2010 and in Finland 
in 2011 as macroeconomic conditions improved. Nordax Bank has, through the acquisition of and subsequent 
merger with Bank Norwegian ASA (“Bank Norwegian”), also resumed its lending operations in Denmark. If 
Nordax would suspend personal lending operations for an extended period of time in the future in response to 
macroeconomic conditions or other factors, it would adversely affect Nordax’s ability to maintain and grow its 
personal loan portfolio. The degree to which negative development in the macroeconomic conditions in the Nordic 
region may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a significant risk for a negative development on demand for 
personal loans originated by Nordax. 
Mortgage loans 
House prices may be negatively affected by, for example, changes in regulations affecting the mortgage market 
directly or indirectly or by a quick rise in interest rates or unemployment levels (see further “Risks relating to the

--- Page 12 ---
10(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
current macroeconomic environment”). Amortisation requirements on residential mortgages were implemented 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “Swedish FSA”) on 1 June 2016, and more stringent 
amortisation requirements were implemented on 1 March 2018. Such requirements may have an adverse effect on 
house prices, in particular in urban areas where market values are higher, and have contributed to a reduction in 
lending growth. 
Should there be a significant downturn in the value of properties in Sweden or Norway, this would result in a 
deterioration in credit quality and the recoverability of mortgage loans of Nordax. In addition, there are certain 
other circumstances that may affect the level of credit losses, acceleration and payments of interest and principal 
amounts, such as changes regarding taxation and/or changes in the political environment. Adverse changes in the 
credit quality of Nordax’s borrowers and counterparties would affect the recoverability and value of its assets and 
require an increase in Nordax’s provisions for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions which in turn would 
have an adverse effect on Nordax’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The degree to which 
negative development of the Swedish and Norwegian mortgage market may affect Nordax is uncertain and 
presents a significant risk for a negative development on demand for mortgage loans originated by Nordax. 
Equity release mortgages 
Nordax’s equity release mortgages (Sw. kapitalfrigöringskrediter) include a ”No negative equity guarantee” which 
means that Nordax’s claim is limited to the proceeds from the sale of the property and the borrower is not liable 
to cover a potential shortfall if the proceeds from the sale of the property are not sufficient to cover the loan. 
Although Nordax has highly conservative loan-to-value (“LTV”) levels with average LTVs of 29 per cent for 
equity release mortgages as of 31 December 2022, a significant fall in house prices would materially impact 
borrowers’ ability to make full repayment which would result in deteriorating credit quality. 
The equity release mortgages are granted to individuals of at least sixty years of age. Accordingly, Nordax operates 
within a market where borrowers more commonly may suffer from certain age-related conditions. There is a risk 
that, upon death of a borrower, relatives of the deceased may claim that the deceased did not have presence of 
mind or was misled at the entry into the contract and, on such ground, legally challenge the contract (under the 
Act on Contracts Concluded Under the Influence of a Mental Disorder (Sw. lag (1924:323) om verkan av avtal, 
som slutits under påverkan av en psykisk störning) and the Swedish Contracts Act (Sw. avtalslagen (1915:218)). 
Thus, there is a risk that Nordax will, from time to time, become involved in judicial and administrative 
proceedings in relation to the above, or similar practices, and such proceedings could, if not merely relating to 
isolated incidents, prove to be time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts and result in 
significant costs. Equity release mortgages are a complex product and there is also a risk that Nordax does not 
comply with the increased regulatory requirements that apply to this type of mortgages.  
Credit cards 
Credit cards are an important source of income for Nordax as it receives commission income from credit card 
usage. Credit card activity is particularly relevant as an income source for Norwegian branch of Nordax (the 
“Branch”), and as of 31 March 2023, out of the Branch’s total customer base of 1,731,600 customers, 1,209,700 
were credit card customers, and credit card loans amounted to NOK 11,485 million. Credit card activity varies 
depending on spending in general among consumers. Particularly, lower airline and holiday spending tend to 
lower the usage of the Branch’s credit cards. As a result, factors reducing consumers’ travelling and time spent 
abroad is likely to reduce the Branch’s credit card usage, including an extension of COVID-19 or other public 
health pandemics and epidemics or outbreaks of diseases. As an example, the Branch experienced a negative 
growth in demand for its credit card services in 2020, considered to be mainly due to lower spending related to 
COVID-19. 
Competition in the financial services industry 
The markets in which Nordax operates are characterised by a high degree of competition and fragmentation, and 
a strong growth in demand for both personal loans and mortgage loans in these markets, which has led to increased 
competition between lenders. Nordax’s competitors can be broadly categorised into two groups: full-service banks 
and niche loan providers. In addition, Nordax also competes with other forms of short-term financing providers, 
such as peer-to-peer lenders and credit card providers. Competition in Nordax’s markets is primarily based on the 
amount of the monthly payment and the other terms of the loan including interest rate, size, term and other features, 
as well as the quality of service in terms of speed, simplicity and availability. 
As a niche loan provider which derives most of its revenue from personal loans, mortgage loans, equity release 
mortgages and credit card services, Nordax is dependent on such loan products unlike its competitors that have a 
more diversified product offering.

--- Page 13 ---
11(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Nordax faces the risk that full-service banks operating in its markets, which offer a broad range of products and 
services through widespread retail office networks and online, may increase their focus on personal loans or equity 
release products. The full-service banks operating in Nordax’s markets typically enjoy well-established market 
positions, extensive branch networks and high customer awareness. Almost all of Nordax’s customers have a 
relationship with at least one of the full-service banks through payment accounts or other banking products. 
Therefore, there is a risk that the full-service banks operating in Nordax’s markets could have significant 
competitive advantages over niche personal loan providers, such as Nordax. Furthermore, certain large financial 
institutions have significantly more available funds to lend or a lower cost of funding than Nordax, which could 
enable them, among other things, to offer loans with lower interest rates or longer terms than Nordax offers. 
Niche personal loan providers are typically focused, with a narrow offering in comparison to full-service banks. 
Nordax considers niche personal loan and equity release providers to be its main competitors as they target similar 
groups and provide similar sized loans and interest rates as Nordax. New niche personal loan providers may enter 
the market due to the recent trend of strong demand for personal loans in Nordax’s markets. 
If Nordax is unable to successfully compete with other lenders, demand for Nordax’s loan products would likely 
decrease, or Nordax would be required to reduce the interest rates that it charges on its loan products in order to 
maintain demand, which would have a material adverse effect on Nordax’s net interest margin. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Nordax’s main credit and counterparty risk is that the customers cannot service their debt, and with regards to 
mortgage loans and equity release mortgages, that sales proceeds are not sufficient to repay the loans. A certain 
degree of delinquencies and impairments is anticipated. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, i.e. the risk 
relating to large exposures to a group of inter-linked customers. In addition, Nordax is exposed to risks associated 
with the uncontrolled deterioration in the credit quality of its customers which can be driven by, for example, 
socio-economic or customer-specific factors linked to economic performance. Since Nordax derives a large part 
of its business from the Nordic countries and since the economies of these countries are partly correlated, Nordax 
is also exposed to some Nordic concentration risk. 
Before any loan is approved by Nordax Bank, Nordax Bank conducts a thorough credit assessment of each loan 
application in accordance with its credit policies and applicable laws and regulations. The credit assessment 
process comprises a combination of policy rules, referral rules, internal credit rating models and a calculation of 
affordability. Further, Nordax Bank has undertaken extensive research to predict future potential impairments and 
credit losses on which Nordax Bank’s lending model is based and there is a risk that these estimates prove to be 
inaccurate. the Branch’s procedure for assessing customers’ creditworthiness is largely automated, with loan 
applications being approved automatically based on online input from the customer and third-party verifications 
(such as Experian for income and personal financial information, and others for real property values). There are 
inherent risks associated with online processing of loan applications and reliance on criteria where the information 
is provided by the customers, without personal contact. Consequently, Nordax is exposed to risks relating to the 
accuracy and completeness of the Branch’s financial models on which the automated credit decision is based, as 
well as risks relating to the reliability of the input provided by the customers, which could assign a creditworthiness 
to customers which is too high, thereby increasing Nordax’s credit risk towards its customers. As of 31 March 
2023, Nordax’s total gross loans to the general public amounted to SEK 93,734 million. In total for the period, 
Nordax reported SEK 823 million in net credit losses, corresponding to 3.6 per cent of average lending. An increase 
in the level of credit losses will have an adverse impact on Nordax’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Nordax is also exposed to counterparty risk in that Nordax would suffer a loss in the event of default by a bank 
counterparty or an issuer of securities held by Nordax. The risk arises as a result of occasional cash deposits placed 
with clearing banks or invested in securities and the use of derivative financial instruments with banks. A default 
occurs when a bank or other financial institutions or issuer of securities fails to honour payments as they fall due 
and such default could have an adverse impact on Nordax’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, a substantial, and increasing, share of the loan documentation (including the loan agreements) of 
Nordax’s loans are digitally signed by its customers. Under Norwegian law, digitally signed documents normally 
require a court order in order to complete enforced collection of collateral as opposed to physical loan agreements. 
In the event of a wide increase in defaults and enforced collections, Nordax is exposed to risk of delay in collection 
proceedings, in Norway in particular, which could in turn imply further deterioration in the value of underlying 
assets, thus increasing Nordax’s losses on loans, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on Nordax’s 
financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects.

--- Page 14 ---
12(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Operational risks 
Risks relating to the integration process following the completed merger between Nordax 
Bank and Bank Norwegian  
Following the completion of the acquisition of Bank Norwegian in November 2021, Bank Norwegian became a 
subsidiary of Nordax Bank. During 2022, Nordax Bank and Bank Norwegian initiated a process to implement a 
cross boarder parent-subsidiary merger with Nordax Bank as the surviving entity and with the existing operations 
of Bank Norwegian being continued in a Norwegian branch of Nordax Bank. On 4 July 2022, the board of directors 
of Nordax Bank and Bank Norwegian resolved to sign a joint merger plan for an intra-group cross-border merger 
between the two banks. The implementation of the merger was subject to certain conditions being fulfilled, 
including several regulatory required approvals by the Swedish FSA and the Norwegian Financial Supervisory 
Authority (the ”Norwegian FSA”), which were granted on 11 November 2022 and 31 October 2022, respectively. 
The merger was finally registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and thus completed on 30 
November 2022. In connection with the completion of the merger, the operations of Bank Norwegian were 
assumed by and assigned to the Branch in which they have been continued without any material changes to the 
services and products offered by Bank Norwegian.  
The work of integrating Bank Norwegian’s and Nordax Bank’s respective businesses and IT systems in connection 
with the legal merger involved risks and uncertainties, and will continue to do so for a certain time period following 
the merger. For example, any interruptions or ineffective performance of the respective businesses’ IT systems 
due to the integration could impair Nordax’s ability to provide its services effectively causing direct financial loss 
(see further “IT failure and cyber risks”). Also, the integration work will, for a certain time period, continue to 
divert resources from Nordax Bank’s and Bank Norwegian’s respective day-to-day operations, which may have 
an adverse effect on their businesses.  
Change of control provisions in Bank Norwegian’s existing contracts  
Some of Bank Norwegian’s contractual arrangements contain change of control clauses which were triggered upon 
completion of Nordax Bank’s acquisition of Bank Norwegian or upon the completion of the merger, giving the 
relevant counterparties the right to terminate the relevant contracts. There is a risk that counterparties will exercise 
their right of termination upon the change of control or use the change of control as a basis to renegotiate contracts 
in a way that is prejudicial to the interests of Nordax. If significant contracts, or a large number of less material 
contracts are terminated (in particular in relation to customer or leasing contracts) and are not replaced quickly 
and efficiently, and on similar terms, Nordax’s business may be adversely affected through the loss of revenue 
directly from lost contracts, or indirectly through the loss of contracts due to delays or an inability to meet its 
contractual obligations as a result of loss of suppliers and necessary machines, or through decreased profitability 
due to increased costs of renegotiated or replacement contracts. 
IT failure and cyber risks 
Nordax’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately. 
Nordax’s ability to develop business intelligence systems, to monitor and manage collections, to maintain financial 
and operating controls, to monitor and manage its risk exposures, to keep accurate records, to provide high-quality 
customer service and to develop and sell profitable products and services in the future depends on the success of 
its business continuity planning, the uninterrupted and efficient operation of its information and communications 
systems, including its information technology, Nordax’s monitoring and protective measures and the successful 
development and implementation of new systems. Nordax intends to expand its business further into the European 
market, and Nordax may be required to adapt or develop its information and communication systems due to the 
conditions on the relevant markets. As is the case for information technology systems generally, losses could result 
from inadequate or failed internal control processes and protection systems, human error, fraud or external events 
that interrupt normal business operations. This could result in a loss of data and a failure to provide quality service 
to customers. Nordax has in place business continuity plans for critical processes and services to guard against 
service disruptions, which plans could prove to be not adequate at all times. 
If any of the above risks materialise, the interruption or failure of Nordax’s information technology and other 
systems could impair Nordax’s ability to provide its services effectively causing direct financial loss and may 
compromise Nordax strategic initiatives. Technology failure or underperformance could also increase Nordax’s 
litigation and regulatory exposure or require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). 
Further, an irrecoverable loss of any customer database would be expensive and time-consuming to endeavour to 
retrieve or recreate and would have an adverse effect on Nordax’s operations and financial situation. 
Furthermore, any intrusion into Nordax’s IT systems, for example, from increasingly sophisticated attacks by 
cybercrime groups, could disrupt its business, result in the disclosure of confidential information and/or create

--- Page 15 ---
13(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
significant financial and/or legal exposure and the risk for damage to Nordax’s reputation and/or brand. Such an 
event could be impacted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679/EU (“GDPR”). The degree to 
which IT failures and the materialisation of any cyber risk may affect Nordax is uncertain, which constitutes a 
significant risk to Nordax’s operations and financial situation.  
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk that an event or circumstance adversely impacts Nordax’s reputation among customers, 
owners, employees, authorities and other parties resulting in reduced income. The reputational risk for Nordax is 
primarily related to consumer expectations regarding Nordax’s products, the delivery of its services, and the ability 
to meet regulatory and consumer protection obligations related to these products and services. Effects on Nordax’s 
reputation typically originate from internal factors, but also from external partners, suppliers, merchants or even 
competitors. Consumer protection bodies, consumer advocacy groups, certain media reports and a number of 
regulators and elected officials in the consumer loan markets in which Nordax conducts business have from time 
to time advocated government action to prohibit or severely restrict certain types of short-term consumer lending 
or credit card debt. These efforts have often focused on lenders that target consumers who have short term liquidity 
needs and, in many cases, low levels of personal savings and incomes, and charge interest rates and fees which, 
on an annualised basis, are much higher than those charged by credit card issuers or banks to more creditworthy 
consumers. There is a risk that Nordax could be adversely affected by negative publicity associated with other 
loan-, credit card- or ecommerce businesses, both in general, and specifically relating to its own business, or the 
business of other companies operating in these segments which are targeted by consumer advocacy groups or 
regulatory authorities. Reputational risk can be substantially damaging to Nordax’s operations since Nordax and 
“Bank Norwegian” are well-established brands, and if such risk were to materialise to such an extent that 
consumers chose competitors over Nordax it would materially adversely affect Nordax’s total income and growth, 
which in turn would adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. Consequently, reputational 
risk constitutes a highly significant risk to Nordax’s business and results of operations. 
In particular, the Branch has based its operations to a great extent on co-operation with and the trademark of the 
airline Norwegian Air Shuttle. The Branch may be adversely affected in the event of a decline in Norwegian Air 
Shuttle’s reputation and/or significant changes to the contractual relationship with Norwegian Air Shuttle. 
Reliance on third-parties 
Nordax’s business relies in part on certain service and business process outsourcing and other partners. For 
example, another bank acts as Nordax Bank’s clearing bank and payment services provider. Nordax has outsourced 
activities, such as mailing, printing, scanning and forwarding applications, as well as important IT-related services. 
Nordax has also outsourced its internal audit function and Nordax relies on third-party debt collectors in each of 
the countries in which it operates. There is a risk that Nordax is unable to replace these relationships on 
commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Seeking alternate relationships also risks being time consuming and 
resulting in interruptions to Nordax’s business. Significant failure of Nordax’s third-party providers to perform 
their services in accordance with Nordax’s standards, and any extensive deterioration in or loss of any key 
relationships would have a material adverse effect on Nordax’s business, financial condition and result of 
operations. 
Furthermore, Nordax is exposed to the risk that its outsourcing partners and other third parties commit fraud with 
respect to the services that Nordax has outsourced to them, that they fail to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations, such as data protection requirements, or fail to otherwise provide their agreed services to Nordax. If 
these third parties, to a significant extent, violate laws, other regulatory requirements or important contractual 
obligations to Nordax, or otherwise act inappropriately in the conduct of their business, Nordax’s business and 
reputation would be negatively affected. In such cases, Nordax also faces the risk of penalties being imposed. 
Moreover, there is a risk that Nordax’s methods and procedures for overseeing how outsourcing partners and other 
third parties operate their businesses do not detect the occurrence of any violations for a substantial period of time, 
which would exacerbate the effects of such violations. The degree to which any negative consequences related to 
third-party providers may affect Nordax is uncertain, which constitutes a highly significant risk to Nordax’s 
reputation and business. 
Ongoing change of core banking system 
Nordax is currently replacing its former core banking system with core banking systems supplied by Banqsoft AS 
and TietoEvry. The changes of the core banking systems are expected to yield significant benefits over time, partly 
due to a reduced level of manual input in the operational processes. Migration to Banqsoft AS has been executed 
in respect of Nordax’s personal loan products and operations. Migration of certain products and markets to a new 
system delivered by TietoEvry has been initiated. There is a risk that the planned benefits cannot be realised in

--- Page 16 ---
14(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
full, or that the implementation, transition, or migration of remaining operations is not successful or has negative 
customer, operational or other negative impact. The degree to which any negative consequences related to the 
change of core banking system may affect Nordax is uncertain, which constitutes a significant risk to Nordax’s 
operations and business. 
Relationships with credit intermediaries 
Credit intermediaries are a significant marketing channel for Nordax. Dealing with credit intermediaries and 
cooperation partners entails various risks to Nordax. There is a risk that Nordax’s methods and procedures for 
overseeing how its credit intermediaries and other cooperation partners interact with prospective customers are 
inadequate. Consequently, Nordax faces certain risks related to the conduct of the credit intermediaries and 
cooperation partners with which it does business. If Nordax’s credit intermediaries or cooperation partners are 
found to have violated applicable conduct regulations or standards in the intermediation of Nordax’s loan products, 
Nordax’s reputation could be harmed. 
Nordax’s credit intermediary partners are typically price comparison websites that enable potential borrowers to 
benchmark all loan providers affiliated with the credit intermediary against each other and then refer the loan 
applicant to the chosen loan provider. The incentives of credit intermediaries may not always align with those of 
Nordax, which could adversely affect the volume and quality of loan applicants that credit intermediaries refer to 
Nordax. For example, credit intermediaries may promote the loan products of Nordax’s competitors to the 
detriment of Nordax’s loan products. Furthermore, a key value proposition of Nordax’s personal loan products is 
a low monthly payment. If credit intermediaries were to focus on other features, such as interest rates, when 
benchmarking loans for potential borrowers, it could adversely affect the volume and quality of applicants that 
credit intermediaries refer to Nordax. The degree to which risks relating to relationships with credit intermediaries 
may materialise is uncertain, which constitutes a significant risk for Nordax’s revenue and result of operations. 
Risks related to intellectual property 
Nordax uses trademarks and other intellectual property as a part of its operational business. Because of its use of 
intellectual property, Nordax may rely on trademark and copyright protection, non-disclosure agreements, license 
agreements, employment agreements and certain other agreements and laws to protect such current and future use 
of intellectual property. However, there is a risk that the measures Nordax takes will not effectively protect its 
intellectual property from infringement, for example due to lack of sufficient restrictive covenants in employment 
agreements. Any failure to protect and enforce Nordax’s intellectual property rights could have a material adverse 
effect on Nordax’s business. 
In addition, Nordax is using various external technical solutions and systems, and might from time to time be 
reliant on technology, know-how, patents and other intellectual property rights which are held by third parties or 
restricted by third parties holding such intellectual property rights. Consequently, Nordax could infringe third-
party intellectual property rights, which could end in legal claims.  
Despite precautions taken by Nordax to protect its intellectual property rights, unauthorized third parties may 
attempt to obtain or claim ownership of its intellectual property. In addition, Nordax may fail to discover 
infringement of its intellectual property, or any steps taken (or that will be taken) by it may not be sufficient to 
protect its intellectual property rights or prevent others from seeking to invalidate Nordax' intellectual property. 
Nordax' use of intellectual property might otherwise be deemed in breach of third parties' intellectual property 
rights or Nordax may become subject to disputes regarding the ownership and use of intellectual property rights. 
Any claims made by or against Nordax related to intellectual property rights, regardless of the merit or resolution 
of such claims, may result in reputational damage or significant costs, time and focus in resolving or defending 
such claims, causing a material adverse effect on Nordax.  
Finance risks 
Liquidity and financing risks 
Nordax is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that Nordax will not be able to meet its payment 
obligations at maturity at all or without significant cost increases. If access to funding is constrained for a prolonged 
period of time, competition for retail deposits and the cost of accessing the capital markets would increase and, 
therefore, have a material adverse effect on Nordax’s net interest margin. Funding risks can be exacerbated by 
enterprise-specific factors, such as over-reliance on a particular source of funding or changes in Nordax’s 
creditworthiness, or by market-wide phenomena, such as market dislocation. There is a risk that the funding 
structure employed by Nordax is inefficient should its funding levels significantly exceed its funding needs, which 
risks giving rise to increased funding costs that may not be sustainable in the long term.

--- Page 17 ---
15(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Retail deposits are a significant source of funding for Nordax. As of 31 March 2023, Nordax’s total balance sheet 
liabilities amounted to SEK 102,129 million on a consolidated basis out of which deposits from the general public 
comprised the largest part, totalling SEK 80,054 million. Should Nordax experience an unusually high and/or 
unforeseen level of withdrawals, this would adversely affect Nordax’s liquidity since it will be required to repay 
a significant amount on demand. Further, it would require increased funding from other sources in the future. 
There is a risk that such increased funding will not be available on acceptable terms or at all, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Nordax’s financial position and results. 
The debt capital markets are also a significant source of funding for Nordax. As of 31 March 2023, Nordax 
(together with its ultimate parent Nordax Holding AB (publ)) had outstanding bonds in a total amount of SEK 8.8 
billion. The Group’s ability to successfully refinance its outstanding bonds, or raise additional funding through the 
debt capital markets, depends on the conditions of the debt capital markets as well as the Group’s financial 
condition and creditworthiness. There is a risk that the Group’s will not be able to issue new bonds on acceptable 
terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position and results. 
Nordax sources part of its funding in the wholesale markets through issuing bonds on the asset-backed securities 
(“ABS”) and mortgage backed securities (“MBN”) markets as well as through warehouse funding facilities with 
international banks secured primarily by personal loan or equity release mortgage portfolios. The availability of 
ABS/MBN and warehouse funding depends on a variety of factors, including the credit quality of Nordax’s assets 
securing the ABSs/MBNs or warehouse funding facilities, market conditions, the general availability of credit, 
Nordax’s ability to raise funding through other sources, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of 
credit to the financial services industry, and rating agencies’ assessment of Nordax’s ABSs/MBNs. These and 
other factors could limit Nordax’s ability to obtain funding through ABSs/MBNs and warehouse funding facilities, 
which could adversely affect Nordax’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio as well as its net interest 
margin.  
Failure to manage these or any other risks relating to the cost and availability of funding could adversely affect 
Nordax’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio and have an adverse effect on Nordax’s financial position 
and results of operations. 
Exposure to currencies 
Nordax operates in Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Spain and Germany. As a result, Nordax 
generates revenues in SEK, NOK, EUR and DKK. However, Nordax Bank’s reporting currency is SEK while the 
Branch’s reporting currency is NOK and, as a consequence, Nordax is exposed to currency translation risk to the 
extent that its assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than SEK and NOK as 
well as the translation risk arising from the reporting currency mismatch between the Branch and Nordax. 
Consequently, there is a risk that increases and decreases in the value of the SEK versus NOK, EUR and DKK and 
NOK versus SEK, EUR and DKK will affect the amount of these items in Nordax’s consolidated financial 
statements, even if their value has not changed in the original currency. As of 31 March 2023, Nordax’s net 
exchange rate exposure amounted to NOK 27 million, EUR 5 million and DKK 40 million. 
Fluctuations in currencies, particularly the SEK/NOK/EUR/DKK exchange rates, thus have a significant impact 
on Nordax’s operating profits and cash flows. 
Interest rate risk 
Nordax is subject to interest rate fluctuations. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads could affect 
Nordax’s lending and deposit spreads. Nordax is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates 
payable by it on deposits or its funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to its customers as well 
as interest rates that are applicable to its other assets. While the interest rates payable by Nordax on deposits and 
other funding and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers are primarily variable, there is a risk that 
Nordax will not be able to re-price its variable rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing 
gaps in the short or medium term. Such delays in re-pricing loans given to its customer can, inter alia, occur due 
to Nordax having an obligation to notify customers in advance of increases in interest rates. Changes in the 
competitive environment could also affect spreads on Nordax’s lending and deposits. In 2022, the Swedish and 
Norwegian repo rates have been increased, and further increases of the repo rate are expected, which would lead 
to increases in market interest rates. If Nordax’s funding costs were to significantly increase due to material 
increases in market interest rates or other reasons and Nordax were unable to sufficiently increase the interest rates 
on its loan products in a timely manner, or at all, Nordax’s net interest margin would be adversely effected, which 
would have an adverse effect on Nordax’s net earnings.

--- Page 18 ---
16(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Nordax’s equity release mortgages are all variable-rate loans based on 3-month STIBOR and interest is capitalised 
through the life-time of the loan. Higher than expected rates of 3-month STIBOR would therefore result in greater 
interest capitalisation, increasing the risk of the loan amount being greater than the sales proceeds of the property 
and in turn resulting in credit losses. Due to the high level of consumer indebtedness in the Nordic region being 
primarily related to a high amount of real estate mortgage loans, increases in the interest rates on mortgage loans 
in the Nordic countries in general could also lead to decreased demand for Nordax’s lending products and a 
negative impact on Nordax’s customers’ ability to service their debts due to an increase in mortgage loan default 
rates, which could adversely affect Nordax’s results of operations and loan impairment levels. 
In 2022, Nordax’s interest payments received and interest expenses paid totalled SEK 8,025 million and SEK 
1,278 million, respectively. Accordingly, Nordax is to a significant extent exposed to variation in interest rates 
affecting its interest payments received and interest expenses paid, respectively and interest rate risks thus present 
a significant risk to Nordax’s cost levels, financial position and results of operations. 
Risks related to credit ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordax Bank is rated BBB (long-term) and N3 (short-term) by Nordic 
Credit Rating AS (“NCR”). NCR is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). Since Nordax is dependent upon the debt capital markets as a source of debt capital, any 
downgrade of Nordax Bank’s credit rating would likely increase Nordax’s borrowing costs, adversely affect its 
liquidity position, limit its access to the debt capital markets, undermine confidence in and the competitive position 
of Nordax, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with Nordax. 
Goodwill from the acquisition of Bank Norwegian may need to be impaired 
In connection with Nordax Bank’s acquisition of Bank Norwegian, Nordax prepared a purchase price allocation 
analysis, in which Bank Norwegian’s identifiable assets and liabilities are valued at fair value. The difference 
between this fair value and the consideration paid to the sellers of Bank Norwegian is recognised as goodwill on 
the consolidated balance sheet of Nordax. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, an impairment loss is recognised as 
needed. Impairment testing is carried out at least once per year and as soon as there are indications that the carrying 
amount exceeds the recoverable amount. A possible impairment loss related to the acquisition of Bank Norwegian 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s balance sheet as well as income statement and total value.  
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks relating to regulatory requirements and regulatory changes 
Nordax’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and government policies and general 
recommendations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and in relation to the products it markets and sells. 
Nordax Bank, as a Swedish bank, is subject to supervision by the Swedish FSA with regard to, among other things, 
solvency and capital adequacy, including solvency ratios and liquidity rules as well as rules on internal governance 
and control (with several of such requirements applying also on a consolidated level for Nordax). The Swedish 
FSA is responsible for supervision of Nordax on a consolidated level, while the Norwegian FSA has supervisory 
responsibilities for the Branch on a standalone basis and with respect to those parts of Norwegian legislation that 
applies to branches such as e.g. compliance with Norwegian anti-money laundering legislation. 
In addition, as for any provider of financial services to consumers, Nordax’s offering is occasionally reviewed by 
consumer authorities. In Sweden, the Swedish Consumer Agency (Sw. Konsumentverket) safeguards the interests 
of consumers and monitors consumer interests and the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (Sw. 
Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) works to protect the privacy of private individuals. The same applies in Norway, 
where the Norwegian Consumer Council (No. Forbrukerrådet) and Consumer Authority (No. Forbrukertilsynet) 
monitors and safeguards the interests of consumers and the Norwegian Data Protection Authority (No. 
Datatilsynet) works to protect the privacy of individuals. As a result of conducting operations on a cross-border 
basis in the other Nordic countries, Germany, the Netherlands and in Spain, consumer agencies and councils in 
these countries have jurisdiction over certain aspects of Nordax’s business, including marketing and selling 
practices, advertising, general terms of business and legal debt collection operations. 
Nordax is also subject to directly applicable EU regulations and EU directives that are implemented through local 
legislation. Significant failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations could expose Nordax to monetary 
fines and other penalties, damages and/or the voiding of contracts and affect Nordax’s reputation. Ultimately, 
Nordax Bank’s banking licence, on which Nordax’s operations are highly dependent, could be revoked. The loss 
or suspension of its licence would require Nordax Bank to cease its banking operations which would have an 
adverse effect on Nordax’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
17(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
The Issuer’s subsidiary Svensk Hypotekspension AB (“SHP”) has a mortgage credit company (Sw. 
bostadskreditinstitut) licence issued by the Swedish FSA and SHP is obliged to follow rules and regulations 
applicable to mortgage credit companies. Failure to do so could lead to the Swedish FSA imposing sanctions on 
SHP. In case of material violations, the Swedish FSA can, as an ultimate measure, revoke SHP’s licence. The 
Swedish FSA may also issue remarks and warnings, which may be combined with monetary fines. Any such 
sanction could have an adverse effect on Nordax’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Many initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and will be imposed in the future. For example, 
a new Financial Contracts Act aiming at improving protection for borrowers in the consumer loan market entered 
into force in January 2023 in Norway and the Swedish FSA has previously published new guidelines relating to 
the provision of consumer credits (including in respect of the credit assessment process). 
In addition, the Finnish Parliament has in March 2023 adopted certain amendments to Finnish consumer credit 
legislation which will, inter alia, (i) lower the current interest rate cap of 20% to an interest rate corresponding to 
the reference rate published by the Bank of Finland (currently 2.5%) added with 15%, i.e. effectively lowering the 
cap to 17.5%. However, the 20% threshold will remain as a hard cap. The new interest rate cap regulations will 
also apply to new consumer loans drawn down under credit agreements entered into prior to the entry into force 
of the legislative changes (including credit agreements entered into prior to 1 September 2019), and (ii) impose 
further regulatory restrictions on the advertising and marketing of consumer credit, for example by in more detail 
than before defining the types of marketing activities considered not to be compliant with good lending practices. 
The said amendments will enter into force on 1 October 2023. Nordax is unable to predict with certainty what 
regulatory changes can be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU, by the Swedish FSA, 
by the Norwegian FSA or by other national authorities and agencies. Such changes risk having a material adverse 
effect on, among other things, Nordax’s product range and activities, the sales and pricing of Nordax’s products 
as well as Nordax’s profitability and capital adequacy and can give rise to increased costs of compliance.  
In addition, there is a risk that Nordax misinterprets or misapplies applicable new or amended laws and regulations, 
especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of legislation. For example, the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act inter alia requires that any brand names are used in such a way that it may not create an impression 
that a brand (or a branch) is a separate legal entity. In May 2023, Nordax received a decision from the Norwegian 
FSA requiring that the use of the brand name "Bank Norwegian" is altered by 1 June 2023 to make it clearer that 
"Bank Norwegian" is a branch of Nordax. Although Nordax is currently in the process of amending its current use 
of the brand name to comply with the order from the Norwegian FSA, if the decision is not complied with by 1 
June 2023, Nordax is ordered to cease its use of “Bank Norwegian” as a brand name for the Branch and for the 
products and service offering connected thereto until Nordax can demonstrate to the Norwegian FSA that the use 
of the brand name will be amended. If Nordax has not complied by 1 June 2023, but continues to use the brand 
name as currently used, Nordax may be imposed sanctions by the Norwegian FSA, such as daily fines. If Nordax 
is unable to comply by 1 June 2023 and therefore stops using "Bank Norwegian" until the Norwegian FSA has 
approved the plans for future use of the brand, this could negatively affect the Branch's marketing efforts and thus 
the inflow of new customers during this period. Any significant misinterpretations of applicable new or amended 
laws or regulations may lead to adverse consequences for Nordax. 
Furthermore, since Nordax is a niche loan provider, adverse changes in the regulatory environment could have a 
greater negative impact on Nordax’s business, financial condition and results of operations as compared to, for 
example, full-service banks, which have a more diversified product offering. Nordax incurs, and expects to 
continue to incur, significant costs and expenditures, to comply with the increasingly complex regulatory 
environment. The degree to which any negative consequences related to managing these legal and regulatory risks 
is uncertain and present a highly significant risk to Nordax’s reputation and business. 
Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
Nordax Bank is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a comprehensive 
and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial institutions. These 
regulations are regularly reviewed and amended by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and by the EU. 
Regulations which have impacted Nordax and are expected to continue to impact Nordax currently include, among 
others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”), as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), and the EU Capital Requirements Regulation 11(99) (EU) No. 575/2013 
(“CRR”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II”) and, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
by Regulation (EU) 2020/873. CRR and CRD IV are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed 
by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”). Nordax Bank is subject to liquidity requirements, including 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio requirements and Net Stable Funding Ratio requirements, in its capacity as a credit 
institution supervised by the Swedish FSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to

--- Page 20 ---
18(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. The Swedish FSA has issued regulations on liquidity, such 
as FFFS 2014:21 and FFFS 2010:7, which Nordax Bank needs to comply with.  
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components in the 
capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2 
capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent from 
the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to 
CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further capital buffer requirements 
that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be applicable to Nordax Bank as determined 
by the Swedish FSA. There may also be additional capital requirements in the form of Pillar 2 requirements or 
Pillar 2 guidance, which are determined as part of the Swedish FSA’s supervisory review and evaluation process 
(SREP) and is a bank-specific recommendation. The Pillar 2 guidance is formally non-binding, but the SREP 
assessment may be complemented by other supervisory measures. The Swedish FSA has various options at its 
disposal, including e.g. the issuance of fines and sanctions, directives to order an institution to reduce its exposure 
to risk, raise more capital, hold more liquidity or improve its governance or risk management. 
During the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Swedish FSA and its Nordic counterparties lowered 
the countercyclical buffer rate to release capital in the financial system. The Swedish FSA, the Central Bank of 
Norway and the Danish FSA have begun to raise the countercyclical buffer rates, and the Swedish FSA raised the 
countercyclical buffer rate from 0% to 1% in September 2022, and will raise the countercyclical buffer rate to a 
neutral 2% during June 2023. The Danish FSA raised the countercyclical buffer rate to 2% in December 2022 and 
the Central Bank of Norway raised the countercyclical buffer rate from 1.5% to 2% in December 2022 and raised 
the buffer to 2,5% in March 2023. The changes to the countercyclical buffer rate will have an impact on Nordax 
Bank’s overall capital requirements. 
A breach of the combined buffer requirements (including the countercyclical buffer mentioned above) is likely to 
result in restrictions on certain discretionary capital distributions by Nordax Bank, for example dividend and 
coupon payments on CET1 and tier 1 capital instruments. However, Nordax Bank is not currently considered to 
be systemically important institution and is thus not subject to the buffer requirement for systemically important 
institutions, nor is Nordax Bank subject to the systemic risk buffer (”SyRB”) requirements. It is however possible 
that Nordax Bank will be designated a systemically important institution (in which case buffer requirements can 
apply also to Nordax) or subject to SyRB requirements in the future (see also below regarding Norwegian SyRB 
requirements and potential effects of the acquisition of Bank Norwegian on the supervision of, and the regulatory 
requirements applicable to, Nordax). 
Norwegian banks are subject to a systemic risk buffer (”SyRB”) requirement decided by the Norwegian Ministry 
of Finance (as advised by the Central Bank of Norway). The requirement was initially set to 3% of total risk 
exposure amount but will from end of year 2023 be set to 4.5% of the credit risk exposure amount that stems from 
Norwegian exposures. The Norwegian SyRB was reciprocated by the Swedish FSA in October 2022, which means 
that the Norwegian SyRB applies to Swedish banks with Norwegian exposures above a materiality threshold. The 
threshold was set to 32 bn NOK risk exposure amount, as recommended by the European Systemic Risk Board, 
(ESRB). Nordax’s Norwegian exposures do not exceed this threshold. 
In March 2023 the ESRB, on the request of the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, lowered its recommended 
materiality threshold to 5 bn NOK risk exposure amount. If the Swedish FSA reciprocates the new recommended 
materiality threshold, Nordax will be required to hold a SyRB for Norwegian exposures at the end of 2023.  
The conditions of Nordax’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the full set of 
capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. For the foregoing reasons, 
the Issuer and/or any other entity within its consolidated situation can be required to raise regulatory capital in the 
future. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, is not always 
available on attractive terms, or at all. 
Deviations by Nordax from the above regulations would most likely lead to the Swedish FSA determining that 
Nordax Bank’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness requirement for credit institutions and their 
consolidated situation and thus imposing sanctions on the relevant entity or entities within Nordax. Further, any 
increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on Nordax’s liquidity (should its 
revenue streams not cover continuous payments to be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able 
to raise funding on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively 
affected) and results of operations (should its costs increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements risks may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to Nordax’s funding and 
liquidity position.

--- Page 21 ---
19(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
The Swedish FSA categorises credit institutions into different supervisory categories based on e.g. an institution’s 
systemic importance and the extent of any cross-border activities, taking into account the credit institution’s size, 
structure and internal organisation, as well as the nature, scope and complexity of its activities. The acquisition of 
Bank Norwegian has resulted in Nordax becoming significantly larger, and the Swedish FSA may change the 
supervisory category applicable to Nordax Bank (or otherwise change the supervision practice applied vis-à-vis 
Nordax) which could result in e.g. higher frequency and scope of supervisory actions. Further, as stated above, 
there is a risk that Nordax becomes subject to additional capital and liquidity requirements in the future, including 
as a result of Nordax having become significantly larger as a result of the acquisition of Bank Norwegian.  
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Nordax is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) (which was amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) on 27 June 2019 where most of the new rules in BRRD II started to 
apply mid-2021). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions (such as Nordax Bank) to produce and maintain recovery 
plans setting out the arrangements that are to be taken to restore the long-term viability of the institution in the 
event of a material deterioration of its financial condition. 
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution authority (in 
Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgälden) and the Norwegian FSA in Norway) upon certain 
conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers (used alone or in combination) include, inter alia, 
a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities, 
whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims including the Notes into other securities, which securities could also be subject to any further application 
of the general bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing institution's debt (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) could be subject to write-down and/or conversion, 
except for certain classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In addition to the power to write-
down and/or convert debt when the conditions for resolution have been fulfilled, the BRRD provides for relevant 
authorities to have the power, before any resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into 
equity certain capital instruments at the point of non-viability (including any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes). Ultimately, the authority has the power to take control of a failing 
institution and, for example, transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending 
a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder (or other) approval. 
Certain institutions subject to the BRRD are required to hold debt instruments in addition to what is otherwise 
required under the capital requirements in order to ensure that there is a sufficient amount of own funds and debt 
instruments available for write-down and/or conversion for the authorities to be able to use the bail-in tool referred 
to above. Such debt instruments may further be required to be subordinated to an institution's senior debt. Nordax 
Bank is currently not subject to any of these requirements. It cannot be ruled out that these or similar requirements 
will apply also to Nordax Bank in the future. Such requirements could have a negative effect on e.g. Nordax’s 
liquidity, funding (including by requiring Nordax Bank or any other relevant entity in the Group to issue Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes), financial condition and results of operations.  
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish authorities described in the BRRD, 
as implemented in Sweden by, inter alia, the Resolution Act (Sw. Lag (2015:1016) om resolution), will affect 
Nordax. The powers and tools given to the Swedish and Norwegian authorities are numerous and may have a 
material adverse effect on Nordax. Accordingly, the degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of 
BRRD may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Nordax’s funding and compliance costs. 
Risks relating to changes to legislation concerning debt collection 
Nordax’s recoveries on non-performing loans depend primarily on the effectiveness of the legal debt collection 
systems, including laws and case law regarding debt collection, debt restructuring and personal bankruptcy, in the 
countries in which it operates. Recoveries are also dependent on the commitment by and the efficiency of Nordax’s 
third-party debt collection partners. One of the main tools available to Nordax to collect on non-performing loans 
are wage garnishment, and changes that cause a significant deterioration for lenders to the wage garnishment 
system in Nordax’s geographical markets would adversely affect Nordax’s ability to collect on its past due loans. 
Nordax’s ability to collect on its past due loans could also be adversely affected by changes in debt restructuring 
or personal bankruptcy laws if, for example, other creditors are granted priority over personal loan providers in 
restructurings or bankruptcies. 
Nordax’s business could also be adversely affected by changes in laws regarding statutes of limitations on debt 
collection. In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the statute of limitations for debt collection is ten years and it can be

--- Page 22 ---
20(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
renewed through acknowledgement of the debt by the customer (usually through payment), the creditor making a 
claim in writing or otherwise notifying the debtor in writing, or through legal action. In Finland, the absolute 
statute of limitations for debt collection is 15 years from the first collection effort. There is a risk that the statute 
of limitations on debt collection can be shortened, or the ability to extend the statute of limitations can be restricted 
or abolished, in the countries in which Nordax operates, which would adversely affect Nordax’s ability to collect 
from defaulting customers. 
The degree to which the aforementioned legislation changes may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a 
significant risk to Nordax’s cost levels and results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards  
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), the EU and other regulatory bodies 
change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Nordax’s financial 
statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict and could materially impact how Nordax records and 
reports its results of operations and financial condition. There is a risk that changes in accounting standards have 
an adverse effect on Nordax’s financial reporting, and thereby its results of operations and financial condition. 
For example, in July 2014, the IASB issued a new accounting standard, International Financial Reporting Standard 
9 (Financial Instruments) (“IFRS 9”), which became effective from 1 January 2018 and replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 
provides principles for classification of financial instruments, and provisioning for expected credit losses which 
are mandatory, and therefore fully implemented by Nordax, as of 1 January 2018. As a group offering consumer 
lending products, provisions for expected credit losses are important for Nordax in relation to its exposure to 
default and expected credit losses. However, recognition and measurement of financial instruments as regulated 
in IFRS 9 is a complex area with significant judgement to determine the loan loss provisions. Therefore, changes 
in assessments of the provisioning can have a material impact on the result and the capital ratios. As a result of 
applying IFRS 9, allowances for credit losses increased by SEK 177 million for Nordax Bank as of 1 January 
2018. The impact on equity was SEK 138 million. The increase in allowances for credit losses was driven by the 
IFRS 9 requirement to also hold provisions for assets without a significant increase in credit risk (stage 1 as defined 
in the IFRS 9 standard) as opposed to IAS 39 that requires provisions for losses incurred. Accordingly, new IFRS 
and other financial accounting and reporting standards may have a significant impact on Nordax’s results and 
financial position. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation 
As a financial group aimed primarily at individuals, Nordax processes large quantities of personal data on its 
customers. Such processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following the 
implementation of GDPR, as of 25 May 2018. Any administrative and monetary sanctions (including 
administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of Nordax’s total global annual turnover) 
or reputational damage due to incorrect implementation or breach of the GDPR would adversely impact Nordax’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. The degree to which non-compliance with applicable 
requirements may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Nordax’s operations and reputation. 
Disputes and legal proceedings 
From time to time, Nordax may be subject to legal proceedings, claims and disputes in jurisdictions where it is 
active. Nordax operates in a regulatory environment and business segment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks caused by requirements of compliance with complex regulations and, at times, 
negative sentiment towards consumer lending. As a result of the litigation and regulatory risk, Nordax may in the 
future become involved in various disputes and legal, administrative and governmental proceedings in the Nordic 
region or in other jurisdictions that potentially could expose it to significant losses and liabilities. Proceedings 
relating to Nordax’s regulated businesses may expose it to increased regulatory scrutiny and oblige it to accept 
constraints that involve additional costs or otherwise put Nordax at a competitive disadvantage. Such claims, 
disputes and proceedings are often subject to several uncertainties and their outcomes often difficult to predict, 
particularly in the earlier stages of a case or an investigation. There is further a risk that the results of any 
investigation, proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or governments 
are difficult for Nordax to predict. In addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against Nordax, 
significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity risk adversely affecting Nordax’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
The outcome of any future potential proceedings, claims and disputes may vary and are uncertain, and could 
adversely affect Nordax’s costs and reputation.

--- Page 23 ---
21(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Tax risks 
Nordax’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with Nordax’s interpretation of applicable laws, 
tax treaties, regulations, case law and requirements of the tax authorities. There is a risk that Nordax’s 
interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or administrative practice is 
incorrect, or that such rules or practice will change, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, new legislation 
introducing a risk tax for credit institutions in Sweden entered into force on 1 January 2022, applicable for Swedish 
credit institutions with total liabilities of more than SEK 150bn, and for foreign credit institutions but only if they 
have liabilities attributable to business in a Swedish branch above the threshold of SEK 150bn. When calculating 
liabilities in relation to the threshold of SEK 150bn, liabilities in all credit institutions within the same group shall 
be summarized. When there are foreign credit institutions within Nordax, the liabilities of such foreign credit 
institutions shall however only be included in the calculation to the extent they are attributable to business in a 
Swedish branch. The tax rate is set to 0.05 per cent of the total liabilities for 2022 and 0.06 per cent for 2023. 
Nordax’s total liabilities amounted to SEK 99,571 million in 2022. There is a risk that the new legislation, if 
applicable to Nordax in the future, will increase Nordax’s tax costs. 
In 2022, Nordax’s reported tax on profit totalled SEK 356 million and its effective tax rate was 20.6 per cent. 
Nordax’s tax situation for previous, current and future years may change as a result of legislative changes such 
as the one mentioned, decisions made by the tax authorities or as a result of changed tax treaties, regulations, 
case law or requirements of the tax authorities. Such decisions or changes, potentially with retroactive effect, 
could have an adverse effect on Nordax’s tax position, financial condition and results of operations. 
Anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing 
Counteracting money laundering and terrorist financing is a highly prioritised area within the EU and the 
regulatory framework is continuously updated to prevent the financial system from being used for money 
laundering and terrorist financing. Nordax Bank is, as a bank, subject to a regulatory framework which require it 
to take measures to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. There is a risk that 
Nordax’s procedures, internal control functions and guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist 
financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that Nordax complies with the regulatory framework. This may 
result from, for example, insufficient procedures, internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by employees, 
suppliers or counterparties, which risk resulting in a failure to comply with the anti-money laundering regulatory 
framework. 
Failure to comply with the requirements could result in legal implications. If Nordax would become subject to 
material sanctions, remarks or warnings and/or fines imposed by the Swedish or Norwegian FSA, this would cause 
significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the reputation of Nordax and, as a result, Nordax’s business, 
financial position and results of operations can be adversely affected. Nordax’s operations are contingent upon 
Nordax Bank’s banking licence, thus making such consequences a significant risk for Nordax. The degree to which 
non-compliance with anti-money laundering may affect Nordax is uncertain and presents a significant risk to 
Nordax’s reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES 
Risks relating to Notes 
Credit risks 
If the Issuer’s financial position deteriorates it is likely that the credit risk associated with Notes will increase as 
there would be an increased risk that the Issuer cannot fulfil its obligations under such Notes. The Issuer’s financial 
position is affected by numerous risk factors, some of which have been outlined above in the section “Finance 
risks”. An increased credit risk can result in the market pricing Notes with a higher risk premium, which can 
adversely affect the value of such Notes. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorated financial position 
can result in a lower credit worthiness, which can affect the Issuer’s ability to refinance Notes and other existing 
debt, which in turn can adversely affect the Issuer’s operations, result and financial position. 
Structural subordination and dependence on upstreaming of funds 
Nordax’s business primarily consists of providing personal loans, mortgage loans, equity release mortgage loans 
and credit card services. The loans provided by Nordax in its loans are held by, and funded in, the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries. Such subsidiaries have generally created security over such loans in favour of their respective funding 
partners as security for such funding. The Issuer is reliant on the financial performance of its subsidiaries and their 
ability to make dividend distributions and other payments, to enable it to meet its payment obligations (including 
making payments under Notes). All subsidiaries are legally separate and distinct from the Issuer and have no

--- Page 24 ---
22(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Issuer’s obligations and commitments or to make funds available 
for such payments. Group contributions, dividend distributions or other financials flows may also be limited due 
to tax constraints making financial transfers more difficult or expensive. No present or future subsidiary, or other 
member of the Group, will guarantee or provide any security for the Issuer’s obligations under Notes. As 
mentioned above (see “Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements”), there may also be regulatory limitations 
in certain situations to make dividend distributions, which may apply to Nordax Bank. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu or with 
priority to Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of debt that the Issuer (or any other company in the Group) may issue 
or incur that ranks pari passu or with priority to Notes. There are no limitations on security in the General Terms 
and Conditions which limit the ability of the Issuer to provide security for other debt obligations, other than in 
respect of debt instruments issued by the Issuer which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (excluding covered bonds). The incurrence of any debt ranking with 
priority to Notes and/or being secured may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, resolution or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
Events of Default in respect of Senior Loans 
Certain Events of Default in respect of Senior Loans apply to the Issuer, as well as to Material Group Companies 
(but not to other Group Companies). Group Companies which are asset-backed finance special purpose companies 
are excluded from the definition of ‘Material Group Company’ (and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
definition of ‘Material Group Company’ comprises Nordax Holding AB (publ) (previously named NDX 
Intressenter AB), Nordax Group AB (publ) and the Issuer). Thus, the Events of Defaults (including the cross-
default/cross-acceleration and insolvency Events of Default) do not apply in respect of such special purpose 
companies, meaning that Noteholders would not be entitled to accelerate Senior Notes by reference to 
circumstances attributable to such special purpose companies. Further, the cross-default/cross-acceleration Event 
of Default does not apply in respect of financial indebtedness owed by a Material Group Company to another 
Group Company. 
Change of Control Event in respect of Senior Loans 
A new owner could, directly or indirectly, acquire fifty per cent or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise, 
directly or indirectly, establish control over fifty per cent or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer. In respect 
of Senior Notes, such event would not constitute a Change of Control Event (which entitles each Noteholder to 
request that its Senior Notes be repurchased by the Issuer), if the new owner is approved as owner of the Issuer in 
an ownership assessment conducted by the Swedish FSA or if the Noteholders approve such change in accordance 
with the General Terms and Conditions. In respect of Subordinated Notes, such event would not give rise to any 
additional rights of the Noteholders (irrespective of whether it constitutes a Change of Control Event or not). A 
change in the direct or indirect ownership of the Issuer could adversely affect the Issuer’s operations, result and 
financial position and/or the market value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Interest rate risk 
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. During that time, 
holders of Notes with fixed interest rate are exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes may fall because of 
changes in the market yield. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of Notes with fixed interest rate is 
fixed until the Maturity Date for such Notes, the market yield typically changes on a daily basis. As the market 
yield changes, the price of Notes with fixed interest rate changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market yield 
increases, the price of such Notes falls and if the market yield falls, the price of such Notes increases. There is a 
risk that the price of Notes with fixed interest rate is adversely affected by movements of the market yield, which 
will result in Noteholders losing a significant part of their investment in such Notes. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, 
being EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the General Terms and Conditions. The process of the 
calculation of EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks, such as LIBOR, have been 
subject to legislator attention. As a result, a number of legislative measures have been taken, whereof some have 
been implemented and others are going to be implemented. The most important initiative on the subject matter is 
the so called Benchmarks Regulation that entered into force 1 January 2018 in the EU and on 20 December 2019 
in Norway and which regulates the provision of a benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of 
determining a benchmark and the operation of benchmarks within the EEA.

--- Page 25 ---
23(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
There is a risk that the Benchmarks Regulation may affect how interest rate benchmarks are calculated. This in 
turn may give rise to increased volatility for some interest rate benchmarks. In addition, the increased 
administrative requirements and the associated regulatory risks may decrease the will of some parties to participate 
in the determination of interest rate benchmarks or to the fact that certain interest rate benchmarks will cease to be 
published entirely. If this happen to a benchmark that is applicable to Notes, i.e. EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, 
this may have an adverse effect on the relevant Noteholders’ investment. The potential elimination of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the General Terms and Conditions and relevant Final 
Terms for Notes through a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with sections 12 and 13.1 of the General Terms 
and Conditions. The outcome of such Noteholders’ Meeting cannot be determined in advance and the outcome 
may be detrimental to the value of the relevant Medium Term Notes. Hence, any amendment of the interest 
provisions presents a significant risk to the value of a Noteholder’s investment. The degree to which amendments 
to and application of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or any cessation of interest rate benchmarks may affect 
Noteholders is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment. 
 
Specific risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
Subject as provided in the General Terms and Conditions, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder who, in the event of the liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, is indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the 
General Terms and Conditions, if any are payable) held by such Noteholder, which could adversely affect the 
amount recovered in any liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, with Senior Non-Preferred 
Ranking, of the Issuer. If, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking 
creditors in full, the Noteholders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in 
full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Noteholders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Furthermore, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) 
or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, any payment to holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be 
made after the claims of more senior-ranking creditors of the Issuer have been paid in full. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit from 
a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Subordination in right of payments in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation 
The rights of Noteholders in respect of Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer but shall rank at least pari passu with all other subordinated indebtedness 
of the Issuer (excluding creditors whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes).  
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent or enter into liquidation or resolution.

--- Page 26 ---
24(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
The Issuer may redeem, substitute, or vary the terms of, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes on the occurrence of a Capital Event, Tax 
Event or MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) 
The Issuer may in certain circumstances, at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (in case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the Swedish 
FSA (in case of Subordinated Notes), redeem Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) at par 
together with accrued interest. Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable), the Issuer may also substitute, or vary the terms of, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
There is a risk that Noteholders will not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investments in Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes. 
Call options in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
or the Swedish FSA (as applicable) 
The market risk with an investment in notes increases the longer the term is, since it is more difficult to overview 
how market interest rates will develop with a longer term. The market risk also increases with a longer term since 
the fluctuation in the price of a note is greater for a note with a longer term than for a note with a shorter term. 
Under the Final Terms for Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
may have the option to redeem Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes prior 
to their stated Maturity Date. If the Issuer considers it favourable to exercise such a call option, the Issuer must 
obtain the prior consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority (in case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or the Swedish FSA (in case of Subordinated Notes). 
Noteholders have no rights to call for the redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes and should not invest in such Notes with the expectation that such a call will be exercised by 
the Issuer. In case of Subordinated Notes, the Swedish FSA will base its evaluation of the regulatory capital 
position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. There is a risk that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Swedish FSA (as applicable) will not permit such a call or that the Issuer will not exercise such 
a call. Noteholders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes for a period of time in excess of the 
minimum period.

--- Page 27 ---
25(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) apply for Notes (as defined 
below) that Nordax Bank AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556647-7286; LEI No. 21380057HUGFEAF25W84) (the 
“Issuer”) issues in the capital market under an agreement with the Dealers (as defined below) in respect of a 
Swedish medium term note programme (the “Programme”). The maximum Total Nominal Amount (as defined 
below) of all Loans (as defined below) outstanding under the Programme from time to time may not exceed 
SEK 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in EUR or NOK), unless otherwise agreed in accordance with 
these General Terms and Conditions.  
For each Loan (as defined below), Final Terms (as defined below) are prepared that include supplementary terms 
and conditions, which together with these General Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and 
conditions for the relevant Loan. Final Terms for Notes that are offered to the public will be published on the 
Issuer’s website (www.nordaxgroup.com) and made available at the office of the Issuer. For as long as any 
Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will keep the General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such 
Notes available on its website. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In the Conditions (as defined below), the following terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them 
below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or (kontofører) 
pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has 
opened a CSD Account in respect of its Notes; 
“Accounting Principles” means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the 
meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as 
applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements; 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional tier 1 capital (primärkapitaltillskott) as defined in 
Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 3 of the CRR and/or any other Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means any debt instrument of the Issuer that complies with the 
requirements under Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital; 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means, with respect to a specific Loan, the Total Nominal Amount of 
outstanding Notes excluding Notes held by the Issuer, any Group Company and any Affiliate of the 
Issuer or any Group Company, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of 
such Notes; 
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Loan is raised through two or more Issuing Houses, the 
Issuing House appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in respect of 
the Loan as set out in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan is raised through only one Issuing 
House, the Issuing House; 
“Affiliate” means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a 
Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity holding any Notes (irrespective of whether such 
person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company 
or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by 
a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, “control” 
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement 
or otherwise;  
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and any other laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy as then applied in

--- Page 28 ---
26(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Sweden by the Swedish FSA (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group); 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means the laws, regulations, requirements,  guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD and BRRD (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be); 
”Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with floating rate, the base rate STIBOR, NIBOR or 
EURIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR, NIBOR or 
EURIBOR in accordance with Clause 14 (Replacement of Base Rate); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as implemented in Sweden, unless the context otherwise requires, and including as amended 
by Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 
and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Business Day” means in respect of Notes denominated in EUR and SEK, a day which is not a 
Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or which is not treated as a public holiday for the purpose 
of payment of promissory notes (Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve 
(julafton) and New Year’s Eve (nyårsafton) shall be deemed public holidays), and in respect of 
Notes denominated in NOK, a day which is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Norway or 
which is not treated as a public holiday for the purpose of payment of promissory notes and on 
which VPS is open for business in accordance with the VPS Rules; 
“Capital Event” means, at any time on or after the Issue Date for a Subordinated Loan, a change in 
the regulatory classification of the relevant Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in the 
exclusion of such Notes, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Issuer 
Consolidated Situation or the reclassification of such Notes, in whole or in part, as a lower quality 
form of regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Issuer Consolidated Situation, provided that (a) 
the Swedish FSA considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (b) the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Swedish FSA that such change was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date, and provided that such exclusion or reclassification is not a result of any applicable limitation 
on the amount of such Tier 2 Capital contained in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Change of Control Event” means an event or a series of events resulting in one person (or several 
persons who (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of 
the same group; or (iii) act or have agreed to act in concert), other than person(s) approved as 
owner(s) of the Issuer in an ownership assessment conducted by the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finansinspektionen), directly or indirectly acquiring fifty (50) per cent or more of the 
shares in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing control over fifty (50) per cent 
or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer, except where the Noteholders have approved such 
event or series of events in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found.; 
“Conditions” for a particular Loan, means these General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms 
for such Loan; 
“Covered Bonds” means covered bonds (säkerställda obligationer) issued pursuant to the Swedish 
Covered Bond Issuance Act (lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer); 
“CRD” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive“ means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019);

--- Page 29 ---
27(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules, regulations or other 
requirements implementing (or promulgated in the context of) the CRD Directive or the CRR which 
may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts 
or regulations (including technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws 
and regulations, adopted by the Swedish FSA and guidelines issued by the Swedish FSA, the 
European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer or 
the Group, as applicable; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
“CRR II“ means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CSD” means the central securities depository in which the Notes are registered, being Euroclear 
for Notes denominated in SEK and EUR, and VPS for Notes denominated in NOK; 
“CSD Account” means a securities account, maintained by Euroclear pursuant to the Swedish 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act or, if the Notes are denominated in NOK, the VPS pursuant to 
the Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts Act and the VPS Rules, in which (i) an owner of 
such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name 
of a nominee; 
“Day Count Convention” means: 
 
if the counting basis “30/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be calculated 
using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a 
fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed; and 
 
if the counting basis “Actual/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360; 
“Dealers” means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)1 and Swedbank AB (publ)2 and such 
other dealer (emissionsinstitut) appointed for this Programme in accordance with Clause Error! 
Reference source not found., but only for so long as such dealer has not resigned as a dealer; 
“Debt Instruments” means bonds, notes, certificates or other debt securities (however defined, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term notes programmes and other market funding 
programmes), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (handelsplattform) (as defined in the 
Swedish Security Market Act (lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden));  
“EURIBOR” means: 
 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Interest Determination Date 
on page EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such 
other page as replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
 
if no such rate as set out in item (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the 
rate (rounded upwards to four decimal places) determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates published on the information system Refinitiv 
page EURIBOR01 (or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for the 
offering of deposits in EUR; 
 
1 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) acceded as Dealer under the Programme pursuant to an accession agreement dated 21 October 
2019. 
2 Swedbank AB (publ) acceded as Dealer under the Programme pursuant to an accession agreement dated 24 May 2023.

--- Page 30 ---
28(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a) or (b), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the 
European interbank market reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent for deposits of 
EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) to (c) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period; 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance 
with the legislation of the European Community relating to the European Economic and Monetary 
Union; 
“Euroclear” means the central securities depository in which the Notes denominated in SEK and 
EUR are registered, being Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
“Event of Default” means an event or circumstance specified in Clause Error! Reference source 
not found. (in respect of Senior Notes) or Clause Error! Reference source not found. (in respect 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes); 
“Exclusion Event” has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause Error! Reference source not found.; 
“Final Terms” means the final terms prepared for a particular Loan; 
“Group” means the Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group 
Company”); 
“Insolvent” means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 
of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)), suspends making payments on any of its 
debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially 
all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to 
rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish 
Company Reorganisation Act (lag (2022:964) om företagsrekonstruktion)) or is subject to 
involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation; 
“Interest Commencement Date” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means, for a Loan, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Rate” means, (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (ii) for a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest rate calculated in 
accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found.; 
“Issue Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issuer Consolidated Situation” means the entities which are part of the Issuer’s Swedish 
prudential consolidated situation (as such term is used in the Applicable Banking Regulations), from 
time to time; 
“Issuing House” means the Dealer(s) through which a specific Loan is raised; 
“Loan” means a Senior Loan, a Senior Preferred Loan, a Senior Non-Preferred Loan or a 
Subordinated Loan, which the Issuer raises under this Programme; 
“Margin” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Material Group Company” means each of the Issuer and any other Group Company representing 
ten (10) per cent or more of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis according to its 
latest financial report or interim financial report, excluding any asset-backed finance special purpose 
company;

--- Page 31 ---
29(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means a change in the regulatory classification of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) pursuant to the Applicable 
MREL Regulations that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in whole or in part 
from the MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer or the Issuer Consolidated Situation, provided that 
an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such exclusion is or will be caused by (a) the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, 
or (b) any applicable limits on the amount of ”eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor 
term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement being exceeded; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (howsoever called or defined by Applicable 
MREL Regulations) of the Issuer or the Issuer’s Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or becomes applicable to the Issuer or the Issuer Consolidated Situation; 
“NIBOR” means: 
 
the interest rate for a period as displayed as of or around noon (Oslo time) on the Interest 
Determination Date on page OIBOR of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system 
on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for NOK for a period comparable 
to the relevant Interest Period; 
 
if no such rate as set out in item (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the 
rate (rounded upwards to four decimal places) determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates published on the information system Refinitivs 
page OIBOR (or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for the offering of 
deposits in NOK; 
 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a) or (b), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the 
Norwegian interbank market reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent for deposits 
of NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) to (c) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in NOK offered for the relevant Interest Period; 
“Norwegian Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Norwegian Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (lov (2019:6) om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.); 
“Norwegian Kroner” and “NOK” means the lawful currency of Norway; 
“Norwegian Record Date” means the second (2) Business Day prior to: 
(a) 
an Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to Noteholders; 
(c) 
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(d) 
another relevant date, 
or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the 
Norwegian debt capital market;  
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each Note that is stated in the relevant Final Terms less 
any amount repaid; 
“Note” means a Senior Note, Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note, or Subordinated 
Note;

--- Page 32 ---
30(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“Noteholder” means the person recorded on a CSD Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or 
nominee (förvaltare) of a Note; 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting of the Noteholders in respect of a Loan as described in 
Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Noteholders’ Meeting); 
“Programme Amount” means SEK 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in EUR or NOK) or 
such other amount as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers in accordance with Clause 
Error! Reference source not found.; 
“Record Date” means a Norwegian Record Date in respect of Notes denominated in NOK or, in the 
event of Notes denominated in SEK or EUR, the fifth (5) Business Day prior to: 
(a) 
an Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to Noteholders; 
(c) 
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(d) 
another relevant date, 
or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the 
Swedish debt capital market;  
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgälden) or any 
successor authority with the ability to exercise any bail-in and loss absorption powers in relation to 
the Issuer;  
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market (as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014); 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar 
effect; 
“Senior Loan” means each Loan specified in its Final Terms to be a senior loan, comprising of one 
or more Senior Notes with the same ISIN code, raised by the Issuer under this Programme; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Loan” each Loan specified in its Final Terms to be a senior non-preferred 
loan, comprising of one or more Senior Non-Preferred Notes with the same ISIN code, raised by the 
Issuer under this Programme; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set 
forth in the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Senior Non-
Preferred Loan and which is governed by the Conditions; 
“Senior Preferred Loan” each Loan specified in its Final Terms to be a senior preferred loan, 
comprising of one or more Senior Preferred Notes with the same ISIN code, raised by the Issuer 
under this Programme; 
“Senior Preferred Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in 
the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Senior Preferred Loan 
and which is governed by the Conditions; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means liabilities and obligations having Senior Non-Preferred 
Ranking. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Ranking” means the ranking set out in the second sentence of the first 
paragraph of Section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (18 § första stycket andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) for claims attributable to such debt instruments as are referred to in 
Chapter 21, Section 15, paragraph 3 b of the Swedish Resolution Act (21 kap. 15 § 3 b lagen 
(2015:1016) om resolution), as such legislative references may be amended or replaced from time to 
time;

--- Page 33 ---
31(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“Senior Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Senior Loan and which is 
governed by the Conditions; 
“STIBOR” means: 
 
the interest rate for a period as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on 
the Interest Determination Date on page STIBOR= of the Refinitiv screen (or through such 
other system on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period 
comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or   
 
if no such rate as set out in item (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the 
rate (rounded upwards to four decimal places) determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates published on the information system Refinitiv’s 
page “STIBOR =” (or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for the 
offering of deposits in SEK; 
 
(if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a) or (b), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by Swedish leading 
banks in the Stockholm interbank market for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) to (c) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects 
the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Subordinated Loan” means each Loan specified in its Final Terms to be a subordinated loan, 
comprising of one or more Subordinated Notes with the same ISIN code, raised by the Issuer under 
this Programme; 
“Subordinated Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Subordinated Loan and 
which is governed by the Conditions; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or 
indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslag (2005:551)); 
“Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument); 
“Swedish FSA” means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) or such 
other Swedish or European regulatory authority as may replace it; 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden; 
“Tax Event” means, for a Subordinated Loan, a Senior Non-Preferred Loan and a Senior Preferred 
Loan, the occurrence of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, resulting in that the Issuer is, or becomes, subject to a significant 
amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to 
the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, provided 
(if required under Applicable Banking Regulations or Applicable MREL Regulations) that the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Swedish FSA or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) that such change in tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) as defined in Chapter 4 of Title I of 
Part Two of the CRR and/or any other Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
outstanding at the relevant time; and

--- Page 34 ---
32(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“Ultimate Parent” means Nordax Holding AB (publ) (earlier NDX Intressenter AB), a limited 
liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 559097-5743. 
“VPS” means the central securities depository in which the Notes denominated in NOK are 
registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of Norway with Reg. No. 985 140 421. 
“VPS Rules” means the VPS Rules for Registration of Financial Instruments; 
1.2 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in the Conditions to:  
(a) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, 
amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;  
(b) 
a “regulation” or “law” includes any law, regulation, rule or official directive, request or 
guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental 
or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or 
organisation; 
(c) 
a provision of law or regulation is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and 
(d) 
a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time. 
1.3 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or 
broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such 
currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published on Reuters’ screen 
“SEKFIX=” (or on such other system or screen which replacing it) or, if such rate not is published, 
the rate of exchange for such currency published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its 
website (www.riksbank.se). 
1.4 
Further definitions are contained (where relevant) in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.5 
The definitions contained in these General Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the relevant 
Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES 
2.1 
Senior Loans and Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall at all times rank 
at least pari passu with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations, which are, or may be, mandatorily preferred 
by law (including, but not limited to, the legislation implementing Directive 2014/59/EU on 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms). 
2.2 
Senior Preferred Loans and Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (except for obligations, 
which are, or may be, mandatorily preferred by law (including, but not limited to, the legislation 
implementing Directive 2014/59/EU on establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms)) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations and Senior Non- Preferred Liabilities, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding.

--- Page 35 ---
33(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
2.3 
Senior Non-Preferred Loans and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations with Senior 
Non-Preferred Ranking of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall rank: (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves; (ii) pari passu with the 
rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; (iii) senior to the rights 
of the holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, including any subordinated obligation of 
the Issuer which constitutes, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; (iv) in priority to payments to holders of all 
classes of share capital (including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such 
holder; and (iv) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes) that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
2.4 
Subordinated Loans and Subordinated Notes 
2.4.1 
Subordinated Notes are intended to constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Issuer 
Consolidated Situation. Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(b) 
pari passu with (a) any liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 
Capital and (b) any other liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank equally with Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer 
and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(c) 
senior to (i) any liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional 
Tier 1 Capital and (ii) holders of all classes of the Issuer’s shares in their capacity as such 
holders and any other liabilities or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments (to the extent such periodic payment has not been cancelled) on a liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
junior to any present and future claims of (i) depositors of the Issuer, (ii) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Notes) and (iii) any 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to the 
holders of Subordinated Notes. 
2.5 
No set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder who in the event of the liquidation (likvidation), bankruptcy (konkurs) or resolution 
(resolution) of the Issuer is indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes held by such Noteholder.  
3. 
ISSUANCE OF NOTES AND COVENANT TO PAY 
3.1 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro, Norwegian Kroner and Swedish Kronor 
with a minimum term of one year. Under a Loan, Notes may be issued in more than one tranche.

--- Page 36 ---
34(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
3.2 
The Issuer undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each Loan in 
accordance with the Conditions and to otherwise discharge its obligations under the Conditions for 
each Loan. 
3.3 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have the rights and be 
subject to the conditions stated in the Conditions. In acquiring Notes each new Noteholder confirms 
such acceptance. 
3.4 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this Programme, the Issuer shall enter into a separate 
agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing House(s) for such 
Loan. 
3.5 
Final Terms shall be drawn up for each Loan which, together with these General Terms and 
Conditions, constitute the full Conditions for the Loan. 
4. 
REGISTRATION OF NOTES 
4.1 
Notes shall be registered in a CSD Account on behalf of the Noteholder, and accordingly no 
physical notes representing the Notes will be issued. 
4.2 
A request concerning the registration of a Note shall be made to an Account Operator. 
4.3 
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Note through a mandate, a pledge, 
regulations in the Code on Parents and Children (Föräldrabalken), conditions in a will or deed of 
gift or in some other way shall register her or his right in order to receive payment. 
4.4 
The Administrative Agent shall, for the purpose of carrying out its tasks in connection with the 
Conditions and, with the CSD’s permission, at all other times be entitled to obtain information from 
the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. 
4.5 
The Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in Clause Error! Reference source 
not found. only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in 
accordance with the Conditions and shall not disclose such information to the Issuer, a Noteholder 
or any third party unless necessary for such purposes. The Administrative Agent shall not be 
responsible for the content of such register that is referred to in Clause Error! Reference source 
not found. or in any other way be responsible for determining who is a Noteholder. 
4.6 
In order to comply with the Conditions for a Loan, the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, may, 
acting as a data controller, collect and process personal data. The processing is based on the Issuer’s 
or the Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective obligations under the 
Conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer 
than necessary given the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the Conditions, 
personal data may be shared with third parties, such as the CSD, which will process the personal 
data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right to know what personal 
data the Issuer and the Administrative Agent processes about them and may request the same in 
writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects 
have the right to request that personal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data 
provided by themselves in machine-readable format. Information about the Issuer’s and the 
Administrative Agent’s respective personal data processing can be found on their respective 
websites. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, payments in respect of 
Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK and payments in respect of Notes denominated 
in EUR shall be made in EUR.

--- Page 37 ---
35(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
5.2 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is registered as a 
Noteholder on the Record Date prior to such payment date, or to such other person who is registered 
with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or 
repurchase amount. 
5.3 
Where a Noteholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record that principal and interest are to 
be credited to a specific bank account, the payments will be made through the CSD on the relevant 
due dates. If no such instructions have been given, the CSD will send the amount on such dates to 
the Noteholder at the address registered on the Record Date with the CSD. If the due date in respect 
of a repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
amount will be credited to an account or made available to the payee on the next following Business 
Day (and in respect of interest, in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found. or 
Error! Reference source not found., as applicable). 
5.4 
If the CSD is unable to pay the amount in the manner stated above as a result of some delay on the 
part of the Issuer or because of some other obstacle, then, as soon as the obstacle has been removed, 
the Issuer shall ensure that the amount is paid by the CSD, as applicable, to the person registered as 
Noteholder on the Record Date. 
5.5 
If the Issuer is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the CSD in the manner stated above 
due to obstacles for the CSD, the Issuer shall have a right to postpone the obligation to pay until the 
obstacle has been removed. In such case, interest will be paid in accordance with Clause Error! 
Reference source not found.. 
5.6 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause Error! Reference source not 
found., the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective 
of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the 
Issuer or the CSD was aware that payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such 
amount.  
5.7 
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under Notes by virtue of any withholding tax 
(including but not limited to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto), public levy or the similar. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Fixed interest rate 
6.1.1 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘fixed interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan shall 
bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
6.1.2 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued during an Interest Period is 
calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a 
Business Day. Interest will however only accrue until the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.2 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
6.2.1 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘floating interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan 
shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
6.2.2 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued during an Interest Period is 
calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest

--- Page 38 ---
36(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Payment Date or by using such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate 
or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that 
is a Business Day. 
6.2.3 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the Administrative 
Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date as the Base Rate plus the Margin for such 
period . 
6.2.4 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of an obstacle such 
as is described in Clause Error! Reference source not found., the Loan shall continue to bear 
interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle 
has been removed the Administrative Agent shall calculate a new Interest Rate to apply from the 
second Business Day after the date of calculation until the end of the current Interest Period, 
adjusted for the application of Clause 14 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
6.2.5 
If the Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating interest rate 
shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
6.2.6 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘Interpolation’ as applicable to it, the Base Rate 
applicable to the interest paid on the first or last Interest Payment Date shall be subject to linear 
interpolation as set out in the Final Terms. 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of delay in payment relating to principal and/or interest, default interest shall be paid on 
the amount due from the maturity date up to and including the day on which payment is made, at an 
interest rate which corresponds to the average of one week’s EURIBOR (for Loans denominated in 
EUR), NIBOR (for Loans denominated in NOK) or STIBOR (for Loans denominated in SEK), 
applicable on the first Business Day in each calendar week during the period of delay plus two (2) 
percentage points. The default interest rate, in accordance with this Clause Error! Reference 
source not found., shall never be less than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on the 
relevant due date plus two (2) percentage points. Default interest is not compounded with the 
principal amount. 
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause Error! Reference source not found. 
on the part of the Issuing House(s) or the CSD, no default interest shall apply, in which case the 
interest rate which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date shall apply instead. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF NOTES 
8.1 
Redemption upon maturity 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date. Unless redeemed earlier in accordance with this Clause 
Error! Reference source not found., each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date in an 
amount equal to its Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any). If the 
Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day. 
8.2 
Repurchase of Notes by Group Companies 
Subject to applicable law and Clause 8.7 (in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Senior Preferred Notes), any Group Company, or other company forming part of the 
Issuer Consolidated Situation, may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market 
or otherwise, provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Notes held by a Group Company 
may be retained, resold or (if held by the Issuer) cancelled at such Group Company’s discretion.

--- Page 39 ---
37(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
8.3 
Voluntary early redemption of Senior Notes 
8.3.1 
The Final Terms for a Senior Loan may contain provisions which give the Issuer a right to redeem 
all or part of such Senior Loan, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any), prior to the 
Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such Final Terms. 
8.3.2 
Redemption in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found. shall be made by the 
Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days’ notice and not more than thirty (30) Business 
Days’ notice to the Noteholders, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The 
notice from the Issuer shall specify the date of redemption and also the Record Date on which a 
person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such date of redemption. 
The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer’s discretion, contain one or more conditions 
precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the 
Notes at the applicable amount on the specified date of redemption. 
8.4 
Mandatory repurchase of Senior Notes on a Change of Control Event 
8.4.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall in respect of a Senior 
Loan, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the 
Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause Error! Reference source not found. 
(after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its 
Senior Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount 
together with accrued but unpaid interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the 
occurrence of the Change of Control Event. 
8.4.2 
The notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a 
Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the date of redemption and shall include instructions 
about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wishes that its Senior Notes be repurchased. If 
a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the 
relevant Senior Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the date of redemption specified 
in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause Error! Reference source not found.. The date 
of redemption must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to 
in Clause Error! Reference source not found.. 
8.4.3 
Any Senior Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause Error! Reference source not 
found. may at the Issuer’s discretion be retained, cancelled or sold. 
8.4.4 
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Senior Notes pursuant to this Clause Error! 
Reference source not found., if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Event offers to purchase the Senior Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this 
Clause Error! Reference source not found. (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and 
purchases all Senior Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Senior Notes tendered 
are not purchased within the time period stipulated in this Clause Error! Reference source not 
found., the Issuer shall repurchase any such Senior Notes within five (5) Business Days after the 
expiry of the time period. 
8.5 
Early redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes 
8.5.1 
In respect of a Senior Preferred Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Subordinated Loan and subject 
to Clause 8.6.2, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) outstanding Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as applicable, on the date(s) (if 
any) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.5.2 
In respect of a Senior Preferred Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Subordinated Loan and subject 
to Clause8.6.2, if a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event, as applicable, occurs 
prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) outstanding

--- Page 40 ---
38(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes on any Interest Payment 
Date. 
8.5.3 
Any redemption in accordance with this Clause Error! Reference source not found. shall be made 
by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Notices). Any such notice is irrevocable (subject 
to Clause 8.6.2) and, upon expiry of the notice period, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes at a price per Note equal 
to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. The notice shall 
specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive such 
payment. 
8.6 
Variation or substitution instead of early redemption 
8.6.1 
In respect of a Senior Preferred Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Subordinated Loan and subject 
to Clause 8.6.2, if a Capital Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification Event, as applicable, 
occurs prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer may, at its option, instead of redeeming the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes on any Interest Payment Date 
in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found., having given not less than (10) 
Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not 
found. (Notices) (any such notice being irrevocable, subject to Clause 8.6.2) at any time either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, so that they remain or become (as appropriate) Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Notes or Subordinated Qualifying Notes, provided that 
such variation or substitution does not in itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.   
8.6.2 
In this Clause 8.6 the following definitions have the meaning ascribed below: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Notes” means notes issued directly by the Issuer following a 
substitution or variation that have terms not materially less favourable to investors, certified by the 
Issuer acting reasonably (having consulted with an independent investment bank or independent 
financial adviser of international standing), than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation), provided that they shall: 
(a) include a ranking at least equal to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes;  
(b) have at least the same Interest Rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those applying 
to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(c) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (although they need 
not contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition Error! Reference source not 
found.); 
(d) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid but which has not been cancelled in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of the relevant 
substitution or variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (or, if the date of substitution 
or variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement 
Date); 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (if any) immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(f) comply with the requirements for MREL Eligible Liabilities contained in the Applicable 
MREL Regulations. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were admitted to trading and listed on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
efforts to ensure that the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Notes are admitted to 
trading and listed on a Regulated Market within sixty (60) days from their issuance.

--- Page 41 ---
39(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
“Senior Preferred Qualifying Notes” means notes issued directly by the Issuer following a 
substitution or variation that have terms not materially less favourable to investors, certified by the 
Issuer acting reasonably (having consulted with an independent investment bank or independent 
financial adviser of international standing), than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation), provided that they shall: 
(a) include a ranking at least equal to the Senior Preferred Notes;  
(b) have at least the same Interest Rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those applying 
to the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(c) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes (although they need not 
contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition Error! Reference source not 
found.); 
(d) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid but which has not been cancelled in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of the relevant 
substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes (or, if the date of substitution or 
variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (if any) immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation of the 
Senior Preferred Notes; and 
(f) comply with the requirements for MREL Eligible Liabilities contained in the Applicable 
MREL Regulations. 
If the Senior Preferred Notes were admitted to trading and listed on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
efforts to ensure that the relevant Senior Preferred Qualifying Notes are admitted to trading and 
listed on a Regulated Market within sixty (60) days from their issuance. 
“Subordinated Qualifying Notes” means notes issued directly by the Issuer following a 
substitution or variation that have terms not materially less favourable to investors, certified by the 
Issuer acting reasonably (having consulted with an independent investment bank or independent 
financial adviser of international standing), than the terms of the Subordinated Notes (immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation), provided that they shall: 
(a) include a ranking at least equal to the Subordinated Notes;  
(b) have at least the same Interest Rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those applying 
to the Subordinated Notes; 
(c) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes (although they need not 
contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition Error! Reference source not 
found.); 
(d) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid but which has not been cancelled in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of the relevant substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes (or, if the date of substitution or variation falls before 
the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes (if any) immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation of 
the Subordinated Notes; and 
(f) comply with the requirements for Tier 2 Capital contained in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
If the Subordinated Notes were admitted to trading and listed on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
efforts to ensure that the relevant Subordinated Qualifying Notes are admitted to trading and 
listed on a Regulated Market within sixty (60) days from their issuance.

--- Page 42 ---
40(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
8.7 
Consent from the Swedish FSA 
The Issuer, or any other company forming part of the Issuer Consolidated Situation, may not redeem 
or purchase, or substitute or vary the terms of, as contemplated by this Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. (Redemption and repurchase of Notes), any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes prior to the Maturity Date without the prior written consent 
of the Swedish FSA or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) and in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations or Applicable MREL Regulations (as applicable). 
9. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
9.1 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer shall (i) not itself, (ii) procure that none of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) not demand that any 
other Group Company: 
(a) 
create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues or enter into any 
other preferential arrangement having a similar effect; or 
(b) 
provide any guarantee; 
for any obligation under present or future Debt Instruments (other than Covered Bonds) issued by 
the Issuer.  
9.2 
Programme Amount 
The Issuer may not issue further Notes under the Programme if, at the time, the Total Nominal 
Amount of all Loans outstanding under the Programme exceeds (or, as a result of such issue, will 
exceed) the Programme Amount. The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease the 
Programme Amount in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found.. 
9.3 
Mergers 
The Issuer shall not carry out a merger (fusion), other than a merger where the Issuer is the 
surviving entity.  
9.4 
Banking licence 
The Issuer shall maintain a licence to conduct banking and/or financing business (tillstånd att 
bedriva bankrörelse och/eller finansieringsrörelse) as required pursuant to the Swedish Banking 
and Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank och finansieringsrörelse) or any 
corresponding licence required pursuant to any legislation replacing the Swedish Banking and 
Financing Business Act. 
9.5 
Change of business 
If the Issuer is no longer required to maintain any licence pursuant to Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. (Banking licence), the Issuer shall not substantially change the general nature of 
its business from that conducted on the Issue Date.  
9.6 
Listing 
9.6.1 
If listing is applicable under the relevant Final Terms of a Loan, the Issuer shall use its best efforts 
to ensure that the Loan is admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market or, if such listing is 
not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market.

--- Page 43 ---
41(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
9.6.2 
Following the admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the 
admission to trading as long the relevant Loan is outstanding, but not longer than up to and 
including the last day on which the admission to trading can reasonably, pursuant to the then 
applicable regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist. 
9.7 
Information from the Issuer 
9.7.1 
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release 
and by publication on the website of the Issuer: 
 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five (5) months after the end 
of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year 
prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles; 
 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end 
of the second and fourth quarter of its financial year, its consolidated financial statements 
or the year-end report (bokslutskommuniké) (as applicable) for such period prepared in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles; and 
 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om 
värdepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which 
any Notes are admitted to trading. 
9.7.2 
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon becoming aware 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or an Event of Default. Such notice shall be made 
by way of a press release and may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Event and be conditional upon the occurrence thereof, if a definitive agreement is in place providing 
for such Change of Control Event. Should any Dealer not receive such information, it is entitled to 
assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that such 
Dealer does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. 
9.8 
Publication of Conditions 
The Conditions applicable for each Note outstanding shall be available on the website of the Issuer. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT IN RELATION TO SENIOR LOANS 
10.1 
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a request in writing from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a Senior 
Loan (such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered on the relevant CSD Account on 
the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the request was received by the 
Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be made jointly), or (ii) following a 
resolution by the Noteholders of a Senior Loan at a Noteholders’ Meeting, on behalf of the 
Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under 
such Senior Loan due and payable together with accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts 
payable under the Senior Loan, immediately or at such later date as the Administrative Agent or the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (if applicable) determines, if:  
 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the relevant Senior 
Loan, unless the non-payment: 
 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
 
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
 
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the Conditions of the 
relevant Senior Loan (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the 
non-compliance: 
 
is capable of remedy; and

--- Page 44 ---
42(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the Administrative Agent giving 
notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
 
the Conditions for the relevant Senior Loan becomes invalid or ineffective, in whole or in 
part (other than in accordance with the provisions of such Conditions), and such invalidity 
or ineffectiveness is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless vexatious or 
frivolous, disputed in good faith and discharged within forty (40) Business Days) is taken 
in relation to: 
 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution or 
administration of any Material Group Company; 
 
a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of any Material Group Company (other than the 
Noteholders); or 
 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of a Material Group 
Company or any of its assets, unless, in relation to a Material Group Company other than the Issuer, 
the liquidation is voluntary and not caused by such company’s Insolvency; 
 
a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, 
Insolvent;  
 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of a Material Group Company which is material to its 
business and not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days, or any Security over any 
asset of a Material Group Company which is material to its business is enforced; or 
 
any financial indebtedness (including for the avoidance of doubt, any financial 
indebtedness owed under guarantees) of a Material Group Company is not paid when due 
nor within any applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however 
described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (g) if the 
aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is less than the equivalent of 
SEK 50,000,000 or is owed to another Group Company. 
10.2 
The Administrative Agent may not accelerate Senior Notes in accordance with Clause Error! 
Reference source not found. by reference to a specific Event of Default if it has been decided at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). 
10.3 
If the Noteholders instruct the Administrative Agent to accelerate Senior Notes, the Administrative 
Agent shall promptly declare the Senior Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the 
opinion of the Administrative Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders under the Conditions.  
10.4 
In the event of an acceleration of Senior Notes in accordance with this Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. (Events of Default in relation to Senior Loans), the Issuer shall redeem all Senior 
Notes at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued 
but unpaid interest. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT IN RELATION TO SUBORDINATED LOANS, SENIOR NON-
PREFERRED LOANS AND SENIOR PREFERRED LOANS  
11.1 
The Administrative Agent shall (i) following a request in writing from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a 
Subordinated Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior Preferred Loan (such a request can only 
be made by Noteholders registered on the relevant CSD Account on the Business Day occurring 
immediately after the date that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if 
made by a number of Noteholders, be made jointly), or (ii) following a resolution by the 
Noteholders of a Subordinated Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior Preferred Loan at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes under such Subordinated Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior

--- Page 45 ---
43(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Preferred Loan due and payable together with accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts 
payable under the Subordinated Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior Preferred Loan 
immediately or at such later date as the Administrative Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (if 
applicable) determines, if: 
 
the Issuer enters into bankruptcy (konkurs); or 
 
the Issuer enters into liquidation (likvidation). 
11.2 
The Administrative Agent may not declare the relevant Subordinated Loan, Senior Non-Preferred 
Loan or Senior Preferred Loan due for payment in accordance with Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. by a reference to circumstances constituting an Event of Default if it is no longer 
continuing or if a Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved to waive such circumstances. 
11.3 
Except as set out in this Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Events of Default in relation 
to Subordinated Loans, Senior Non-Preferred Loans and Senior Preferred Loans), a Subordinated 
Loan, Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior Preferred Loan may not be declared due for payment by 
the Administrative Agent (or the Noteholders) prior to the Maturity Date (and irrespective of any 
breach by the Issuer of the Conditions for such Loan). 
12. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent may and shall, at the request of (i) another Issuing House with respect to 
a Loan, (ii) the Issuer or (iii) Noteholders that at the time of such request represent at least ten (10) 
per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under that Loan (such a request can only be made by 
Noteholders registered on the CSD Account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the 
date that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by a number of 
Noteholders, be made jointly) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan. 
12.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice of this to each 
Noteholder and the Issuer within five (5) Business Days of having received a request from an 
Issuing House, the Issuer or Noteholders as described in Clause Error! Reference source not 
found. (or a later date if this is required for technical or administrative reasons). The Administrative 
Agent shall also, without delay, inform each Issuing House in writing about such notice. 
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision has to be approved by any party in addition to the Noteholders and this party has notified 
the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The notice of the meeting described in Clause Error! Reference source not found. shall include (i) 
time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a 
person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) a 
form of power of attorney, and (v) the agenda for the meeting. The background and contents of each 
proposal as well as any applicable conditions and conditions precedent shall be set out in the notice 
in sufficient detail. If a proposal concerns an amendment to the Conditions, such proposed 
amendment must always be set out in precise detail. Only matters that have been included in the 
notice may be decided on at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders 
be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the 
notice. 
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held on a date that is between fifteen (15) and thirty (30) 
Business Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Loans 
under the Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
12.6 
Without deviating from the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such further provisions relating to the convention of and holding of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. Such provisions may include, among other things,

--- Page 46 ---
44(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
the possibility of Noteholders voting without attending the meeting in person or that electronic 
voting or a written procedure shall be used. 
12.7 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney in accordance with 
Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Right to act on behalf of Noteholders) by someone 
who is, a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at 
such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Loan 
Amount. The Administrative Agent has the right to attend, and shall in each case ensure that an 
extract from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD as at the Record Date for the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
The meeting shall be initiated by the appointment of a chairman. The Administrative Agent shall 
appoint the chairman and the secretary, unless the Noteholders’ Meeting decides differently. 
Representatives and advisors of the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing House(s) 
and the Issuer have the right to participate at the Noteholders’ Meeting, together with any other 
persons that the Noteholders’ Meeting decides. The Noteholders’ Meeting may decide that the 
Issuer and the representatives and advisors of the Issuer may only participate in a part or parts of the 
meeting. A transcript of the debt register (skuldbok) that is kept by the CSD and relevant for 
determining Noteholders eligible to exercise voting rights shall be available at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. The chairman shall compile a list of present Noteholders with voting rights that includes 
information on the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that each Noteholder represents (“voting 
list”). The voting list shall be approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders voting without 
attending the meeting in person, or Noteholders voting in case of a written procedure or by way of 
electronic voting shall for the purpose of the voting list be deemed to be present at the Noteholders’ 
meeting. Only such Noteholders and authorised persons (as applicable) as described in Clause 
Error! Reference source not found., shall be included in the voting list. The voting list shall be 
approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting.  
12.9 
The chairman shall ensure that minutes are kept at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall 
include notes as to the participants, the issues dealt with, the voting results and the decisions that 
were made. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman, the secretary and at least one person 
appointed at the Noteholders’ Meeting to approve the minutes and shall thereafter be delivered to 
the Administrative Agent. The minutes shall be available at the Issuer’s website as soon as possible 
and no later than five (5) Business Days after the Noteholders’ Meeting. New or revised General 
Terms and Conditions or Final Terms shall be appended to the minutes and sent to the CSD by the 
Administrative Agent or by any party appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
12.10 
In respect of a Subordinated Loan, a Senior Non-Preferred Loan or Senior Preferred Loan, the 
Noteholders may not resolve to make amendments to the Conditions if the Issuer, after consultation 
with the Swedish FSA or the Relevant Resolution Authority, considers that a change in the 
Conditions would be likely to result in the exclusion of the relevant Loan from the Tier 2 Capital or 
MREL Eligible Liability (as applicable) of the Issuer (an “Exclusion Event”). A resolution by the 
Noteholders to amend the Conditions is not valid if the Issuer, after consultation with the Swedish 
FSA or the Relevant Resolution Authority, considers that such amendment would be likely to result 
in an Exclusion Event. 
12.11 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least sixty-
seven (67) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
 
a postponement of the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, changes of terms 
relating to interest or amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with what is stated in 
the Conditions, including what follows from the application of Clause 14 (Replacement of 
Base Rate) and change in the specified currency of the Loan; 
 
a transfer or assignment by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under the Loan; 
 
a change to the terms of this Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Noteholders’ 
Meeting); and 
 
a mandatory exchange of Notes for other securities.

--- Page 47 ---
45(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
12.12 
Matters that are not covered by Clause Error! Reference source not found. require the approval of 
Noteholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for 
which Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, 
but is not limited to, early redemption of a Loan and changes to and waivers of rights related to the 
Conditions that do not require a greater majority (other than changes as described in Clause Error! 
Reference source not found. (Changes to terms, etc.)). 
12.13 
A Noteholders’ Meeting is quorate if Noteholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. and otherwise twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the 
relevant Loan are present at the meeting either in person or via an authorised representative, or in 
each case, as has been decided by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Clause Error! Reference 
source not found.. 
12.14 
If a Noteholders’ Meeting is not quorate the Administrative Agent shall convene a new 
Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found.) unless the 
relevant proposal has been withdrawn by the party or parties that initiated the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
The requirement of a quorum in Clause Error! Reference source not found. shall not apply at such 
new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for certain 
but not all matters which are to be decided on in the meeting, decisions shall be made in those 
matters for which a quorum is present whereas any other matters shall be referred to a new 
Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.15 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of the Issuer or an 
Issuing House under the Conditions shall also require the approval of the party concerned. 
12.16 
A Noteholder that holds more than one Note is not required to vote for all the Notes it holds and is 
not required to vote in the same way for all the Notes it holds. 
12.17 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to payment being made to any 
Noteholder in order that this Noteholder will give its approval under the Conditions unless such 
payment is offered to all Noteholders that give their approval at a relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.18 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting is binding on all Noteholders under the relevant Loan 
irrespective of whether they are represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders that do not 
vote for a decision shall not be liable for losses that the decision causes to other Noteholders. 
12.19 
The Administrative Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a Noteholders’ Meeting, 
including reasonable payment to the Administrative Agent, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
12.20 
At the Administrative Agent’s request, the Issuer shall without delay provide the Administrative 
Agent with a certificate stating the Nominal Amount for Notes held by Group Companies and 
Affiliates on the relevant Record Date prior to a Noteholders’ Meeting, irrespective of whether such 
entities are registered by name as Noteholders of Notes. The Administrative Agent shall not be 
responsible for the content of such a certificate or otherwise be responsible for establishing whether 
a Note is held by a Group Company. 
12.21 
Information on decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be notified without delay to the 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan in accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not 
found. (Notices). At the request of a Noteholder the Administrative Agent shall provide the 
Noteholder with minutes of the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. However, failure to notify the 
Noteholders as described above shall not affect the validity of the decision. 
13. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF NOTEHOLDERS 
13.1 
If a party other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise a Noteholder’s rights under the Conditions or 
to vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, such person shall be able to produce a proxy form or other 
authorisation document issued by the Noteholder or a chain of such proxy forms and/or 
authorisation documents from the Noteholder.

--- Page 48 ---
46(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
13.2 
A Noteholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in respect of certain or 
all Notes held by the Noteholder. Such authorised party may act independently. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
14.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 14.2 below has occurred, the Issuer shall, in 
consultation with the Administrative Agent, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, 
determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine 
upon necessary administrative, technical and operative amendments to the Conditions in order to 
apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Administrative Agent is not 
obligated to participate in such consultation or determination as described above. Should the 
Administrative Agent not participate in such consultation or determination, the Issuer shall, at the 
Issuer’s expense, as soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as 
soon as reasonably possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall 
become effective with effect from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest 
Period, always subject to any technical limitations of CSD and any calculation methods applicable 
to such Successor Base Rate. 
14.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base Rate Event”):  
 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the 
Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered;  
 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate; 
 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise 
become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan); 
 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR and NIBOR, from the equivalent 
entity with insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the 
information referred to in (b) above; or 
 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
14.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Issuer may (but is not obligated to), if it is possible at 
such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Administrative Agent, or through the appointment of an Independent Adviser, 
initiate the procedure as described in Clause 14.1 to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the

--- Page 49 ---
47(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change to the Successor Base Rate at an 
earlier time. 
14.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition has 
occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment 
Spread have been finally decided but due to technical limitations of CSD, cannot be applied in 
relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments described 
in this Clause 14 Replacement of Base Rate prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, but without success. 
14.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming 
effective, the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the Issuer in consultation with 
the Administrative Agent, or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and any other amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent 
and CSD in accordance with Clause 15 (Notices). The notice shall also include information about 
the effective date of the amendments. If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market the 
Issuer shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange.  
14.6 
The Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent, that carries out measures in accordance 
with this Clause 14 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by any 
determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final decision 
of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Conditions, 
unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Independent Adviser and 
the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
14.7 
No amendments to the Base Rate or other amendments to the Conditions pursuant to this Clause 14 
Replacement of Base Rate shall be made if, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of any Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital or 
any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
14.8 
In this Clause 14 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(a) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the Base 
Rate; or 
(b) 
if (a) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Issuer in consultation with the Arranger 
or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to eliminate, to the 
extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another as a result of a 
replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt capital market 
transactions. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation 
to STIBOR, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) in relation to NIBOR and European Money

--- Page 50 ---
48(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR or any person replacing it as administrator of 
the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out 
in Clause 14.2(b) to 14.2(e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of 
them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Finansiella stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means:  
(a) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure and 
calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as the 
Notes, which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by 
a Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Issuer in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable to 
the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
15. 
CHANGES TO TERMS, ETC. 
15.1 
The Issuer and the Dealers are entitled to agree on: 
(a) 
adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error in these General Terms and Conditions; 
and 
(b) 
changes and amendments to these General Terms and Conditions as required by law, court 
order or official decision. 
15.2 
The Issuer and the Administrative Agent are entitled to agree on: 
 
adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error in the Final Terms of a specific Loan; 
and 
 
changes and amendments to the Final Terms of a specific Loan as required by law, court 
order or official decision.  
15.3 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease the Programme Amount. 
15.4 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer and the dealer in question and the 
Dealers. A Dealer may step down as a Dealer, but an Administrative Agent in respect of a specific 
Loan may not step down unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place. 
15.5 
The Issuer and the Administrative Agent or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of 
the Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Conditions in accordance with what is 
described in Clause 14 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be binding on those 
covered by the Conditions. 
15.6 
Amendments to or concession of Conditions in cases other than as set out in Clauses Error! 
Reference source not found.–Error! Reference source not found. shall take place through a 
decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in Clause 10 (Noteholders’ Meeting).

--- Page 51 ---
49(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
15.7 
Approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the objective 
content of the amendment and need not contain the specific wording of the amendment. 
15.8 
A decision on an amendment to the terms shall also include a decision on when the amendment is to 
take effect. However, an amendment shall not take effect until it has been registered with the CSD 
(where relevant) and published on the Issuer’s website. 
15.9 
The amendment or concession of terms as described in this Clause Error! Reference source not 
found. (Changes to terms, etc.) shall be promptly notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Notices). 
16. 
PRESCRIPTION 
16.1 
Claims for the repayment of principal shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed and become void three (3) 
years after the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer shall be entitled to keep 
any funds that may have been reserved for such payments. 
16.2 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
(preskriptionslagen (1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten (10) years will commence for 
claims in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both 
cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act 
concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
17. 
NOTICES 
17.1 
Notices shall be provided to Noteholders for the relevant Loan at the address registered with the 
CSD on the Record Date before dispatch and, in respect of Notes denominated in NOK, by the VPS 
to the Noteholders in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the VPS Rules. A 
notice to the Noteholders shall also be published by means of a press release and published on the 
Issuer’s website. 
17.2 
Notices to the Issuer or the Dealers shall be provided at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day before dispatch. 
17.3 
A notice to the Issuer or Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions that is sent by standard post 
shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and 
notices sent by courier shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient when delivered to the 
specified address. 
17.4 
In the event that a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Noteholder the effectiveness of notices to 
other Noteholders shall be unaffected. 
18. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
18.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers or the CSD, respectively, the Dealers and 
the CSD shall not be held liable for any losses arising out of any Swedish or foreign legal 
enactment, or any measure undertaken by a Swedish or foreign public authority, or war, strike, 
blockade, boycott, lockout or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, 
blockades, boycotts and lockouts applies even if the party concerned itself takes such measures or is 
subject to such measures. 
18.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer or the CSD if the relevant entity 
has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses.

--- Page 52 ---
50(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
18.3 
Should a Dealer or the CSD not be able to fulfil its obligations under these Conditions due to any 
circumstance set out in Clause Error! Reference source not found., such action may be postponed 
until the obstacle has been removed. 
18.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act. 
19. 
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION 
19.1 
The Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 
19.2 
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) shall 
be the court of first instance. 
 
 
We hereby confirm that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
24 May 2023 
NORDAX BANK AB (publ)

--- Page 53 ---
51(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
for [Senior Loan]/[Subordinated Loan]/[Senior Preferred Loan]/[Senior Non-Preferred 
Loan] No. [●] 
under Nordax Bank AB (publ)’s Swedish medium term note programme 
 
The following are the final terms and conditions (“Final Terms”) of [Senior Loan]/[Subordinated Loan]/[Senior 
Preferred Loan]/[Senior Non-Preferred Loan] No. [●], (the “Loan”) that Nordax Bank AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) 
issues in the capital market. 
The Loan shall be subject to the general terms and conditions dated 24 May 2023 (the “General Terms and 
Conditions”) set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus for the issuance of medium term notes, dated 24 May 2023 
(the “Base Prospectus”) [as supplemented on [●]], and the Final Terms set out below. Words and expressions not 
defined in the Final Terms shall have the meaning set out in the General Terms and Conditions. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Loan is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus, and an investor in the Notes should therefore carefully 
read these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any supplements. These documents are available via 
www.nordaxgroup.com. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [•] whereby the total Nominal Amount is increased by [•] from 
[•] to [•]]. 
Terms and conditions for the Loan 
1. 
Loan no: 
(i) Tranche: 
[•] 
[•] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount 
(i) for the Loan in total: 
(ii) for the tranche: 
[for earlier tranches:] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[[•]] 
3. 
Nominal Amount per Note: 
[•] [Not less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent.] 
4. 
Price per Note: 
[•]% of the Nominal Amount per Note [plus accrued 
interest from and including [•]] 
5. 
Currency: 
[EUR]/[SEK]/[NOK] 
6. 
Trade Date:  
[•] 
7.  
Issue Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify other Interest Commencement Date] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
10. 
Status: 
[Senior Loan] [Senior Preferred] [Senior Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated Loan] 
[The risk factors under the heading “Specific risks relating 
to Subordinated Notes” in the Base Prospectus apply.] 
11. 
Voluntary redemption of Notes by 
the Issuer (Senior Notes): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
 
The Issuer may redeem all, or some only, of the outstanding 
Notes:

--- Page 54 ---
52(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first Business Day 
falling [●] ([●])[months/days] after the Issue Date] / [●] to, 
but excluding, [the Maturity Date] / [●] at an amount per 
Note equal to [●] per cent of the Nominal Amount, together 
with accrued but unpaid interest;][and/or] 
[[(i)]/[(ii)] at any time from and including the first Business 
Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to the Maturity 
Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, at an amount 
equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with 
accrued but unpaid interest]] 
12. 
Voluntary redemption of Notes by 
the Issuer (Senior Preferred, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
[The Issuer has the right to redeem all of the outstanding 
Notes [on [●]] [during the time period from  [●] to  [●]] 
[and thereafter on each Interest Payment Date], provided 
that the conditions set out in Clause Error! Reference 
source not found. are met]. 
The Issuer [further] has the right to redeem all of the 
outstanding Notes provided that the conditions set out in 
Clause Error! Reference source not found. are met. 
13. 
Type of interest rate: 
[Fixed interest rate]/[Floating interest rate (FRN)] 
 
14. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with fixed interest rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from but excluding [•] to and 
including [•], and thereafter from but excluding one Interest 
Payment Date to and including the next Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(iv) Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/ [•] 
 
15. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with floating interest rate 
(FRN): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Interest Base: 
[•] month(s) [EURIBOR]/[STIBOR/[NIBOR]] 
 
(ii) Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
 
(iii) Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period, beginning on [•] 
 
(iv) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from but excluding [•] to and 
including [•], and thereafter from but excluding one Interest 
Payment Date to and including the next Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(v) Interpolation: 
[Not applicable]/[The Interest Base applicable to the 
interest paid on the [first]/[last] Interest Payment Date shall 
be subject to linear interpolation between [•] month(s) 
[EURIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] and [•] month(s) 
[EURIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR]] 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 55 ---
53(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
 
(vii) Day Count Convention: 
[Actual/360]/ [•] 
 
Other information 
16. 
Expected credit rating for Loan (on 
the Issue Date): 
[Not applicable]/[•] 
17. 
Issuing House(s): 
[Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, 
Sverige 
Filial]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/ 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)]/[Swedbank 
AB (publ)]/[ ] [If only one tranche, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) for the tranche: 
[Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, 
Sverige 
Filial]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp] 
/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)]/[Swedbank 
AB (publ)/[ ] 
 
[for earlier tranches:] 
[Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, 
Sverige 
Filial]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/ 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)]/[Swedbank 
AB (publ)] 
18. 
Administrative Agent: 
[Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, 
Sverige 
Filial]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/ 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)]/[Swedbank 
AB (publ)] 
19. 
ISIN code: 
[•] 
20. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
(i) Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[Other Regulated Market] 
 
(ii) The estimated earliest date on 
which the Notes will be admitted to 
trading: 
[Specify details]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate of the total costs and 
expenses related to the admission to 
trading: 
[Specify details]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Total number of Notes admitted 
to trading: 
[•] 
21. 
Resolutions as basis for the 
issuance: 
[Specify details]/[Not applicable] 
[If a resolution covering issuances under the MTN 
programme is described in the Base Prospectus, and the 
relevant issue is covered by such resolution, the option 
“Not applicable” shall be selected.] 
22. 
Interests: 
[Specify details]/[Not applicable] 
[If applicable, describe interests of individuals and legal 
entities involved in the issuance as well as a record of all 
interests and possible conflicts of interests of importance to 
the issuance together with records of those involved and the 
nature of the interest.] 
23. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information in these Final Terms originating from a third 
party has been reproduced accurately and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted

--- Page 56 ---
54(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The sources for such information are 
[•].]/[Not applicable] 
24. 
Use of proceeds: 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business 
activities] [Specify details] 
25. 
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR/SEK/NOK] [•] less customary transaction costs and 
fees. 
 
We hereby confirm that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan No. [•] together with the General Terms and 
Conditions and undertake to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. We confirm that any 
material event after the date of the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Loan and the 
Company have been made public. 
Stockholm, [•] 
NORDAX BANK AB (publ)]

--- Page 57 ---
55(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
DESCRIPTION OF NORDAX 
General information about Nordax 
The Issuer 
The Issuer, Nordax Bank AB (publ)3 with Swedish corporate registration number 556647-7286 and Legal Entity 
Identifier Code 21380057HUGFEAF25W84, was incorporated in Sweden on 15 July 2003 and registered with the 
Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 26 August 2003. The Issuer’s registered office is 
located at Gävlegatan 22 in Stockholm. The Issuer is a public limited liability banking company (publikt 
bankaktiebolag). 
The Issuer’s website is www.nordax.com. The information on the website is not a part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Under its current Articles of Association, the Issuer’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 50,000,000 and not 
more than SEK 200,000,000, divided into not fewer than 50,000,000 shares and not more than 200,000,000 shares. 
The Issuer has only one class of shares. The Issuer’s registered share capital is SEK 72,676,783 represented by 
72,676,783 shares. 
Regulatory history of the Issuer 
On 27 January 2004, the Issuer was granted a licence as a credit market company (kreditmarknadsbolag) to 
conduct financing business under the Swedish Financing Business Act (lag (1992:1610) om 
finansieringsverksamhet), subsequently replaced by the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (lag 
(2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse). On 5 December 2014, the Issuer was granted a licence to conduct 
banking business under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
Main activities of Nordax  
The Group’s operations are primarily carried out through Nordax Bank and the Branch. 
Nordax Bank 
Nordax Bank is a specialist bank targeting the markets in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Germany, and offering 
personal loans and savings products on a cross-border basis from Sweden. Important parts of the business model 
are a centralised platform, expertise in targeted marketing, data-driven credit underwriting and a diversified 
funding platform. 
As of 31 December 2022, Nordax Bank’s lending to the public amounted to SEK 88,756 million and deposits 
amounted to SEK 77,104 million. Lending growth has been organic and steady since 2011 growing from 
SEK 6.6bn at the end of 2011 with an average compound annual growth rate of 17 per cent until the end of 2020. 
Since May 2018 and March 2019, Nordax Bank also offers mortgage loans in Sweden and Norway. On 15 January 
2019, Nordax Bank completed the acquisition of Svensk Hypotekspension AB (“SHP”) which is one of few that 
offers equity release mortgages in Sweden. 
Nordax Bank offers large personal loans to individuals who, based on the absence of historical losses, are deemed 
to pose a low risk and have high creditworthiness. The loan customers are typically middle-aged with incomes 
above or in-line with the national average for household incomes. They are also close to or above the national 
averages for home ownership and do not have a record of non-payment. The Issuer also offers savings products in 
Sweden, Norway, Finland, Germany and the Netherlands covered by the Swedish state deposit insurance scheme. 
Nordax Bank’s mortgage offer is targeted towards a niche of the mortgage market which is primarily customers 
with an employment form other than a traditional full-time position e.g. part-time workers, self-employed persons, 
freelancers etc. Other target groups are individuals with limited credit history or people who have a payment 
remark. All groups are individuals who might have problems being granted a mortgage loan from a full-service 
bank and the offer comes with a higher interest rate than a regular mortgage in such bank.  
Nordax Bank offers equity release mortgages through its subsidiary SHP. Equity release mortgages allow retirees 
to release equity from properties with a significant over-value. The equity release mortgage is life-long and non-
 
3 Nordax Bank AB has initiated a process to change its company name to NOBA Bank Group AB (publ). The name change is a part of the 
process of establishing a new group name that gathers all three existing brands, Bank Norwegian and Nordax Bank, as well as Svensk 
Hypotekspension under a common group name – NOBA. The name change was approved by the General Meeting of Nordax Bank AB on 8 
March 2023 and by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) on 27 April 2023. The registration with the 
Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) is expected to take place during Q2 2023.

--- Page 58 ---
56(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
amortising. All interest is capitalised during the life of the loan and repaid together with the principal and at time 
of the repayment, usually when the borrowers either sell their property or decease. All customers benefit from a 
‘No negative equity guarantee’, which guarantees that the borrower can never owe a loan amount higher than the 
market value of their home, or interest payments during the life of the loan. SHP is licensed as a mortgage credit 
company by the Swedish FSA. 
The Branch 
Following a voluntary offer to the shareholders of Bank Norwegian and the commencement of a compulsory 
redemption procedure, since 3 November 2021, Nordax became the owner of 100 per cent of the shares in Bank 
Norwegian. On 30 November 2022, Bank Norwegian and Nordax Bank were consolidated through a legal merger 
(with Nordax Bank as the surviving entity) and Bank Norwegian’s business is continued through a Norwegian 
Branch of Nordax Bank. 
Prior to the merger, the Bank Norwegian group consisted of Bank Norwegian and Lilienthal Finance Ltd. Lilienthal 
Finance Ltd was a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank Norwegian, and was acquired in 2018 as part of Bank 
Norwegian’s plans to expand its operations into the European consumer finance market. Following the merger, 
Lilienthal Finance Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordax Bank. 
The Branch offers banking services in the form of consumer loans, credit cards and deposits to retail customers in 
the Nordic market. The operations in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany and Spain are established through 
cross-border operations by the Branch. The Branch also offers insurance products together with selected partners.  
The Branch is a fully digital bank and offers standardised deposits and lending products online. 
As of 31 December 2022, the number of full-time employees of the Group was 592 of which SHP had 18 
employees. 
Legal structure of the Group 
The Issuer is part of a corporate group in which Nordax Holding AB (publ)4 (“Nordax Holding”) is the ultimate 
parent. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the holding company Nordax Group AB (publ) (“Nordax 
Group”), which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the holding company Nordax Holding. The object of the 
two holding companies’ business is to own and manage securities and to conduct other business compatible 
therewith. The Group operates through the Issuer, the Issuer’s funding subsidiaries (as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus three subsidiaries), its subsidiary Svensk Hypotekspension AB (“SHP”) and SHP’s funding 
subsidiaries (as of the date of this Base Prospectus four subsidiaries), its subsidiary Lilienthal Finance Ltd, and the 
Issuer’s Norwegian branch. In December 2019, Nordax acquired approximately 9 per cent of the mortgage 
institution Stabelo. 
As part of the Issuer’s current funding strategy, consumer loans and equity release mortgages are continuously 
transferred from the Issuer and SHP to their respective funding subsidiaries and pledged as security for bilateral 
warehouse facilities or asset-backed securities. 
 
4 A Swedish public limited liability company with reg.no. 559097-5743 and with registered address P.O. Box 23124, SE – 104 35 Stockholm, 
Sweden (previously NDX Intressenter AB).

--- Page 59 ---
57(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Legal structure of the Group and the holding companies (as per the date of this Base Prospectus): 
 
   
Owners 
In February 2018, Nordic Capital Fund VIII5 (“Nordic Capital”) and Sampo plc6 (“Sampo”), through Nordax 
Holding, announced a recommended mandatory public cash offer to the shareholders in Nordax Group to acquire 
all outstanding shares in Nordax Group. After the expiry of the acceptance period and a compulsory redemption 
of certain remaining shares, Nordax Holding holds 100 per cent of the shares and votes in Nordax Group. Nordax 
Group’s shares were delisted from Nasdaq Stockholm, the last day of trading being 24 April 2018. In connection 
with the Issuer’s acquisition of Bank Norwegian, Nordic Capital Fund IX7 invested in the Group and is 
consequently an indirect shareholder of the Group alongside Nordic Capital Fund VIII and Sampo. 
The Issuer and its shareholders each comply with applicable rules and regulation (such as the Swedish Companies 
Act) to ensure that the control over the Issuer is not abused. In order to prevent shareholders from abusing power 
due to the ownership structure and control of the Issuer, the Issuer has also adopted a policy regarding closely 
related party transactions. 
Relevant legislation 
The Issuer is a public limited liability banking company and as such regulated by the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and its articles of association. As a banking company, the Issuer is subject to the 
supervision of the Swedish FSA and regulated by inter alia by the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act, 
the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (lag (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti) and the Swedish Insurance 
Distribution Act (lag (2018:1219) om försäkringsdistribution).The Issuer is further regulated by the CRR II, the 
Swedish Supervision of Credit and Investment Firms Act (lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över kreditinstitut 
och värdepappersbolag) and the Swedish Act on Capital Buffers (lag 2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar) which 
 
5 “Nordic Capital Fund VIII” refers to Nordic Capital VIII Limited, a limited liability company established in accordance with the laws of 
Jersey, having its registered office at 26 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 3QA, Channel Islands, acting in its capacity as General Partner of 
Nordic Capital VIII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VIII Beta, L.P. “Nordic Capital” refers to Nordic Capital Fund VIII and/or any or all of its 
predecessor or successor funds or continuation vehicles (depending on the context).  
6 “Sampo” refers to Sampo plc, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with reg. no. 0142213-3 and registered 
address at Fabianinkatu 27, 00100 Helsinki.  
7 “Nordic Capital Fund IX” refers to Nordic Capital IX Limited, a limited liability company established in accordance with the laws of 
Jersey, having its registered office at 26 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 3QA, Channel Islands, acting in its capacity as General Partner of 
Nordic Capital IX Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital IX Beta, L.P.

--- Page 60 ---
58(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
implements CRD IV. The capital adequacy requirements are measured both on the level of the Issuer and on the 
consolidated situation which the Issuer reports to the Swedish FSA, consisting, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, of Nordax Holding AB (publ), Nordax Group AB (publ), the Issuer, NOBA Sverige AB, Nordax 
Sverige 5 AB (publ), Nordax Sweden Mortgages 1 AB (publ), Lilienthal Finance Ltd., Svensk Hypotekspension 
AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 2 AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 3 AB (publ), Svensk Hypotekspension 
Fond 4 AB (publ) and Svensk Hypotekspension 5 AB (publ).  
In addition to laws and official regulations, the Issuer has a number of internal governing documents that govern 
the day-to-day management of the company. These are adopted by the board of directors or the CEO and include 
inter alia the rules of procedures for the board of directors, instructions for the CEO, the governance and 
enterprise risk management policy, the credit policies and instructions, the remuneration policy, the outsourcing 
policy, the financial risk policy, the liquidity contingency plan, the complaints management policy, the financial 
crime policy and the information security policy. 
Board of directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of eight ordinary members. The table below sets out the name and 
current position of each board member. 
Name  
Position  
Appointed 
Hans-Ole Jochumsen 
Chairman  
2018 
Christopher Ekdahl 
Member  
2018 
Henrik Källén 
Member  
2018 
Christian Frick 
Member 
2018 
Ville Talasmäki 
Member  
2018 
Ricard Wennerklint 
Member 
2020 
Daniella Bertlin 
Member, employee representative 
2022 
Ragnhild Wiborg 
Member 
2023 
Hans-Ole Jochumsen 
Born 1957 in Denmark. Chairman of the Board. 
Principal education: MSc in Economics, Copenhagen University, Denmark 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Nykredit A/S and Nykredit Realkredit A/S. Senior 
Advisor in the company Alkymi.io, member of the Advisory Board of Concordium AG and Industrial Advisor in 
Airfinity Ltd (UK). 
Christopher Ekdahl 
Born 1980 in Sweden. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: MSc in Engineering Physics, Lund University, Sweden and École Centrale Paris, France. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Principal in NC Advisory AB, adviser to the Nordic Capital Funds. 
Board member of Stabelo Group AB. 
Henrik Källén 
Born in 1968 in Sweden. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Master of Laws (LL.M), Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Zensum AB. Board member of inter alia 
DPOrganizer AB, and MM Holding AB. Industrial advisor through own company Kallen Advisory AB. 
Christian Frick 
Born in 1976 in Sweden. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: MSc in Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of Economics and the 
Stockholm University School of Business, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Partner in NC Advisory AB, adviser to Nordic Capitals funds. Board 
member of MM Holding AB. 
Ville Talasmäki 
Born in 1975 in Finland. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: MSc in Economics and Business Administration, Turku School of Economics and 
Business Administration, Finland and Warwick Business School, England. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chief Investment Officer, Mandatum Asset Management.

--- Page 61 ---
59(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Ricard Wennerklint 
Born in 1969 in Sweden. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Business Administration and Finance, Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chief of Strategy/Group Executive Vice President at Sampo plc, 
Sampo Abp filial i Sverige and member of the Sampo Group Executive Committee. Chairman of the board of 
Topdanmark A/S, Denmark and Hastings Group Holdings Limited, UK. Board member of If P&C Insurance 
Holding Ltd and Mandatum Holding Ltd. 
Daniella Bertlin 
Born in 1999 in Sweden. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Process Developer Payments, Nordax Bank. 
Ragnhild Wiborg 
Born 1961. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Science in Economics, major in International Business, Stockholm School of 
Economics, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Energia AS, Cerebrum Invest AS and board 
member of Intrum AB, Rana Gruber ASA, Kistefos AS, Jesem AS and Brunsbica AS. 
 
Senior Management team 
Name  
Position  
Jacob Lundblad 
Chief Executive Officer 
Merete Eikeseth Gillund 
Branch Manager and Head of Innovation and Strategic Projects - Norwegian 
Branch 
Markus Kirsten 
Director of Credit Risk and Analytics 
Malin Frick 
Head of HR 
Hanna Belander 
Chief Marketing Officer Nordax 
Fredrik Mundal 
Chief Marketing Officer Norwegian Branch 
Malin Jönsson 
Chief Operating Officer Nordax 
Tore Andresen 
Chief Operating Officer Bank Norwegian 
Patrick MacArthur 
Chief Financial Officer 
Kristina Tham Nordlind 
Chief Legal Counsel 
Adam Wiman 
Chief Information Officer 
Olof Mankert 
Chief Risk Officer (adjunct member of senior management team) 
Jacob Lundblad 
Born 1978 in Sweden. CEO since 2017. 
Principal education: Degree of Master in Business Administration, Degree of Bachelor of Business Law, 
School of Economics and Management, Lund University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member, and CEO of, Nordax Sverige 5 AB (publ) and Nordax 
Sweden Mortgages I AB (publ). Chairman of the board of Svensk Hypotekspension AB, Svensk 
Hypotekspension Fond 2 AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 3 AB (publ), Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 4 AB 
(publ) and Svensk Hypotekspension 5 AB (publ). Board member of NOBA Sverige AB. External CEO of 
Nordax Group AB and Nordax Holding AB (publ). 
Merete Eikeseth Gillund  
Born 1969 in Norway. Branch Manager and Head of Innovation and Strategic Projects - Norwegian Branch 
since 1 April 2023 (Head of Innovation and Strategic Projects 2022-2023, Bank Norwegian Head of New 
Markets 2020- 2022, Bank Norwegian CIO 2008 – 2020). 
Principal education: Master of science in information technology, University of Stavanger, Norway. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Board in Månestråle Invest AS. 
Markus Kirsten 
Born 1982 in Sweden. Director of Credit Risk and Analytics since 2019. 
Principal education: Degree of Master in Computer Science from Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm

--- Page 62 ---
60(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Sweden with exchange studies in mathematics from Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai, India  
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Molnify AB. Board member of WhyWaste 
AB, Nordic Mountain Equity AB, Vunder HoldCo AB, Kirsten Holding AB and Kirsten Development AB.  
Malin Frick 
Born 1986 in Sweden, Head of HR since 2014 (HR Coordinator 2012-2014). 
Principal education: Philosophy Bachelor's Degree in Human Resource Management and Development, 
Linköping University, Sweden, further studies in Business and Leadership at Swinburne University, Melbourne, 
Australia. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Hanna Belander 
Born 1977 in Sweden. Chief Marketing Officer Nordax since 2020. 
Principal education: Master’s Degree in Media & Communication, Jönköping University, Sweden.  
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Fredrik Mundal 
Born 1976 in Norway. Chief Marketing Officer Norwegian Branch since 2022 (Bank Norwegian Head of 
Marketing and Customer Service 2016-2022). 
Principal education: Bachelor's Degree in business administration and IT, University of Agder, Norway. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Malin Jönsson 
Born 1971 in Sweden. Chief Operating Officer Nordax since 2018 (Operations Director 2016-2018). 
Principal education: Master's Degree in International Economics, Linköping University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member of Nordax Sweden Mortgages I AB (publ), Svensk 
Hypotekspension AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 2 AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 3 AB (publ), Svensk 
Hypotekspension Fond 4 AB (publ) and Svensk Hypotekspension 5 AB (publ). 
Tore Andresen 
Born 1965 in Norway. Chief Operating Officer Norwegian Branch since 2009. 
Principal education: Associate Degree in business administration, Norwegian School of Economics, Bergen, 
Norway.  
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Valorem Invest AS and board member of 
Agera Venture 1 AS. 
Patrick MacArthur 
Born 1980 in Sweden. Chief Financial Officer since 2018. 
Principal education: MSc in Business Administration, School of Economics in Stockholm and Master of Laws 
(LL.M), Lund University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the board of NOBA Sverige AB, Nordax Sverige 5 AB 
(publ) and Nordax Sweden Mortgages I AB (publ). Board member of Svensk Hypotekspension AB, Svensk 
Hypotekspension Fond 2 AB, Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 3 AB (publ), Svensk Hypotekspension Fond 4 AB 
(publ) and Svensk Hypotekspension 5 AB (publ). 
Kristina Tham Nordlind 
Born 1972 in Sweden. Chief Legal Counsel since 2007. 
Principal education: Master of Laws (LL.M), Stockholm University, Sweden and Diplôme d’Etudes 
Universitaires Générales (droit), Université du Havre, France. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Adam Wiman 
Born 1986 in Sweden. Chief Information Officer since 2019. 
Principal education: Master of Science, Engineering Physic, Faculty of Engineering at Lund University (LTH), 
Sweden (including exchange semester at University of Illinois Urbana Champaign, USA) 
Other on-going principal assignments: -

--- Page 63 ---
61(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
Olof Mankert 
Born 1979 in Sweden. Chief Risk Officer since 2016. 
Principal education: Master of Laws (LL.M), Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Other on-going principal assignments: - 
Additional information on the board and the management team 
Business address 
The office address of the board of directors and the management team is the registered office of the Issuer.  
Conflicts of interest 
Ricard Wennerklint is a board member of If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd and Mandatum Holding Ltd and a 
member of the Sampo Group Executive Committee, and Ville Talasmäki is the Chief Investment Officer of 
Mandatum Asset Management. If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd and/or and Mandatum Holding Ltd (or its respective 
subsidiaries) may from time to time invest in MTNs issued under the Programme and Sampo Group is a 
shareholder in Nordax. These assignments could under certain circumstances potentially impose a conflict of 
interest in relation to Ricard Wennerklint and Ville Talasmäki being board members in the Issuer. 
Henrik Källén and Christian Frick will not participate in the board of director's decisions in any questions 
concerning Consector AB as a consequence of their board assignments in MM Holding AB. 
Other than described above, no conflicts of interest exist between the private interests and other duties of the board 
members or the management team and their duties towards the Issuer. 
Auditors 
At the 2022 Annual General Meeting, Deloitte AB (Rehnsgatan 11, 113 57 Stockholm, Sweden) was re-elected 
auditor of the Issuer for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. Malin Lüning, born 1980, 
is the Auditor-in-Charge and is a Chartered Accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for 
accountants in Sweden. Deloitte AB audited the Issuer’s annual reports for 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 
2022.

--- Page 64 ---
62(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Swedish FSA approval 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish FSA as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Swedish FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. The Swedish FSA’s approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer on 
23 April 2019. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The board of directors of the Issuer is, to the extent 
provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of 
its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as part 
of this Base Prospectus: 
The Issuer’s annual report for 2021 
(https://mb.cision.com/Main/7708/3555631/1570925.pdf) 
as 
regards 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
information and the audit report page 35 for income 
statement, page 37 for balance sheet, page 38 for cash 
flow statement, page 40 for changes in equity capital, 
pages 42-88 for notes and pages 92-95 for the audit 
report. 
The Issuer’s annual report for 2022 
(https://mb.cision.com/Main/7708/3758131/2011680.pdf ) 
as 
regards 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
information and the audit report page 46 for income 
statement, page 50 for balance sheet, page 51 for cash 
flow statement, page 53 for changes in equity capital, 
pages 55-108 for notes and pages 112-115 for the audit 
report. 
The Issuer’s interim report for the first quarter of 
2023 
(https://mb.cision.com/Main/7708/3773767/2078449.pdf) 
as regards the consolidated financial information on 
page 9 for income statement, page 11 for balance 
sheet, page 12 for cash flow statement, page 13 for 
changes in equity capital and pages 15-39 for notes. 
The Issuer’s base prospectus from 7 December 2021 
(https://www.nordaxgroup.com/siteassets/documents/bond-
prospectus-reports/nordax-bank-ab-mtn-base-prospectus-2021-12-
07.pdf) 
as regards the general terms and conditions and form of 
final terms on pages 23-45.  
 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Issuer not to 
be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for 2021-2022 have been prepared in accordance with international financial reporting 
standards as adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Report Act 
(årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). With the exception of the Issuer’s annual reports, no information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s auditors.

--- Page 65 ---
63(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
To facilitate increases of bond loans issued under previous base prospectuses, the General Terms and Conditions 
and the form of Final Terms set out in the Company’s base prospectus dated 7 December 2021 are incorporated 
into this Base Prospectus by reference. 
Documents available 
The Issuer’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at 
https://www.nordaxgroup.com/corporate-governance (the information on the website is not part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Swedish FSA). 
Certain material interests 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Nordea Bank Abp,  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) are Dealers under the Programme and 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial is Arranger. The Dealers and the Arranger (and their affiliates) have 
engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for 
the Issuer in the ordinary course of business. Therefore, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of 
the Dealers and the Arranger having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions with other 
parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, being the date 
of publication of the latest audited financial information of the Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 March 2023, being the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Significant change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 March 2023, being the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published to the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Current disputes 
No member of the Group is currently, and has not within the last twelve months been, subject to any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatening so far as the 
Issuer is aware) which may have, or have in such period had, a significant adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability.  
Members of the Group are however parties to lawsuits and other disputes from time to time in the course of their 
normal operations. For example, the Branch has on 23 May 2023, as a precautionary measure to protect its 
intellectual property, filed a lawsuit requesting a declaratory judgement with the Oslo District Court against 
companies within the Norwegian Air Shuttle group to confirm the Branch’s right to use the Bank Norwegian 
brand.8 
In May 2023, the Norwegian FSA made a formal decision requiring that the use of the Bank Norwegian name 
should cease unless and until it is more clearly emphasized in external communications and marketing that the 
Branch is a part of Nordax. Nordax has initiated dialogue with the Norwegian FSA and is undertaking measures 
to ensure compliance with the Norwegian FSA's decision. 
Material agreements 
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreement outside of its ordinary course of business which may 
materially affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under issued Notes. 
 
 
8 Further information about the events relating to the cooperation with the Norwegian Air Shuttle group can be found on page 39 in Nordax’s 
interim report for the first quarter of 2023, which has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference.

--- Page 66 ---
64(66) 
 
Restricted Nordax Group 
ADDRESSES
The Issuer 
Nordax Bank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 23124, 104 35 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Gävlegatan 22, Stockholm 
www.nordaxgroup.com 
Tel. 08-508 808 00 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 7523, 103 92 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
www.danskebank.se 
Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
SE-103 38 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Regeringsgatan 56 Stockholm 
www.carnegie.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address 
Smålandsgatan 17, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden  
Visiting address 
Smålandsgatan 17 Stockholm 
www.nordea.com 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
Postal address 
SE- 106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 Stockholm 
www.seb.se 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
SE- 105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Malmskillnadsgatan 23 Stockholm 
www.swedbank.se 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Deloitte AB 
Postal address 
SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Rehnsgatan 11, Stockholm 
www.deloitte.se 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Advokatfirman Cederquist KB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1670, 111 96Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Hovslagargatan 3, Stockholm 
www.cederquist.se 
CSD 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, 101 23, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, 111 64 Stockholm 
 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1174, Sentrum, 0107 Oslo,  
Norway 
Visiting address 
Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo  
Norway