--- Page 1 ---
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") you agree to be bound by the following terms and 
conditions. 
The information contained in the Base Prospectus may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents of particular 
countries only as specified in the Base Prospectus and is not intended for use, and should not be relied upon, by any person 
outside those countries. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Base Prospectus, you must ascertain from 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of, and eligible to view, the information contained 
therein. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior 
to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Base Prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. Subject to certain exceptions, such securities may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The 
securities described in the Base Prospectus will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S. 
For a more complete description of restrictions on offers and sales of the securities described in the Base Prospectus, see pages 
iii to viii and the section "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 2 ---
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
(a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland) 
Programme for the Issuance of Warrants and Certificates 
Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea" or the "Issuer") has established a Programme for the issuance of warrants and certificates (the 
"Programme"). This base prospectus supersedes any previous Base Prospectus, in relation to the Programme. Any Instruments 
(as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions 
described herein. This does not affect any Instruments already in issue. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue warrants and certificates (the "Instruments") under the Programme on an 
unsubordinated basis, denominated in any currency. Instruments issued pursuant to the Programme may include Instruments 
issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") and Instruments designated by the Issuer as "VP Instruments", "VPS 
Instruments", "Finnish Instruments" or "Swedish Instruments".  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Instruments that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Instruments. Such 
approval relates only to Instruments issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU), as amended 
or replaced from time to time ("EU MiFID II") and / or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Instruments which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") to allow for 
Instruments issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the 
"Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin 
is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II.  
The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be determined by 
the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Instruments will be issued on the general terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the 
"Conditions"), as completed by a final terms document (the "Final Terms"). 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Instruments under the Programme which investors should ensure they fully 
understand (see "Risk Factors" below). If any such risk should occur, the price of the Instruments may decline and investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Instruments is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 December 2024

--- Page 3 ---
10296168307-v22 
- iii -
70-41081773 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and with any 
other information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Instruments, 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be available from www.nordea.com. 
The Issuer has confirmed that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Instruments) material; 
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any 
opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, 
predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Instruments) not 
misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Instruments and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied 
by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instrument 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, 
in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Instruments in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and on distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Instruments see "Subscription and Sale". 
THE INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE 
UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE 
UNITED STATES. 
THE INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE INSTRUMENTS MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION 
S")). SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments 
may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product

--- Page 4 ---
10296168307-v22 
- iv -
70-41081773 
 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
An investment in the Instruments may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with Nordea or with any 
other investment firm in the Nordea Group (a "Nordea Bank Deposit"). However, an investment in the Instruments 
carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of a Nordea Bank Deposit. The Instruments are expected to 
have greater liquidity than a Nordea Bank Deposit since Nordea Bank Deposits are generally not transferable. However, 
the Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. See "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Instruments—The Instruments may not be freely transferred" and " Risk Factors—Risks Relating 
to the Instruments —There is no active trading market for the Instruments". Investments in the Instruments do not 
benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on deposit guarantee schemes, as amended or any national measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. 
Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in such Instruments in a 
worst case scenario could lose their entire investment. Further, as a result of the implementation of BRRD (as defined 
herein), holders of the Instruments may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the 
general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. See "Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to the Instruments—Regulatory action in the 
event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the Instruments, including in a manner 
which may result in Holders of the Instruments losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Instruments 
or receiving a different security than the Instruments". 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA would be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom (the "UK") has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Instruments must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such investor's 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Instruments, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Instruments and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Instruments, 
including Instruments with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor's financial 
activities are principally denominated or, as in the case of Certificates, where the principal is not protected 
and a potential investor may lose all or part of the invested capital;

--- Page 5 ---
10296168307-v22 
- v -
70-41081773 
 
(d) 
understand the terms of the relevant Instruments and the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Instruments are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall portfolio. A 
potential investor should not invest in Instruments which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Instruments will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Instruments and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Index-Linked Instruments are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any index to which they are indirectly 
linked or any sponsor of such index and such index sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether express 
or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any index and/or the levels at which such index stands 
at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No index sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or 
otherwise) to any person for any error in any index and an index sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of 
any error within an index. An index sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to 
the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with such Instruments. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any liability to any person for any act or failure to act by an index sponsor in connection 
with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of an index. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent has any 
affiliation with or control over any index or index sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of any index. Although the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning an index 
to which the Instruments are linked from publicly available sources they believe to be reliable, they will not 
independently verify this information. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Instruments. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1.4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation ("Public Offers") in each 
Member State of the EEA for which the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the relevant Final Terms (each a 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction" and together, the "Public Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make 
a Public Offer of Instruments on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent- see 
"Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus" below.  
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates or indices. Any such reference rate or index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate or index does 
constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at 
the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
In this Base Prospectus, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic 
Area, references to "EU Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Union and the expression 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). References to "U.S. 
dollars" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended; references to 
"sterling" and "GBP" are to Pounds Sterling; references to "Yen"and "JPY" are to Japanese Yen; references to "SEK" 
are to Swedish Krona; references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Krone; references to "DKK" are to Danish Krone and 
references to "CAD" are to Canadian Dollars. References to the "Merger" mean the merger of Nordea Bank AB (publ), 
the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation (as defined below), into Nordea Bank Abp 
through a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption on the Completion Date (as defined below). References 
to "Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the context that the term refers 
to Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation. References to the 
"Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies for which Nordea is the parent company, except where 
it is clear from the context that the term refers to any particular subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries. References to the

--- Page 6 ---
10296168307-v22 
- vi -
70-41081773 
 
"Completion Date" mean the date of completion of the Merger being 1 October 2018. References to the "Re-
domiciliation" mean the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland that was 
carried out through the Merger. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary legislation made 
pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 7 ---
10296168307-v22 
- vii -
70-41081773 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS 
In the context of any Public Offer of Instruments the Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide a certificate of 
approval in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting 
of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark (the "Host Member 
States"). Even though the Issuer has elected to passport this Base Prospectus into the Host Member States, it does not 
mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms 
for any issue of Instruments to see whether the Issuer has elected to make a public offer of Instruments in either Ireland 
or a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to herein for 
the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Instruments is 
made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (such financial 
intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and 
is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Instruments in any jurisdiction. Any offer made by any third party without the consent of 
the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer 
or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Instruments by a person which is not the Issuer or an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, 
the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Instruments; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Instruments 
in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to the conditions set out above, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a 
Public Offer of Instruments in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
any financial intermediaries identified as an Authorised Offeror in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name is published 
on the website of the Issuer (www.nordea.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the 
relevant Public Offer. 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY INSTRUMENTS IN A PUBLIC OFFER 
FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
INSTRUMENTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY 
SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR 
SALE OF THE INSTRUMENTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO 
THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF 
SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH

--- Page 8 ---
10296168307-v22 
- viii -
70-41081773 
 
INFORMATION. THE ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term credit ratings of the Issuer are: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB 
Aa3 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AA- 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
AA- 
 
In accordance with: 
 
Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on https://ratings.moodys.io/ratings, 
obligations rated 'Aa' are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and the modifier 
3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category; 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, an obligation rated 'AA' 
differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is very strong; and 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#ratings-scales, obligations rated 'AA' denote 
expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events.  
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating Moody's has given to the Instruments is endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
rating Fitch has given to the Instruments is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd which is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Instruments is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Instruments to be issued under the Programme will not be rated. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, a 
list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. This list must be 
updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating 
agency under the EU CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
The Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")'s Financial Services Register, available at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, 
contains a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Similarly 
to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, there 
may be some delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated Financial Services Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA

--- Page 9 ---
10296168307-v22 
- ix -
70-41081773 
 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a change in the 
credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, could affect the market 
value and reduce the liquidity of the Instruments. 
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or that a rating 
will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged 
to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Instruments, and the market value and 
liquidity of the Instruments may be adversely affected. In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the 
risk related to individual Instruments issued under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit 
ratings generally will also affect the market value of the Instruments. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of companies 
and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by the agencies. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of Nordea, as well as assumptions 
made by and information currently available to the management of Nordea, and such statements may constitute 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than statements of historical fact) regarding the 
Nordea Group's future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of 
Nordea's management for future operations can generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", 
"estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" 
or similar expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that 
could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea, or industry results, to differ materially from 
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial markets; 
 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group 
operates; 
 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; 
 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices; 
 
changes in the quality of the Nordea Group's loan portfolio and the Nordea Group's counterparty risk; 
 
changes in the Nordea Group's liquidity position or that of any of its counterparties; 
 
changes in the Nordea Group's credit ratings; 
 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; and 
 
increased longevity, medical developments and other parameters that impact the Nordea Group's life 
insurance business. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be 
incorrect, the Nordea Group's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from those 
described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges investors to read the sections of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "The Nordea Group" for a more complete discussion of the factors that 
could affect the Nordea Group's future performance and the industry in which the Nordea Group operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements contained 
herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to 
the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred 
to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 39 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS ............................................................................................................. 41 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 43 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT............................................................................................................ 44 
INTRODUCTION TO WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES .................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 123 
THE NORDEA GROUP .......................................................................................................................... 148 
NORDEA BANK ABP ............................................................................................................................ 158 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 163 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 164 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 167 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 171

--- Page 11 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 11 -
70-41081773 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Instruments involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks set 
forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with 
respect to the Instruments. The risks described below could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations or the value of the Instruments. Additional risks and 
uncertainties, including those of which the Nordea Group's management is not currently aware or deems immaterial, 
may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, results of operations, financial condition 
or future prospects or may result in other events that could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the Instruments 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or in connection with any 
Instruments may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Instruments is exhaustive. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NORDEA GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
A. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can adversely 
affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the Nordic markets 
(Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). Development of the economic conditions in other markets where the Nordea 
Group currently operates can also affect the Nordea Group's performance. In recent years, the economic conditions in 
the Nordic region have, in general, developed more favourably relative to the rest of Europe, benefiting from generally 
sound public finances. However, there have been differences between countries within the region. In 2021, reflecting 
the beginning of the economic resurgence after the lifting of most of the pandemic-related restrictions, the Danish 
economy increased by 4.9 per cent. in terms of gross domestic product adjusted for inflation ("real GDP") and the 
Finnish real GDP increased by approximately 3.0 per cent, while the Norwegian real GDP increased by 4.1 per cent. 
and the Swedish economy also showed good growth with an increase in real GDP of 4.9 per cent. The performance of 
the Nordic economies continued to be strong in the beginning of 2022. However, the economic headwinds, including 
the effect of Russia's war against Ukraine and increased inflation, started to affect growth during the latter part of the 
year. In 2022, the Danish economy grew by 2.7 per cent. in terms of real GDP, the Finnish real GDP increased by 1.3 
per cent, the Norwegian real GDP grew by 3.7 per cent. and the Swedish real GDP increased by 2.7 per cent. The 
development of the Nordic economies in 2023 was twofold, with the Danish and Norwegian economies growing by 
1.9 per cent. and 0.7 per cent, respectively, in terms of real GDP, while the real GDP contracted by 1.0 per cent. in 
Finland and remained unchanged in Sweden in 2023. Economic developments have affected and may continue to affect 
the Nordea Group's business in a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business 
and/or financial condition of the Nordea Group's customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Nordea Group’s 
credit quality and demand for the Nordea Group's financial products and services. In recent years up to 2023, 
accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea Group 
operates adversely affected the Nordea Group's net interest margin, and any future prolonged period of low interest 
rates may have a similar impact. Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the Nordea 
Group may not be sufficient to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. See also "—Other Risks Relating to the 
Nordea Group’s Business—The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular any business 
with connections to Russia or Ukraine, are subject to risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its 
businesses in the Nordic markets" and "—Risks Relating to Market Exposure—The Nordea Group is exposed to 
structural market risk—Banking Book Market Risk" below. 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Nordea Group. 
In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions and volatility as a result of, among 
other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, fears related to a slowdown of the Chinese 
economy, uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy changes in the United States and concerns related to 
Russia's war against Ukraine. Recent adverse developments affecting the banking industry globally, including bank 
failures in the United States and the forced sale in Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and the related write-down 
of its additional tier 1 (AT1) instruments in 2023, have also resulted in volatility in the financial markets. In Europe, 
up to 2021, the continued modest GDP growth and low inflation raised concerns about the economic development in 
the region. However, more recently, accelerated inflation, both globally and in the Nordic region, has resulted in 
significant increases of benchmark interest rates, with expectations that, despite anticipated incremental decreases to 
benchmark interest rates, elevated interest rate levels may continue at least in the near term. The market conditions 
have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by the slower economic growth and increased debt levels in 
China, the timing of monetary policy changes in the United States and volatile global oil prices. Geopolitical events, 
such as Russia's war against Ukraine and concerns of a further escalation of the conflict and related adverse effects

--- Page 12 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 12 -
70-41081773 
 
(such as, among others, increased energy, food and commodity prices and inflationary pressures), the Israel-Hamas war 
in Gaza, escalated tensions elsewhere in the Middle East, in the Korean Peninsula and in Taiwan, the unrest in the Red 
Sea region, pandemics and widespread public health crises changes in trade policies globally, including the introduction 
of protectionist initiatives such as new or higher tariffs and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU have also 
caused, and are likely to continue to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the global 
economy. See also "— Any future resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or outbreak of a new pandemic could have 
a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely 
affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity" below). There can also be no assurances that a potential 
tightening of liquidity conditions in the future as a result of, for example, further volatility in the banking industry, 
weakening of investor or customer confidence, geopolitical events or deterioration of public finances of certain 
European countries will not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit 
spreads. Risks related to the economic development in Europe have also had and, despite the recent periods of moderate 
stabilisation, may continue to have, a negative impact on global economic activity and the financial markets. If these 
conditions continue to persist, or should there be any further turbulence in these or other markets, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the 
Nordea Group. Further, any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any future resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or outbreak of a new pandemic could have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea 
Group's ability to access capital and liquidity. 
In the beginning of 2020, the COVID 19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") pandemic spread globally 
and disrupted various markets and resulted in severe uncertainty about the development of the economies exposed to 
the outbreak. Similar to other industries, the banking industry, both globally and in the Nordic markets, was adversely 
affected by the pandemic. Should there be a resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or should a future pandemic 
emerge, national governments and regulators may implement measures intended to provide debt relief to various sectors 
of the economy, including but not limited to payment deferrals, limits on interest rates charged, and temporary relief 
from insolvency and bankruptcy measures. In connection with the coronavirus pandemic, many financial institutions, 
including the Nordea Group, also offered pandemic-related support programmes to their customers in the form of, 
among others, instalment-free periods for outstanding loans of certain customer groups. Such measures, if implemented 
in connection with any future resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or the outbreak of a future pandemic, may have 
an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's ability to realise obligations owed by customers in a timely manner and could 
require it to find alternative sources of income or funding to address any such impact. There is also no certainty that 
public health measures, such as business closings and restrictions on travel and gatherings, introduced to mitigate the 
effects of any resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or outbreak of a new pandemic will be sufficient to mitigate the 
risks posed by such pandemic, and the implementation of these measures (or their insufficiency) could have an adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's operations, including the Nordea Group's ability to perform some of its critical functions 
and serve its customers. In addition, customer habits could be altered because of a pandemic and related governmental 
and other preventive measures and restrictions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business. 
There can also be no assurances that the adverse impact of any future resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or the 
outbreak of a future pandemic will not lead to a tightening of liquidity conditions or funding uncertainty, or adversely 
affect the credit ratings assigned to Nordea or its subsidiaries. New regulatory requirements may also be introduced to 
address any liquidity concerns or other adverse effects that a pandemic may have on the financial sector, and financial 
institutions, such as the Nordea Group, could also become subject to related heightened supervisory demands. 
Regulators may also issue rules and other guidance to financial institutions aimed to encourage capital conservation in 
connection with a pandemic. Any such requirements or demands may result in the Nordea Group having to modify its 
operational practices and incur substantial monitoring and compliance costs. Financial institutions may, due to a 
pandemic, also activate business continuity and contingency plans, which, depending on the duration and overall 
adverse impact of the related outbreak, could result in significant additional cost and adversely affect existing business 
models. 
Any of the foregoing, and any other future adverse conditions related to a resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic or 
the outbreak of any other potential future pandemic not yet known, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect its ability to access capital and 
liquidity on acceptable financial terms. To the extent the coronavirus pandemic or any other potential future pandemic 
adversely affects the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Nordea Group, this may also have 
the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section. 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Credit Portfolio 
Deterioration in counterparties' credit quality may affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties are 
inherent in a wide range of the Nordea Group's businesses. The Nordea Group makes provisions for loan losses in 
accordance with IFRS. However, the provisions made are based on available information, estimates and assumptions 
and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurances that the provisions will be sufficient to cover the amount

--- Page 13 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 13 -
70-41081773 
 
of loan losses as they occur. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Nordea Group's borrowers and counterparties, 
or a decrease in collateral values, are likely to affect the recoverability and value of the Nordea Group's assets and 
require an increase in the Nordea Group's individual provisions and potentially in collective provisions for impaired 
loans, which in turn would adversely affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. In particular, the Nordea Group's 
exposure to corporate customers is subject to adverse changes in credit quality should the economic environment in the 
Nordea Group's markets deteriorate. The ability of the Nordea Group's borrowers may also be affected by foreign 
exchange risk to the extent their loans are denominated in a currency other than the currency they earn their main 
income in. For more information on the Nordea Group's outstanding loans see also "—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic 
Conditions—Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations" above and "—Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Changes in the Nordea Group's accounting policies 
or in accounting standards could materially affect how it reports its financial condition and results of operations" and 
"—Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business—The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic 
markets, in particular any business with connections to Russia or Ukraine, are subject to risks that do not apply, or 
apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets" below. Further, actual loan losses vary over the 
business cycle. A significant increase in the size of the Nordea Group's allowance for loan losses and loan losses not 
covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk. 
The Nordea Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. Many of 
these transactions expose the Nordea Group to the risk that the Nordea Group's counterparty in a foreign exchange, 
interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract defaults on its obligations prior to maturity when the 
Nordea Group has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. Counterparty credit risk also appears in repurchasing 
agreements and other securities financing contracts. This credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held 
by the Nordea Group cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the 
counterparty exposure. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, 
the Nordea Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal 
on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty after the Nordea Group has given irrevocable instructions for 
a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally 
confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the transfer of money from a country other than the country where a 
borrower is domiciled, which is affected by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the 
countries concerned.  
C. 
Risks Relating to Market Exposure 
The Nordea Group is exposed to market price risk. 
The Nordea Group's customer-driven trading operations and its treasury operations (where the Nordea Group holds 
investment and liquidity portfolios for its own account) are the key contributors to market price risk in the Nordea 
Group. The fair value of financial instruments held by the Nordea Group, including bonds, equity investments, cash in 
various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, commodities and derivatives, are sensitive to 
volatility of and correlations between various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices 
and foreign exchange rates. To the extent volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Nordea Group's 
bond, derivative and structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes, could fall more than estimated, and therefore 
cause the Nordea Group to record write-downs. Future valuations of the assets for which the Nordea Group has already 
recorded or estimated write-downs, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant 
changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, the value of certain financial instruments is recorded at fair value, 
which is determined by using financial models incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimations that are uncertain 
and which may change over time or may be inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the Nordea Group to 
recognise further write-downs or realise impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the Nordea Group's trading and 
investment income depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could 
result in a significant decline in the Nordea Group's trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss, which, 
in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Nordea Group is exposed to structural market risk. 
Banking Book Market Risk 
Like all banks, the Nordea Group earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its depositors and other 
creditors. The net effect of changes to the Nordea Group's net interest income depends on the relative levels of assets 
and liabilities that are affected by the changes in interest rates. The Nordea Group is structurally exposed to net interest

--- Page 14 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 14 -
70-41081773 
 
income risk, economic value risk and fair value risk. Mismatches between the interest rate repricing periods, volumes 
or reference rates of its assets, liabilities and derivatives give rise to net interest income risk and economic value risk. 
The Nordea Group is structurally exposed to fair value risk through its liquidity portfolio. These risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's financial condition and results of operations.  
Structural Foreign Exchange Risk 
The Nordea Group is exposed to currency translation risk primarily as a result of its Norwegian and Swedish banking 
businesses, as well as its U.S. dollar denominated lending business, as it prepares its consolidated financial statements 
in its functional currency, the euro. Because the Nordea Group shows translation differences between the local currency 
denominated equity positions of its fully consolidated subsidiaries, the euro effects arising from currency translation 
may reduce equity. In addition, because some of the Nordea Group's consolidated risk exposure amount ("REA"), 
against which the Nordea Group is required to hold a minimum level of capital, is denominated in local currencies, 
including the U.S. dollar, any significant depreciation of the euro against these local currencies would adversely impact 
the Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. The Nordea Group is also subject to foreign exchange risk in connection 
with its non-euro denominated funding arrangements. While the Nordea Group generally follows a policy of hedging 
its foreign exchange risk, including by seeking to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities 
that fund them and by entering into hedging arrangements with respect to currency exposures, there can be no 
assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully hedge some or all of this currency risk exposure or that 
it will in all instances be feasible for the Nordea Group to hedge such exposure.  
D. 
Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Requirements 
The Nordea Group's business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced or perceived 
to be inadequate. 
The Nordea Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to EU and Finnish legislation. The 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") has introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the 
regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in its papers 
released on 16 December 2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 press release setting out minimum requirements for 
additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability, "Basel III"). Basel III 
has been implemented in the EU by way of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended), (the "Capital Requirements Directive") and the direct application of the Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions (as amended, the "CRR" and, together with the Capital Requirements Directive and the CRD 
Implementing Measures (as such term is defined in the Conditions), the "CRD") in each member state of the EU. The 
CRR has applied in all Member States from 1 January 2014 and the Finnish legislation implementing the Capital 
Requirements Directive entered into force in 2014. The rules applicable to the capital and liquidity of financial 
institutions have been amended across the EU. The amendments to the CRR entered into force between June 2019 and 
June 2021, while the amendments to the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force on 28 December 2020. The 
Finnish national transposition of the CRD amendments entered into force on 1 April 2021. The banking package 
includes, among other things, the introduction of a binding net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"), a binding leverage ratio 
requirement, treatment of non-preferred senior debt in the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") and a cumulative treatment of the other systemically important institution buffer (the "O-SII buffer") and 
the systemic risk buffer. The resulting changes may lead to further enhanced requirements in relation to the Nordea 
Group's capital, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated and, as a result, adversely affect 
the Nordea Group's capital position. 
Local regulators may, nevertheless, require higher capital buffers than those required under current or proposed future 
regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the financial services industry and 
the concerns over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of institution-specific capital requirements, over 
the financial position of an institution. Any such requirements, or perception by debt and equity investors, analysts or 
other market professionals that the capital buffers should be higher, or any concern regarding compliance with future 
capital adequacy requirements, could increase the Nordea Group's borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets 
or result in a downgrade in its credit ratings, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity. In addition, lower internal credit rating of customers, substantial market volatility, 
widening credit spreads, changes in the applicable capital adequacy regulatory framework(s) or regulatory treatment of 
certain positions, such as changes in risk weights assigned to asset classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, 
decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or 
deterioration of the economic environment, among other things, could result in an increase in the Nordea Group's REA, 
which potentially may reduce the Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the Nordea Group were to experience a 
reduction in its capital adequacy ratios, and could not generate or raise further capital needed, it would have to reduce 
its lending or investments in other operations. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Nordea Group's operations. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Nordea Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or meet its liquidity 
commitments only at an increased cost. A substantial portion of the Nordea Group's liquidity and funding requirements

--- Page 15 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 15 -
70-41081773 
 
is met through reliance on customer deposits, as well as ongoing access to wholesale funding markets, including 
issuance of long-term debt market instruments, such as covered bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in 
particular long-term funding, may be constrained during periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial 
markets and economy may adversely affect the Nordea Group's liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties 
and customers to do business with the Nordea Group, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings.  
There can be no assurances that Nordea or its mortgage subsidiaries will be able to maintain their current ratings or that 
the Nordea Group will retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current long-term ratings of 
Nordea or one of its mortgage subsidiaries may increase their funding costs, limit access to the capital markets and 
trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a 
reduction in credit ratings could adversely affect the Nordea Group's access to liquidity and its competitive position 
and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
E. 
Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business  
The Nordea Group faces competition in all markets. 
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Nordea Group provides and there 
can be no assurances that the Nordea Group can maintain its competitive position. In addition, the financial services 
market may face significant changes due to the development of digital banking and new technologies (such as 
alternative payment systems), changes in consumer behaviour as well as regulatory developments and new operators 
entering the market. Even though the Nordea Group is making significant investments in technology, there can be no 
assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to continue to adjust its operating models and arrangements to respond 
to new forms of competition. If the Nordea Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it 
may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest, fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Operational risks, including risks in connection with investment advice, may affect the Nordea Group's business. 
The Nordea Group's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex transactions 
across different markets in many currencies. The Nordea Group's operations are carried out through a number of 
entities. Operational losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, costs, and direct and indirect financial 
losses and/or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in internal processes, information technology 
("IT") and other systems (including the implementation of new systems and platforms), cyber security related incidents, 
licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, outsourcing, failure to properly 
document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-operation partners and other third 
parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or from customer complaints, failure to comply with regulatory 
requirements, including but not limited to anti-money laundering, economic and financial sanctions, data protection 
and antitrust regulations, conduct of business rules, equipment failures, failure to protect its assets, including intellectual 
property rights and collateral, failure of physical and security protection, natural disasters or the failure of external 
systems, including those of the Nordea Group's suppliers or counterparties and failure to fulfil its obligations, 
contractual or otherwise. Although the Nordea Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions to mitigate 
exposures and/or losses, there can be no assurances that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the 
operational risks faced by the Nordea Group, or that the Nordea Group's reputation will not be damaged by the 
occurrence of any operational risks.  
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Nordea Group provides its customers with investment 
advice, access to internally as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the 
event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice from the Nordea Group, or the misconduct or 
fraudulent actions of external fund managers, the Nordea Group's customers may seek compensation from the Nordea 
Group. Such compensation might be sought even if the Nordea Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not 
recommended such counterparties to its customers. In addition, providing investment advice is subject to reputational 
risk, and claims from customers or penalties imposed by competent authorities with respect to investment advice 
provided by the Nordea Group could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's reputation, business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Profitability in the Nordea Group's life and pension business depends on regulations and guidelines in the countries 
in which it operates. 
In addition to insurance risk and investment risks related to its life insurance business common to all life insurance and 
pension providers, the Nordea Group's ability to generate profit from its insurance subsidiaries generally depends on 
the level of fees and other income generated by the insurance and pension business. The level of fees and other income 
which the Nordea Group may earn from its life insurance subsidiaries differs from country to country, depending on 
regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant financial services authorities on shareholder fees, IFRS 
bridging, profit sharing and solvency requirements.

--- Page 16 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 16 -
70-41081773 
 
The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular any business with connections to 
Russia or Ukraine,  are subject to risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic 
markets. 
The Nordea Group's operations outside the Nordic markets present various risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser 
degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. Some of these markets are typically more volatile and less developed 
economically and politically than markets in Western Europe and North America. The Nordea Group faces economic 
and political risk, including economic volatility, recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and 
interruption of business, as well as civil unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to 
specific countries, expropriation, nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default 
and changes in law or tax policy. For example, Russia's war against Ukraine and related events, such as the sanctions 
imposed by the United States, the EU, the United Kingdom and others against Russia, have had, and are expected to 
continue to have, an adverse effect on the economic climate in Russia and also in neighbouring regions and other 
countries. As the Nordea Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in 
Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, any adverse effects, direct or indirect (such as, among others, increased 
energy, food and commodity prices and inflationary pressures), that Russia's war against Ukraine may have on the 
economies and customers in these Nordic countries could also have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Russia's war against Ukraine may also affect the operational 
risks that the Nordea Group faces as a result of, for example, a heightened risk of cyber security related incidents. 
The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees. 
The Nordea Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, 
and the continued ability of the Nordea Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy depends on its ability 
to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition from within the financial services 
industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from businesses outside the financial services industry 
for key employees is intense. New regulatory restrictions, such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by 
credit institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD, could adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to attract 
new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to 
competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business. 
The Nordea Group may not be able to successfully implement its strategy. 
The Nordea Group's strategy is to create the best possible omnichannel customer experience, to drive focused and 
profitable growth and to increase operational and capital efficiency. For more information, see "The Nordea Group—
Strategy". There can be no assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully implement its strategy within 
the expected timeframe or at all, and the expected benefits of the Nordea Group's strategy may not materialise, including 
if the markets in which the Nordea Group operates do not develop as expected. Furthermore, the Nordea Group's 
strategy may have negative consequences in respect of attracting and retaining employees (see "—The Nordea Group 
could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees" above) or other areas. Any of the above could 
have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
F. 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates 
The Nordea Group is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the Nordea Group, operate under an extensive regulatory 
regime. The Nordea Group is subject to laws and regulations, administrative actions and policies as well as related 
oversight from the local regulators in each of the jurisdictions in which it has operations. These jurisdictions include 
Finland, where the Nordea Group's parent company Nordea Bank Abp is based, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, China, 
Estonia, Luxembourg, Poland, the United Kingdom and the United States. The Nordea Group is also under the direct 
supervision and subject to the regulations of the European Central Bank ("ECB"), as a result of the size of its assets 
(see also "—The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary 
payments if certain capital requirements or loss absorbing capacity requirements are not met" below). These laws and 
regulations, requirements, administrative actions and policies are subject to change and may from time to time require 
significant costs to comply with.   
Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but are not 
limited to, (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general changes in government and regulatory 
policies or regimes which may significantly influence customer or investor decisions or may increase the costs of doing 
business in the Nordea Group's markets, (iii) changes in capital adequacy framework, imposition of onerous compliance 
obligations, restrictions on business growth or pricing and requirements to operate in a way that prioritises other 
objectives over shareholder value creation, (iv) changes in competition and pricing environments, (v) differentiation 
amongst financial institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees to bank customer deposits 
and the terms attaching to such guarantees, (vi) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in 
legislation relating to foreign ownership, (vii) further developments in the financial reporting environment and 
(viii) other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic developments producing legal uncertainty, which, in each 
case, may affect demand for the Nordea Group's products and services. See also "—Any future resurgence of the

--- Page 17 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 17 -
70-41081773 
 
coronavirus pandemic or outbreak of a new pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group’s ability to access capital 
and liquidity" above. 
As a result of global financial and economic crises, a number of regulatory initiatives have been proposed and taken to 
amend or implement rules and regulations, which have had, or could likely have, an impact on the business of the 
Nordea Group. Such initiatives include, but are not limited to, requirements for liquidity, capital adequacy and handling 
of counterparty risks, regulatory tools provided to authorities to allow them to intervene in scenarios of distress and the 
introduction of a common system of financial transactions tax in the euro area. One such requirement is the obligation 
under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD")  for banks, such as Nordea, to contribute 
to resolution funds, the purpose of which are to finance the resolution of failing banks without having to resort to 
taxpayer money. Nordea contributes to the EU-wide Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). See also "— The Nordea Group 
is supervised by the ECB and subject to the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single 
Resolution Mechanism". 
Regulatory developments such as these or any other requirements, restrictions, limitations on the operations of financial 
institutions and costs involved, or unexpected requirements under, or uncertainty with respect to, the regulatory 
framework to be applied to the Nordea Group, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
Regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position. 
Nordea operates under the BRRD that was transposed in Finland on 1 January 2015 through the Finnish Act on 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Fi: laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten 
kriisinratkaisusta (1194/2014)) (the "Finnish Resolution Act") and the Finnish Act on Financial Stability Authority 
(Fi: laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta (1195/2014)) (the "Finnish Act on Financial Stability Authority"). 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity, the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation provide for the relevant resolution authority to set minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL") for each institution, based on, among other criteria, its size, risk and business model. The 
framework for MREL for banks (the "MREL Framework") is conceptually similar to the principles for Total Loss 
Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") issued by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") and both aim to ensure that banks have 
sufficient loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity to preserve the continuity of critical functions, ensure financial 
stability, and minimise the burden to taxpayers arising from any failure of the institution. 
According to the MREL Framework, there is a particular need to ensure that authorities possess the necessary legal 
powers to expose eligible instruments to loss and that they can exercise their powers without material risk of successful 
legal challenge or giving rise to compensation costs under the "no creditor worse off than in liquidation" ("NCWOL") 
principle. Similarly, authorities must be confident that the holders of these instruments are able to absorb losses and 
recapitalise in a time of stress in the financial markets without spreading contagion and without necessitating the 
allocation of loss to liabilities where that would cause disruption to critical functions or significant financial instability. 
Eligible instruments should, therefore, not include operational liabilities on which the performance of critical functions 
depends, and a minimum proportion of such eligible liabilities should be subordinated in some way to those operational 
liabilities and certain other specified categories of obligations (a so-called "subordination requirement"). Any 
instruments or liabilities that cannot be written down or converted into equity by the relevant resolution authority 
without giving rise to material risk of NCWOL claims should not be eligible as MREL and may give rise to a 
requirement to issue additional eligible liabilities under the MREL Framework. 
There is a risk that the MREL requirements could change in the future and require the Nordea Group to issue additional 
MREL eligible liabilities, which, in turn, may increase the Nordea Group's funding costs and have an adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary payments if 
certain capital requirements or loss absorbing capacity requirements are not met.  
The capital and regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is, and will be, subject imposes certain requirements 
for the Nordea Group to hold sufficient levels of capital, including common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital and additional 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (including MREL eligible liabilities). A failure to comply with such 
requirements, as the same may be amended from time to time, may result in restrictions on Nordea's ability to make 
"discretionary payments" in certain circumstances. If the Nordea Group's ability to make "discretionary payments" 
becomes subject to such restrictions, this could have an adverse impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form 
of capital or funding.  
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer 
requirement (which is positioned above the relevant capital and MREL requirements) and calculated in accordance 
with the CRD and the BRRD, by reference to certain profits of the institution. Such calculation will result in a maximum 
distributable amount ("MDA") for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that if the level of a bank's 
total common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no 
"discretionary payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined

--- Page 18 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 18 -
70-41081773 
 
buffer requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend payments 
on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments.  
The Nordea Group is supervised by the ECB and subject to the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the 
European Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The licensing of credit institutions and the supervision of the most significant banks and financial groups in the euro 
area were transferred to the ECB as of 4 November 2014 in the context of the European Single Supervisory Mechanism 
(the "SSM"). Furthermore, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the resolution of the most 
significant financial institutions in the euro area, that is, a regulation establishing a single resolution mechanism (the 
"Single Resolution Mechanism") for financial institutions (Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, the "SRM Regulation"). 
The Single Resolution Mechanism establishes the European Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") that has resolution 
powers over the entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the national authorities as the 
relevant resolution authority with respect to such institutions. The Nordea Group has been subject to the resolution 
powers of the SRB as from 1 October 2018. 
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM Regulation similar to those 
of the national resolution authorities under the BRRD. These specific resolution powers include the sale of business 
tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and the bail-in tool and, as a pre-resolution tool in respect of 
capital instruments, the mandatory write-down and conversion power. The use of one or more of these tools will be 
included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the SRB. National resolution authorities will remain responsible for 
the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the SRB. 
The SRB has prepared and adopted a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, including the Nordea Group. 
It has also determined, after consulting competent authorities including the ECB, the MREL requirements which the 
Nordea Group is required to meet at all times. The SRB also has the powers of early intervention as set forth in the 
SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Nordea Group to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare 
for resolution of the Nordea Group. These will be launched if the SRB assesses that the following conditions are met: 
(i) the Nordea Group is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is 
no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the write-down or 
conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the Nordea Group, would prevent its failure within a 
reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of resolution powers by the SRB with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will likely 
materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Instruments and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under such Instruments and could lead to the holders of the Instruments losing some or all of their 
investment in the Instruments.  
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, such as the Nordea Group, operate under a comprehensive 
regulatory regime and are subject to extensive regulatory supervision, with recently heightened scrutiny by supervisory 
authorities of the regulatory compliance by such companies. This regulatory environment makes the Nordea Group 
susceptible to regulatory and litigation risks.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Nordea Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The Nordea 
Group carries out operations through a number of legal entities in a number of jurisdictions and is subject to regulations, 
including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, economic and financial 
sanctions, payments, consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance, in such jurisdictions. 
Regulations and regulatory requirements are also continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the 
Nordea Group. There can be no assurances that breaches of regulations by the Nordea Group have not occurred in the 
past or will not occur in the future or that such breaches would not result in significant liability, penalties or other 
negative financial consequences. 
The Nordea Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in jurisdictions 
where it is active. For example, in June 2015, the Danish financial supervisory authority ("DFSA") investigated the 
compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S with applicable anti-money laundering regulations. The investigation 
resulted in criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish administrative practice, handed over to the Danish 
police for further handling and possible sanctions. On 5 July 2024, the Danish National Special Crime Unit announced 
that it will commence court proceedings and filed a formal charge relating to the Nordea Group's anti-money laundering 
controls in 2015 and earlier against Nordea. The Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in 
anti-money laundering processes and procedures and has recorded a provision for ongoing anti-money laundering 
related matters. Possible fines could, however, be higher than the current provision, and any such fines could impact 
the Nordea Group's financial position. For more information on these Danish proceedings, see "The Nordea Group – 
Legal and Administrative Proceedings". The Nordea Group is also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings 
from time to time. These types of claims, disputes, legal proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can be 
difficult to predict, expose the Nordea Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial losses, disputes, litigation, civil and criminal penalties and other sanctions, loss of licences 
or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well as the potential for

--- Page 19 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 19 -
70-41081773 
 
regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions against the Nordea Group or adverse 
judgments in litigation to which the Nordea Group is party could result in restrictions or limitations on the Nordea 
Group's operations or result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to risk of changes in tax legislation, including increases in tax rates. 
The Nordea Group's activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance with local 
legislation and practice. The Nordea Group's business, including intra-group transactions, is conducted in accordance 
with the Nordea Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations and instructions from the tax 
authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, court tax practice and tax authority 
administrative practice may change over time and the changes may have a retroactive effect in taxation. Any future 
legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and other jurisdictions where the Nordea Group is active 
may impair the tax position of the Nordea Group. 
For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD") and Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD II") may require Member States to amend their tax legislation or taxation practices 
and to implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the right to deduct interest expense and controlled 
foreign company rules as well as rules as regards to hybrid mismatches. Finland has, for example, enacted regulation 
on hybrid mismatches, inluding reverse hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to ATAD or ATAD II and other possible 
future amendments could increase the Nordea Group's tax burden. 
The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations. 
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). The continued uncertainty related to the effects of 
Brexit may increase market volatility and have an economic impact on the countries in which the Nordea Group 
operates, particularly in the United Kingdom and euro area. It is still too early to judge the full impact of Brexit as it is 
unclear how the trading relationships between the United Kingdom and the EU and other significant trading partners 
will develop.  
The Nordea Group transacts with various United Kingdom-based counterparties that may, as a result of Brexit, decide 
to move all or part of their business from the United Kingdom to an EU Member State. Any consequent restructuring 
of the Nordea Group's business relationships with such counterparties could entail additional administration and other 
costs. The Nordea Group also has derivative contracts cleared through LCH Limited ("LCH") in London, and, despite 
the publication of a temporary equivalence decision by the European Commission, Nordea Group entities will not be 
permitted to continue to clear euro-denominated transactions through LCH once this temporary decision expires on 30 
June 2025. Any consequential migration of legacy transactions to an alternative central counterparty ("CCP") could be 
costly and operationally challenging and clearing derivatives on multiple CCPs could increase costs for the Nordea 
Group. 
In addition, any deterioration in market access or trading terms including customs duties, taxes or other tariffs that 
constitute real cost, delay or restrictions to the provision of services and increased administration may materially 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in the Nordea Group's accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how it reports 
its financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board, the EU and other regulatory bodies change the 
financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Nordea Group's financial statements. 
These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Nordea Group records and reports its results 
of operations and financial condition. In some cases, the Nordea Group could be required to apply a new or revised 
standard retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements or adjusting the opening balances. See 
also "—Regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group’s funding needs and capital position" above.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS  
A.  
Risks relating to the Instruments 
There may be no active trading market for the Instruments. 
The Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Instruments which is already issued). If the Instruments are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing prices for 
the Underlying Asset(s), the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of 
the Issuer. Although applications may be made for Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing 
on the Euronext Dublin and to trading on its Regulated Market, or for Instruments to be admitted to listing and trading 
by such other listing authority, stock exchange, market and/or multilateral trading facility as may be specified in the

--- Page 20 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 20 -
70-41081773 
 
Final Terms, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Instruments 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Series of Instruments.  
Furthermore, the Issuer may elect to issue unlisted Instruments, in which case there may be not be an active trading 
market for such Instruments. While Nordea may offer to buy-back such Instruments prior to their maturity date under 
normal market conditions, the price at which such Instruments are bought back (if at all) will depend upon a number 
of factors. In case of unstable market conditions, Nordea may elect not to buy back any Instruments or suspend any 
buy-backs it may have commenced, in which case the relevant investor may be unable to sell the relevant Instruments 
until they are redeemed. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, act as Market Maker (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and thereupon, 
in normal circumstances, quote buy and sell rates for the Instruments at levels decided upon by the Issuer from time to 
time. The Issuer does not accept any legal obligation vis-à-vis Instrumentholders to quote such prices and/or to ensure 
that the prices it quotes are appropriate, nor is it under any obligation to provide market-making over the entire term of 
the Instruments. The prices quoted by the Issuer as Market Maker normally differ from the prices that would be 
determined in the absence of such market-making in a liquid market, and in acting as Market Maker the Issuer does not 
have any fiduciary or other obligation to act in the best interests of Instrumentholders. Furthermore, when determining 
such prices, the Issuer may use any price source it may decide in its sole discretion, and is not bound to use any source 
of price or valuation set out in the relevant final terms. Potential investors should be aware that by making the market, 
the Issuer will to a large extent determine the price of the Instruments (and potentially of the underlying), and may 
therefore influence the price of the Instruments. 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
The Instruments may be redeemed before their scheduled maturity in some circumstances, including (but not limited 
to) the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, a Reference Bond Credit Event, a Reference Bond Call Event, and/or 
upon the termination of the Nordnet Agreement or other distribution agreements between the Issuer and one or more 
third parties or the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in respect of certain Instruments, which may be unpredictable and 
outside the control of the holders. Early redemption may result in holders of Instruments receiving a lower return on 
investment and in some circumstances may result in a loss of part or all of their investment. Early redemption may have 
tax consequences for holders of Instruments. 
The Instruments rank junior to preferred deposits in the insolvency hierarchy. 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation establish a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for insured 
deposits and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in EEA 
or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. In addition, the deposit guarantee scheme directive, which has been 
implemented into national law and entered into force in Finland on 1 January 2015, increased the volume of deposits 
that are insured (and thus preferred) to include a wide range of deposits, including part of all corporate deposits (unless 
the depositor is a public sector body or financial institution) that does not exceed the coverage level (being EUR 100,000 
for the aggregate deposits of each depositor) and some temporary high value deposits (also above the coverage level). 
Therefore, these preferred deposits will rank ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, including the 
holders of Instruments, in the insolvency hierarchy. However, the non-insured amounts of deposits of large corporations 
with over EUR 50 million turnover rank pari passu with claims of other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in powers.  
However, in April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal to update the existing Crisis Management and 
Deposit Insurance Framework, consisting of proposals to amend, among other things, the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation and adopt a general depositor preference, which if implemented may negatively affect the ranking of the 
Senior Preferred Notes as against all deposits and as a result the credit ratings assigned to such Senior Preferred Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU legislative process in respect of the Crisis Management and Deposit 
Insurance Framework remains ongoing.  
The Instruments may not be freely transferred. 
The Issuer has not registered, nor will it register, the Instruments under the Securities Act or any other securities laws. 
Accordingly, the Instruments are subject to certain restrictions on resale and other transfer thereof as set forth in the 
section entitled "Subscription and Sale". As a result of these restrictions, the Issuer cannot be certain of the existence 
of a secondary market for the Instruments or the liquidity of such a market if one develops. Consequently, a Holder of 
Instruments and an owner of beneficial interests in those Instruments must be able to bear the economic risk of their 
investment in the Instruments for the terms of the Instruments. 
Holders are subject to market and other volatility. 
Holders of Instruments should be aware that the secondary market for the Instruments and instruments of this kind may 
be illiquid due to, among other things, the disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets that have continued 
through recent years. Holders of Instruments should also be aware that inflation could have an adverse effect on the 
value of the relevant Instruments, including where the return on the Instruments is below the level of the relevant

--- Page 21 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 21 -
70-41081773 
 
inflation rate(s). This may result in inflation-adjusted returns being negative in certain circumstances. The Issuer cannot 
predict when these circumstances will change. Consequently, a Holder of Instruments and an owner of beneficial 
interests in those Instruments must be able to bear the economic risk of their investment in the Instruments for the terms 
of the Instruments, as they cannot be certain of being able to realise their investment, or to do so at favourable prices, 
during the lifetime of the Instruments. 
Cancelled or scaled down issue. 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel all or part of an offer of Instruments prior to the end of the relevant Offer Period 
upon the occurrence of certain circumstances, e.g. where the subscribed amount does not reach certain levels or where 
variables such as participation ratios cannot be determined at a certain level. The Issuer also reserves the right, in its 
sole discretion, to cancel an issue upon the occurrence of economic, financial or political events which may jeopardise 
a successful issue of Instruments. In such circumstances, the investor may not be able to reinvest their funds in an 
instrument offering comparable returns. 
The Instruments are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will make payments on the Instruments in a specified currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the specified currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Instruments; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Instruments; and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Instruments. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal at all. 
Instrumentholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Instruments issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer and the market value of any 
Instruments will be dependent upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer. A holder's ability to receive payment under the 
Instruments is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which in turn is dependent upon the 
development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of its operations. 
In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the holders of Instruments will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer. In 
such a case, an investor will accordingly risk losing some or all of its investment in the Instruments. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments may be changed. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series will be determined by the Issuer at or prior to the time of issuance 
of such Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series 
will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, subject to being supplemented, modified or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to each Series. 
The Issuer has the right to correct manifest errors in the Terms and Conditions without the Instrument Holders' consent 
and to make any amendment which the Issuer does not consider to be materially prejudicial to the interests of Holders. 
The Issuer may also change the listing venue or stock exchange where the Instruments are admitted to listing and/or 
trading, or the clearing system or central securities depository through which the Instruments are cleared or settled 
without the consent of Holders. Any such amendment will be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) which may be via the website of the stock exchange where the relevant Instruments are listed or the website 
of the Issuer. 
Payments under the Instruments may be subject to U.S. withholding under the U.S. tax code. 
As discussed in more detail under "Taxation — United States Taxation — Possible United States Withholding Tax 
under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code", U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, require withholding of up to 30 per cent. (depending on whether an income tax 
treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial 
instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends.  
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the Instruments, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the applicable regulations to the 
Instruments.

--- Page 22 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 22 -
70-41081773 
 
B. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Instruments 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the Instruments 
including in a manner which may result in Holders of the Instruments losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Instruments or receiving a different security than the Instruments. 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide authorities with common tools 
and powers to address banking crises pre emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers' 
exposure to losses. The BRRD was implemented in Finland on 1 January 2015 through the Finnish Resolution Act and 
the Finnish Act on Financial Stability Authority. The BRRD was amended in the banking package (as described in 
"The Nordea Group— Capital Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations") that was published in the Official Journal 
on 7 June 2019 and the majority of amendments took effect from April 2021. 
The Nordea Group is also subject to the SRM Regulation which gives specific powers to the SRB to exercise resolution 
powers similar to those under the BRRD, see "— Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which 
the Nordea Group Operates —The Nordea Group is supervised by the ECB and subject to the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism". 
The powers granted to the SRB and/or authorities designated by member states of the EU to apply the resolution tools 
and exercise the resolution powers set forth in the SRM Regulation and the BRRD and its national transpositions 
("resolution authorities") include the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" with respect to 
capital instruments and a "bail-in power", which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a 
portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain other eligible liabilities (which could include the Instruments), 
whether unsubordinated or subordinated, of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which 
could include the Instruments) into common equity tier 1 (CET1) instruments, including ordinary shares of the 
surviving group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to 
restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-
down and conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully absorb losses at the 
point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. The 
SRM Regulation and the BRRD specify the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy 
of capital instruments under CRD and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency.  
The Instruments could be subject to the bail-in power. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount of 
the Instruments will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Nordea Group's control. The application of the bail-in tool with respect to the Instruments, 
may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Instruments and/or the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, 
the Instruments into ordinary shares or other common equity tier 1 (CET1) instruments of Nordea or another person, 
including by means of a variation to the terms of the Instruments to give effect to such application of the bail-in tool. 
Accordingly, potential investors in the Instruments should consider the risk that the bail-in tool may be applied in such 
a manner as to result in holders of the Instruments losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Instruments 
or receiving a different security than the Instruments, which may be worth significantly less than the Instruments and 
which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the resolution 
authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-in tool without providing any advance notice to the holders of the 
Instruments. Holders of the Instruments may also have limited or no rights to challenge any decision of the resolution 
authority to exercise the bail-in power or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or 
otherwise. 
The bail-in power, as a matter of Finnish law, contains a specific safeguard known as the "no creditor worse off than 
under liquidation" (NCWOL) principle with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable 
treatment by operation of resolution tools (Fi: kriisinratkaisuväline) or resolution powers (Fi: kriisinratkaisuvaltuus) 
than they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings. Based on the provisions of the SRM Regulation, 
the Issuer expects that the NCWOL safeguard will apply in the event of any exercise of the mandatory write-down and 
conversion power in respect of any Instruments by the SRB in exercising its mandate to effect such write-down or 
conversion independently of any resolution action. However, in spite of the Issuer's expectation, there can be no 
guarantee that the NCWOL safeguard would be applied in respect of any Instruments by the SRB and, even in 
circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the NCWOL safeguard in accordance with a 
valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent 
to the full losses incurred by the Holders in the resolution and there can be no assurances that Holders would recover 
such compensation promptly. 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the SRM Regulation and the BRRD 
and its national transposition provide resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures 
with respect to distressed banks, which may include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole 
or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the 
procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of the bank to a "bridge 
institution" (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) transferring all or part of the assets of the bank, including impaired or

--- Page 23 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 23 -
70-41081773 
 
problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing 
or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including 
altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), 
and/or (vi) discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will 
likely allow the use of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion 
powers. 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the SRM Regulation and/or the BRRD and its national transpositions or 
any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Instruments 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Instruments and could lead to the holders of the 
Instruments losing some or all of their investment in the Instruments. Prospective investors in the Instruments should 
consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the Instruments. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the Instruments in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the Instruments. 
The Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Instruments are governed 
by English law, Finnish Law, Swedish Law, Norwegian Law or Danish Law (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
except that (i) the registration of VP Instruments in VP which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Danish law; (ii) the registration of VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law; (iii) the registration of Finnish Instruments in Euroclear Finland will be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Finnish Law; and (iv) the registration of Swedish Instruments in the Euroclear 
Sweden Register which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Instruments or the interpretation thereof. Such changes in law may impact 
statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Instruments, which may have an adverse effect on the 
Instruments. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the 
Instruments and, therefore, affect the trading price of the Instruments given the extent and impact on the Instruments 
that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Instruments. 
The Rome II Regulation (864/2007), which sets out a series of rules to be applied by the courts of EU Member States 
(other than Denmark) for the purposes of determining the governing law of non-contractual obligations between parties 
in most civil and commercial matters does not directly apply in Norway or Denmark and therefore may not apply to 
Norwegian or Danish investors. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and scrutiny 
which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk management 
strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory changes, may have an 
adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and financial condition. 
Extraordinary Events affecting the Instruments. 
In relation to the Instruments, it should be noted that any change in applicable laws or regulations or changes in the 
application thereof as well as specific events such as a moratorium, currency restriction, embargo, blockade or boycott 
of a central bank, the Finnish government or other sovereign such as the United Nations or the European Union, may 
result in: (i) a substitution of Underlying Assets; (ii) a change in a method for calculation of certain amounts under the 
Instrument; (iii) that certain amounts are calculated at an earlier date; and/or (iv) other amendments to the Conditions. 
Such events may therefore adversely affect the amounts that are payable to the investors under an Instrument, as well 
as the timing of payments. 
In the event that a change in laws or regulations or decisions by public authorities (or in the application thereof), or any 
other circumstance not directly related to a downgrading of the Issuer's credit ratings, would (in the opinion of the 
Issuer) result in an increase in certain costs related to Instruments or increased costs for the Issuer's risk management 
in relation to Instruments, such event may entitle the Issuer to: (i) substitute Underlying Assets; (ii) change a method 
for calculation of certain amounts under the Instrument; (iii) calculate certain amounts at an earlier date; and/or (iv) 
otherwise amend the Conditions. 
Risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU. 
As a result of Brexit, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies between the 
United Kingdom and EU Member States, that is, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to apply to the United Kingdom (and to 
English Court judgments).  
Further, the United Kingdom is no longer a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from the courts of 
contracting states (currently the EU Member States, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised and enforced

--- Page 24 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 24 -
70-41081773 
 
in other contracting states and its application to accede to the Lugano Convention has been blocked by the European 
Commission. 
Based on the communication by the European Commission dated 27 August 2020, Finnish courts would likely give 
effect to the Hague Convention as the applicable source of law only in respect of exclusive choice of court agreements 
concluded after 1 January 2021. As regards non-exclusive choice of court agreements (such as the Warrants) and 
exclusive choice of court agreements concluded prior to 1 January 2021, a judgment rendered by an English court 
would not be enforceable nor recognised in Finland by operation of the Hague Convention and, as a result, it is possible 
that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a United Kingdom court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland 
as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but would be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before 
the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other public authorities in Finland). On 12 January 2024, the United 
Kingdom signed (but is yet to ratify) the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Foreign Judgments in Civil or Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"), which will come into force 12 months after 
ratification by the United Kingdom. Hague 2019 provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the United 
Kingdom and the other contracting states, including EU member states, in proceedings started after it comes into force 
in the United Kingdom. Asymmetric and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be covered by Hague 2019 and will 
apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after it comes into effect, regardless of when the agreement was 
made. 
C. 
Risks relating to the form and mechanics of the Instruments 
Total cost. 
Costs are incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Instruments due to, among other things, 
production, distribution, licences, hedging costs, exchange listing and risk management. In order to cover these costs, 
the Issuer charges production fees. Such fees and commissions may be factored into the issue price or other terms of 
the Instruments (including through the setting of certain economic terms of the Instruments, e.g. the Financing Level 
or Strike Level) or may be charged separately. The amount of the commission may vary and is affected by the 
fluctuations in the price of the financial instruments included in the product. 
Investors should be aware that market participants have varying possibilities to influence the price of the financial 
instruments underlying an Instrument. The pricing of the Instruments is normally not made on the basis of negotiated 
terms but rather it is decided by the Issuer. Hence, there may be a conflict of interest between the Issuer and the 
investors, to the extent the Issuer is able to influence pricing and has a possibility to make a gain or to avoid a loss in 
relation to underlying Assets, and the Issuer does not have any fiduciary or other obligation to act in the best interests 
of Instrumentholders. The transparency relating to the pricing of the Instruments may be limited. 
Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Instruments, including purchasing the 
Underlying Asset(s) or components of the Underlying Asset(s), but will not be obliged to do so. Certain of the Issuer's 
affiliates may also purchase and sell the Underlying Asset(s) and/or component of the Underlying Asset on a regular 
basis as part of their securities businesses. Any of these activities could potentially affect the value or level of the 
Underlying Asset and, accordingly, the value of the Instruments. In addition, the disruption of such hedging 
arrangements or material increase in cost of such hedging arrangements may lead to an early redemption of the 
Instruments in whole (but not in part) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines that there has been a change in any market standard terms or market trading conventions which 
affect any hedging transaction entered into by the Issuer or another member of the Nordea Group in order to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations in relation to the Instruments, the Issuer reserves the right (without the consent of 
Instrumentholders) to amend the corresponding provisions of the Conditions in order to preserve consistency with the 
relevant hedging transaction. 
Conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may also purchase and sell the Underlying Asset(s), and/or components of the Underlying 
Assets on a regular basis as part of their securities businesses. Any of these activities could potentially affect the value 
or level of the Underlying Asset(s) and in turn the value of the Instruments. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may from time to time advise the issuer of or obligors in respect of an Underlying Asset 
or any component of an Underlying Asset regarding transactions to be entered into by them, or engage in transactions 
involving any Underlying Asset for its proprietary account and for other accounts under its management. Any such 
transactions may have a positive or negative effect on the value of such Underlying Asset, the value or level of such 
Underlying Asset and therefore on the value of the Instruments. The Issuer and/or its affiliates may also act as the 
Issuing Agent or the Calculation Agent in respect of any Series of Instruments. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may be the source of, a contributor towards or a market participant in the determination 
of the relevant price(s) in respect of an Underlying Asset. Such price may have a positive or negative effect on the 
value or level of such Underlying Asset and therefore on the value of the Instruments.

--- Page 25 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 25 -
70-41081773 
 
Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Issuer and the interests of holders of 
Instruments. 
Because the Global Instruments are held by or on behalf of clearing systems, investors will have to rely on the 
relevant clearing system's procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Instruments. Such Global 
Instruments will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Instrument, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Instruments. The relevant 
clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Instruments. While the Instruments are 
represented by one or more Global Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing system(s). 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the common depositary for the relevant clearing system(s) 
or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Instrument 
must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) to receive payments under the relevant Instruments. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Instruments. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments will not have any recourse against 
the Issuer to the extent the relevant clearing systems are do not pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Instruments. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system(s) to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments 
will not have a direct right under the Global Instruments to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Instruments but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.  
Investors will have to rely on VP's, Euronext VPS's, Euroclear Finland's or Euroclear Sweden's procedures (as the 
case may be) for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Investors in VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments will have to rely on the 
relevant clearing system's or the relevant Issuing Agent's, as the case may be, procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments issued under the Programme will not 
be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP, Euronext VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Ownership of VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish 
Instruments or Swedish Instruments will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and 
register maintained by VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations in respect of the Instruments by making payments directly to the 
relevant clearing system. Investors in VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments 
will not have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent that VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as the case may be, are do not  pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
D. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Instruments 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, which may 
adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Instruments based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing international, national and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past, disappear entirely, be 
declared unrepresentative, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Instruments linked to a rate or index deemed to 
be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.

--- Page 26 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 26 -
70-41081773 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the discontinuance 
or unavailability of the benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would 
be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can 
serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the 
euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The Copenhagen, Norwegian and Stockholm interbank offered rates are also, or have also been, in the process of reform 
to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, and it is uncertain how long they will continue in their 
current forms or whether they will be replaced with risk free instruments or alternative benchmarks.  
For Instruments not linked to benchmarks other than SOFR, if the Issuer determines that the relevant interest rate or 
benchmark has ceased to be published, or considers that there may be a Successor Rate (as defined in the Conditions) 
then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate or an alternative benchmark rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and (in either case) an adjustment spread, if applicable (as further described in 
Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation)). If it has been determined that the relevant interest rate or benchmark has 
ceased to be published, but (i) the Issuer is unable to select the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, and (ii) 
the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may elect 
to redeem the Instruments. 
For Instruments linked to SOFR, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the then-current Benchmark will be replaced by a 
Benchmark Replacement (determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions) for all purposes relating to the 
relevant Instruments in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (as 
further described in Condition 9(i) (Benchmark Cessation – SOFR). The Issuer will have to exercise its discretion to 
determine (or to elect not to determine) an Benchmark Replacement and, if applicable, a Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. 
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could 
have been made on the Instruments if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in 
relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any such Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms and/or risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
floating rate Instruments 
The use of risk-free rates – including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index 
Average ("HONIA") and the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average ("CORRA"), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. 
In particular, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term), or different measures of 
such alternative reference rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, 
as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Instruments that reference risk-free rates issued under this Programme.

--- Page 27 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 27 -
70-41081773 
 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Instruments, the trading price of 
such Instruments linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Instruments referencing rates that are more 
widely used. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future also issue Instruments referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, HONIA or CORRA that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous Instruments issued by it under this Programme.  The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any Instruments that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan 
and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Instruments referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate instruments 
issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
terms and conditions of the Instruments, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways 
to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-
free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Instruments, the trading 
price of such Instruments linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Instruments referencing indices that 
are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters in particular when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Instruments which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, HONIA, CORRA or any other risk-free rates or any related indices.   
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and 
SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas interbank offered rates such as the 
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Instruments. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, 
in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates 
nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Instruments which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Instruments 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Instruments, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Instruments without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Instruments. Further, in contrast to Instruments 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Instruments referencing backwards-looking rates are redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Instruments shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Instruments become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, HONIA or CORRA or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, HONIA or CORRA or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, HONIA or CORRA or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York, the European Central Bank, the Treasury Markets 
Association or the Bank of Canada (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded 
Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index), €STR, HONIA or CORRA, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes 
related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, SOFR, €STR, HONIA or CORRA, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
HONIA or CORRA or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation 
or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, HONIA or CORRA or any related index (in which case a fallback method

--- Page 28 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 28 -
70-41081773 
 
of determining the interest rate on the Instruments will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Holders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Risks relating to variable rate Instruments with a multiplier or other leverage factor. 
Instruments with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for Instruments that do not include those features. 
Risks relating to inverse floating rate Instruments. 
Inverse floating rate Instruments have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate, 
such as SOFR. The market values of such Instruments typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). 
Inverse floating rate Instruments are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Instruments, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Instruments. 
Risks relating to Range Accrual Instruments. 
Range Accrual Instruments provide for interest to be paid either (i) on interest payment dates occurring at regular 
intervals throughout the life of the Instruments; or (ii) in a single amount at maturity. 
The amount of interest that an investor in the Instruments receives is linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and on how many actual days during the relevant Interest Period or 
Valuation Period the level or value of the Underlying Asset(s) remains within a certain range, (the upper and lower 
limit of which is specified in the relevant Final Terms). If the level or value of the Underlying Asset(s) is below the 
lower limit or higher than the upper limit on some or all of the days in an Interest Period or Valuation Period, the 
investor may receive low or even zero interest payments, respectively, for the relevant Interest Period. Holders should 
note that no interest accrues on days when the level or value of the Underlying Asset(s) is outside of the range specified. 
The rate at which interest accrues may be a fixed rate, floating rate or other rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest payable on the Instruments is therefore also linked to the volatility of the level or value of the Underlying 
Asset(s). Range Accrual Instruments may not be suitable for investors who require regular income payments.  
E. 
Risks relating to particular Underlying Assets 
Risks relating to the performance of the Underlying Asset(s). 
With structured Instruments (for example, equity-linked Instruments, currency-linked Instruments, fund- linked 
Instruments, commodity-linked Instruments and other possible structures) the yield, and sometimes also the payment 
of the Settlement Amount, depends on the performance of one or more Underlying Assets, such as equities, indices, 
interest rates, currencies, fund units, commodities or baskets thereof, or combinations or the relationship between assets. 
If the repayment of part of or an invested amount is linked to the performance of Underlying Assets, the investor may 
risk losing the entire invested amount. The value of an Instrument will be affected by the value of the Underlying Asset. 
The valuations of the Underlying Asset may take place both during the term and on or about the relevant maturity date 
and the performance may be positive or negative for the holder. The Holder's right to yield, and where applicable, 
repayment, thus depends on the performance of the Underlying Asset and applicable performance structure. The value 
of an Instrument may, in addition to changes in the price of the Underlying Asset, be determined by the intensity of the 
price fluctuations of the Underlying Asset (commonly referred to as volatility), expectations regarding future volatility, 
market interest rates and expected dividends or other distributions on the Underlying Asset. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of Instruments may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no return or yield as a result of, amongst other things, the performance of the Underlying 
Assets; 
(c) 
payment may occur at a different time; 
(d) 
the amount payable at redemption may be less than the amount originally invested in such Instruments or 
even zero; 
(e) 
the Underlying Asset may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
where the Instrument is designed to provide a return in a declining market (a put warrant or Bear Certificate) 
an increase in the value of the Underlying Asset may generate a decrease in the value of the Instrument;

--- Page 29 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 29 -
70-41081773 
 
(g) 
if the performance of the Instruments contains a multiplier greater than one (or minus one) or contains some 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Underlying Asset on amounts payable in respect of the 
Instruments is likely to be magnified; and 
(h) 
the timing of changes in the value of one or more Underlying Asset may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the value 
of one or more Underlying Asset, the greater the effect on yield. 
Further, Holders and prospective purchasers of such Instruments should ensure that they understand the nature of such 
Instruments and the extent of their exposure to risk and that they consider the suitability of such Instruments as an 
investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. A small movement in the value of one or more 
Underlying Asset may result in a significant change in the value of such Instruments. Holders, and prospective 
purchasers of such Instruments, should form their own views of the merits of an investment based upon such 
investigations. 
No ownership rights. 
An investment in the Instruments is not the same as an investment in the Underlying Asset(s) and does not confer any 
legal or beneficial interest in the Underlying Asset(s) or any component of the Underlying Asset(s) or any voting rights, 
rights to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the Underlying Asset(s) or any component of the Underlying 
Asset(s) would have. The Instruments are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. No security has been 
taken in respect of the Underlying Asset(s) or any component of the Underlying Asset(s). In the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency, the holders of Instruments will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer. In such a case, an investor will 
accordingly risk losing some or all of its investment in the Instruments. See "Instrumentholders are subject to credit 
risk on the Issuer". 
Risks associated with Baskets comprising various constituents as Underlying Assets. 
(a) 
Exposure to performance of basket and its underlying constituents 
Where the Instruments reference one or more basket(s) of assets as Underlying Assets, the investors in such 
Instruments are exposed to the performance of such basket(s). The investors will bear the risk of the 
performance of each of the basket constituents. 
(b) 
A high correlation of basket constituents may have a significant effect on amounts payable 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual basket 
constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents originate from 
the same sector and the same country, a high positive correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of 
correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation: investors should be aware that, though 
basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer the 
same adverse performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. Where the 
basket constituents are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of the basket constituents 
will exaggerate the performance of the Instruments. 
(c) 
The negative performance of a single basket constituent, or a single basket in multiple-basket structures, may 
outweigh a positive performance of one or more other basket constituents or baskets 
Investors in Instruments must be aware that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more basket 
constituents, or a single basket in multiple-basket structures, the performance of the basket or the Instruments 
as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other basket constituents or other baskets is negative to 
a greater extent, subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments. 
(d) 
A small basket, an unequally weighted basket will generally leave the basket more vulnerable to changes in 
the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, subject to the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, be more affected by changes in the value of any particular 
basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a greater number of basket constituents. 
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents or bases the level of the 
entire basket only on the value of one of the basket constituents will generally, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Instruments, be more affected by changes in the value of any such particular basket 
constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal weight to each basket constituent. 
(e) 
A change in composition of one or more basket(s) may have an adverse effect on Basket Return 
Where the Instruments grant the Issuer or the Calculation Agent the right, in certain circumstances, to adjust 
the composition of the basket, investors should be aware that any replacement basket constituent may perform

--- Page 30 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 30 -
70-41081773 
 
differently from the anticipated performance of the original basket constituent, which may have an adverse 
effect on the performance of the basket. 
Risk relating to limited information in relation to certain Underlying Assets. 
In relation to certain Underlying Assets, for example, certain hedge funds or indices composed of hedge funds, there is 
limited access to information since, among other things, the official closing price of some of these Underlying Assets 
is published less frequently. The composition of certain indices and funds may be confidential for strategic reasons. 
Other factors limiting transparency in relation to such Underlying Assets may be that the Underlying Asset is not 
subject to continuous trading, that valuation models for determination of the value of the Underlying Assets are not 
reported to the investors and those underlying factors which affect the value of the Underlying Asset are not public. As 
a result, it may be difficult for investors to assess the value of the Underlying Assets and therefore the value of an 
investment in the Instruments. 
Currency fluctuations. 
Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, 
interest rate levels, the balance of payments between countries, the extent of any governmental surplus or deficit and 
the monetary, fiscal and/or trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies. Currency fluctuations 
may affect the value or level of the Underlying Assets in complex ways. If such currency fluctuations cause the value 
or level of the Underlying Assets to vary, the value or level of the Instruments may fall. If the value or level of one or 
more Underlying Asset(s) is denominated in a currency that is different from the currency of the Instruments, investors 
in the Instruments may also be subject to increased foreign exchange risk and may suffer significant losses even if the 
value of the Underlying Asset in its currency of denomination is at or above its original level. Previous foreign exchange 
rates are not necessarily indicative of future foreign exchange rates. 
Risks relating to market disruption and extraordinary events. 
Market disruption can occur, for example, if the trading in Underlying Assets or any yield or financing component is 
suspended or an official price for some reason is not listed, for example upon the discontinuation of a published rate or 
index. In conjunction with market disruption, the value of Underlying Assets or any yield or financing component is 
determined at a different time than initially intended and, in certain cases, also by another method than initially intended. 
Certain Underlying Assets such as equities, equity baskets or fund units may be affected by extraordinary events such 
as delisting, nationalisation, bankruptcy, liquidation or the equivalent or a share split, new share issue, bonus issue, 
issuance of warrants or convertibles, reverse share split or buyback in respect of such equity or equity basket which 
constitutes an Underlying Asset. For all Instruments, events such as changes in the law or increased costs for risk 
management may arise. If so, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and in accordance with Condition 11 (Extraordinary 
Events) replace one Underlying Asset or yield or financing component with another Underlying Asset or yield or 
financing component, or make adjustments to the calculation of the yield or value of the Instruments, to the extent that 
the Issuer deems necessary in order for the calculation of the yield or value of Instruments to, in the Issuer's opinion, 
reflect the manner in which yield or value was previously calculated. It may be that the Issuer believes that such 
adjustments cannot procure a fair result, in which case the Issuer may redeem the Instruments early and determine the 
Settlement Amount or the yield. See also - Condition 11 (Extraordinary Events), which sets out the rights of the Issuer 
to make any adjustments in an extraordinary event. 
Reading of values of Underlying Assets. 
In certain yield structures, the initial price or the closing price is recorded on a number of occasions in order to calculate 
an average price. The aim is to minimise the risk of single extreme values greatly affecting the price. Investors should, 
however, appreciate the fact that the value on such recording occasions will affect the average price, entailing that the 
relevant price may be lower or higher than the actual price on the any specific day. In some Instruments however, the 
value is determined on the basis of a single valuation, hence, there is a risk that some extreme values could affect the 
initial price or the final price (as applicable). 
Risks associated with interest rates as Underlying Assets. 
The performance of Instruments where the Underlying Asset is an interest rate is subject to the level of one or more 
interest rates, which will be subject to fluctuations over time. Such fluctuations could adversely affect the amount 
payable on, and the value of, the Instruments. The relevant interest rates may be subject to fallbacks if such rate(s) are 
not published. Payment on the Instruments may be delayed as a result. See also "– Risks relating to interest features of 
the Instruments". 
Risks associated with Equities as Underlying Assets. 
An investment in equity linked Instruments entails significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in 
conventional debt security.

--- Page 31 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 31 -
70-41081773 
 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of equities may adversely affect the value of the Instruments 
The performance of equities is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates and price levels 
on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific factors such as earnings 
position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
(b) 
No claim against the issuer of the Underlying Assets or recourse to the Underlying Assets 
Equity linked Instruments do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of equity securities 
(an "Equity Issuer") to which they are linked and Instrumentholders will not have any right of recourse under 
the Instruments to any such company or the equities. The Instruments are not in any way sponsored, endorsed 
or promoted by any Equity Issuer and such companies have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions for any Instrumentholders. Accordingly, the issuer of an equity may take any 
actions in respect of such equity without regard to the interests of the investors in the Instruments, and any of 
these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Instruments. 
In the event of actions having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the underlying 
equity, or extraordinary events such as a merger or spin-off, the Issuer may make adjustments to the terms of 
the Instruments to reflect the occurrence of such event, and may recalculate the economic terms of the 
Instrument or adjust the underlying assets as deemed appropriate by the Issuer to preserve the theoretical 
value of the Instruments.  
In the case of Instruments relating to equities, no issuer of such equities will have participated in establishing 
the terms of the Instruments and neither Issuer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such 
offering with respect to the information concerning any such issuer of equities contained in the relevant Final 
Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no 
assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant Issue Date (including events that would affect the 
accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any relevant 
Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the equities will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such 
an issuer of equities could affect the trading price of the equities and therefore the trading price of the 
Instruments. 
Risks associated with Indices as Underlying Assets. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Instruments 
Indices comprise a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets and, as such, the performance of an Index is 
dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or other components that comprise such 
Index, which may include interest rates and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, 
political factors and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings position, market 
position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
(b) 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the Instruments do not reflect direct investment in underlying equities or 
other items comprising the Index 
The return payable on Instruments that reference Indices may not reflect the return an investor would realise 
if he or she actually owned the relevant items comprising the components of the Index. For example, if the 
components of the Indices are shares, Instrumentholders will not receive any dividends paid on those shares 
and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the relevant Index takes such dividends into 
account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Even if the rules of the relevant underlying Index 
provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of the components are reinvested in the Index and 
therefore result in raising its level, in some circumstances, the dividends or other distributions may not be 
fully reinvested in such Index. Similarly, Instrumentholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying 
equities or any other assets which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, investors 
in Instruments that reference Indices as Underlying Assets may receive a lower payment upon settlement or 
redemption of such Instruments than such investor would have received if he or she had invested in the 
components of the Index directly. 
(c) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Instruments 
The sponsor or administrator of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The modification of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index, as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by 
the Issuer to the investors in the Instruments. The sponsor or administrator of any such Index may also alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index, and may be obliged to do so in certain 
circumstances pursuant to the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The sponsor or administrator

--- Page 32 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 32 -
70-41081773 
 
of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Instruments and will have no obligation to 
any investor in such Instruments. The sponsor or administrator of an Index may take any actions in respect of 
such Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Instruments, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Instruments. See "There are risks that certain benchmarks may be 
administered differently or discontinued in the future —" above. 
(d) 
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices, see "—Risks associated with Commodities as 
Underlying Assets". 
(e) 
There are additional risks in relation to Credit Indices, see "—Risks associated with Credit Indices as 
Underlying Assets". 
(f) 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining indices 
portfolios or strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, "Proprietary Indices"). These 
indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the 
methodology for determining the composition and the calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the "Rules"). 
In respect of Proprietary Indices to which Instruments are linked, the Issuer may face a conflict of interest 
between its obligations as the Issuer of such Instruments and its role (or the role of one or more of its affiliates) 
as the composer, promoter, designer or administrator of such indices, as the determination of the composition 
of such indices, any amendment, supplement or modification to the Rules, or any modification of certain 
parameters or the valuation of certain Component Securities, may have an impact on the price or value of the 
Instruments. 
The Issuer and any other Index Sponsor may, from time to time, exercise reasonable discretion as they deem 
appropriate in order to ensure the integrity of any Proprietary Index. They may also, in certain circumstances, 
apply discretionary adjustments to ensure and maintain the high quality of the index construction and 
calculation. The Issuer and its affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any Proprietary 
Index, or of the data used to calculate the Index or determine the Index components, or the uninterrupted or 
timely calculation or dissemination of any Proprietary Index. Moreover, the Issuer and its affiliates do not 
guarantee that any Index accurately reflects past, present, or future market performance. 
The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may also have banking or other commercial relationships with third parties 
in relation to a Proprietary Index, and may engage in trading in such index (including such trading as the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates deem appropriate in their sole and absolute discretion to hedge its market risk on 
any transactions that may relate to Proprietary Indices), which may adversely affect the level of such Index. 
If the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with a particular index are disrupted, 
the Issuer or the relevant affiliate may also decide to terminate calculations in relation to such Index sooner 
than another index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. 
All of the above factors may result in consequences which may be adverse to Instrumentholders, and may 
have a detrimental impact on the price or value of the Instruments. The Issuer does not have any duty or 
obligation to create, operate or maintain Proprietary Indices in a manner that is intended to promote the best 
interests of Instrumentholders. 
Risks associated with Inflation Indices as Underlying Assets. 
The performance structures may determine the interest and/or redemption amounts payable on the Instruments by 
reference to the level of an inflation index (an "Inflation Index") or a basket of inflation indices, either in the form of 
Inflation-Linked Instruments or through the use of Inflation Indices as Underlying Assets. 
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of Instruments relating 
to Inflation Indices, including: 
 
general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and/or events; and/or 
 
fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources (including in response to 
supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or 
 
the level of inflation in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. 
In particular, the level of an Inflation Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets.

--- Page 33 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 33 -
70-41081773 
 
Risks associated with Foreign Exchange Rates as Underlying Assets or as part of the Performance Structure. 
Instruments may be denominated in one currency (the "Reference Currency") but payable in another currency (the 
"Currency"). The value of the Instruments could therefore be affected by fluctuations in the value of the Reference 
Currency as compared to the Currency (which may be calculated, where applicable, on a cross-currency basis). This 
presents certain risks that the exchange rate (or the exchange rates) used to determine the Currency amount of any 
payments in respect of the Instruments may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation or revaluation 
of the Currency as compared to the Reference Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over such 
currencies could cause a decrease in (1) the Currency equivalent yield on the Instruments, (2) the Currency equivalent 
value of the amount payable in respect of the relevant Instruments and (3) the Currency equivalent market value of the 
Instruments. Therefore, there is a possibility that the Currency value of the Instruments at the time of any sale or 
redemption, cancellation or exercise, as the case may be, of the Instruments may be below the value of the investor's 
original investment in the Instruments, depending on the exchange rate at the time of any such sale or redemption, 
cancellation or exercise, as the case may be. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant foreign exchange rate may adversely affect the value of the 
Instruments 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Instruments are linked will affect the nature and value of the 
investment return on the Instruments. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the supply 
and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic 
factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making 
financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central 
banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a 
new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or 
transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. 
(b) 
Nordea is a major foreign exchange dealer and is subject to conflicts of interest 
Investors should note that certain members of the Nordea Group are regular participants in the foreign 
exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may affect transactions for their own account 
or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in currencies and related derivatives, 
including in the currencies that constitute Underlying Assets in relation to the Instruments. Such transactions 
may affect the relevant Underlying Assets, the market price, liquidity or value of the Instruments and could 
be adverse to the interests of Instrumentholders. No members of the Nordea Group has any duty to enter into 
such transactions in a manner which is favourable to Instrument Holders. 
(c) 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
Currency-linked Instruments linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less 
certainty as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against other 
currencies. 
Risks associated with Commodities as Underlying Assets. 
An investment in commodity-linked Instruments entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in conventional debt security.  
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of commodities may adversely affect the value of the Instruments; 
commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities is speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices are affected by a 
variety of factors that are unpredictable, including, for example, changes in supply and demand relationships, 
weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, governmental programmes and policies, national and 
international political, military, terrorist and economic events, fiscal, monetary and exchange control 
programmes, changes in interest and exchange rates and changes and suspensions or disruptions of market 
trading activities in commodities and related contracts. Commodity prices may be more volatile than other 
asset classes, making investments in commodities riskier than other investments. 
(b) 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain commodity contracts 
may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges 
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, and which 
are generally traded at a "Spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are agreements either to (A) buy 
or sell a set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period (which 
may be referred to as a delivery month) or to (B) make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the 
price of the underlying commodity. The costs of storage and transport of physical commodities may have a

--- Page 34 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 34 -
70-41081773 
 
significant impact on both spot prices and commodity contracts at times of unexpectedly low demand for the 
underlying physical asset. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures contracts). 
Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-the-counter" on trading 
facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. 
Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be subject to the same provisions as, and 
the protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges, and there may 
therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts. 
(c) 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the Commodities may lead to an early redemption or cancellation 
Commodities are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change in ways that could affect the ability 
of the Issuer or any other member of the Nordea Group engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Instruments to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the 
Instruments, and/or could lead to the early redemption or cancellation of the Instruments. 
Rolling of Commodity Indices. 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity contracts on certain 
commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the respective commodities included in a 
commodity index will depend on the particular index, and is generally described in the relevant index rules 
of the index. 
Commodity indices apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an ongoing 
exposure to such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be rolled pursuant to the 
relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the commodity contract was 
liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) commodity contract for an equivalent 
exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described below with regard to "rolling" on the value of an 
Underlying Asset of the Instruments also apply with regard to the index level of a Commodity index.  
Risks associated with Futures Contracts as Underlying Assets. 
(a) 
Instruments which are linked to futures contracts may provide a different return than Instruments linked to 
the relevant underlying asset and will have certain other risks 
The price of a futures contract will generally be at a premium or at a discount to the spot price of the underlying 
asset. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses 
(e.g. warehousing, transport and insurance costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general 
factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In addition, and depending on the asset, there can be 
significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Instruments which 
are linked to futures contracts may provide a different return than Instruments directly linked to the relevant 
asset. However, futures contracts are also expected to be impacted by the relevant risks which impact the 
underlying asset (for example, where an Instrument is linked to a futures contract with an interest rate as the 
underlying, the risk factors set out under "– Risks relating to interest features of the Instruments" above may 
also impact such Instruments). 
Investments in futures contracts involve certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder of a 
futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain exchanges limit fluctuations in 
such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the price of a particular futures contract has 
increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contract can neither be taken nor 
liquidated unless holders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from 
promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in 
various assets occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. 
Any such losses in such circumstances could have a negative adverse effect on the return of any Instruments, 
the Underlying Asset for which is the affected futures contract. 
In the case of a direct investment in futures contracts, the invested capital may be applied in whole or in part 
by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective counterparties under the futures contracts. 
Such capital will generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase the return of the investor making 
such direct investment. However, holders of Instruments linked to the price of futures contracts do not 
participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised investment in futures contracts. 
(b) 
Additional risks in relation to the "rolling" of futures contracts (including futures contracts which are 
components of an Index) 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date – i.e. a date on which trading of the futures contract 
ceases. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in delivery of the underlying asset or the 
requirement to make or receive a cash settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the futures contracts means that the

--- Page 35 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 35 -
70-41081773 
 
contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") are sold before they expire and 
futures contracts that have an expiration date further in the future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") are 
purchased. Investments in futures apply "rolling" of the component futures contracts in order to maintain an 
ongoing exposure to the relevant underlying assets. 
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in a number of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through "rolling" 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract (the contract is said to be in "backwardation"), then "rolling" from the former to the latter 
will result in exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated contracts being taken. Therefore, any 
loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will be 
greater than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-
dated futures contract (the contract is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure 
to a smaller number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on 
the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will be less than if one 
had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation), such may be expected to 
(though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect over time 
Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price of the longer-dated futures contract will 
generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such event, rolling 
is generally expected to have a negative effect on an investment in the futures contract. Where a 
futures contract is in "backwardation", then the price of the longer-dated futures contract will 
generally be expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the 
investment in the relevant futures contract can generally be expected to be positively affected. 
Risks associated with Credit Indices as Underlying Assets. 
(a) 
Correlation risk 
An investment in credit-linked Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional 
fixed rate or floating rate debt security. Such risks include exposure to the credit risk of the entities comprised 
in the relevant Index in addition to that of the Issuer. Depending on the manner in which the particular Index 
is linked to the credit of the component entities, a fall in the creditworthiness of a particular entity (or where 
perceptions worsen regarding the creditworthiness of a particular entity), may greatly reduce the market value 
of the related Instruments and any payments of principal or interest then due. Furthermore, a credit 
deterioration in one underlying company may be strongly correlated with credit deterioration of other 
underlying companies included in the Index, resulting in substantial decreases over a relatively short period 
of time in the market value of the related Instruments and any payments then due. 
(b) 
Loss of investment 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, Bankruptcy, 
Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental Intervention 
or another Event of Default) in relation to one or more entities comprising an Index (a "Credit Event"), the 
Issuer's obligation to pay or perform other obligations under the Instruments may be reduced or extinguished. 
Potential investors in any such Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the Instruments 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest or yield and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment. 
(c) 
Credit Event Determination  
Under the terms and conditions of the credit-linked Instruments it is the Issuer's responsibility to determine 
whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a particular Index component. The ISDA Credit Event 
Determinations Committee will not necessarily publish a determination in respect of every potential Credit 
Event, and therefore the Issuer may need to consult public information sources or use its own observations 
and judgment in determining whether and when a Credit Event may have occurred. Although the Issuer will 
endeavour to take reasonable care in making any such determination, it may be difficult to obtain information 
to support the occurrence of a Credit Event, and the Issuer has no fiduciary duty to act in the interests of 
Holders in making any such determination. The Issuer may also have exposure to the debt obligations of one

--- Page 36 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 36 -
70-41081773 
 
or more Index components, and there may therefore be a conflict of interest between the Issuer's role in 
determining one or more Credit Events and the interests of Holders.    
(d) 
No need for Issuer to suffer loss with respect to any Index component 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of credit-linked Instruments are irrespective of the existence or amount of 
the Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to an Index component and the Issuer and/or any affiliate 
need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
(e) 
No information regarding Index component 
No investigation has been or will be made regarding any of the Index components. Prospective investors in 
credit-linked Instruments should obtain and evaluate information regarding the Index components as if they 
were investing directly in the debt obligations of the Index components. In addition, investors should 
understand that the historical performance of any specific debt obligation or the debt obligations of such Index 
components generally is not predictive of future performance. As none of the Index components has 
participated in the preparation of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that all material events or 
information regarding the Index components have been disclosed at the time the Instruments are issued. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the failure to disclose material events concerning any of the Index 
components could affect the redemption amount payable on the Instruments or the general trading price of 
the Instruments, or affect the ability of the Issuer to determine whether or not a credit event has occurred in 
respect of a particular Index component. 
(f) 
Debt obligations may consist of subordinated debt 
Any debt obligations comprised in credit indices may include subordinated debt obligations. Such 
subordinated debt obligations will rank junior to, and the value of such subordinated debt obligations may be 
less than that of, senior obligations in respect of the same constituent entity, and the value of such subordinated 
debt obligations may even be zero in circumstances where a Credit Event has occurred. The Issuer is under 
no fiduciary duty to select constituent entities or deliverable assets of any particular value or that maximise 
value for Instrumentholders. 
Risks associated with Reference Bonds as Underlying Assets. 
(a) 
Illiquidty 
A Reference Bond may or may not be listed (or it may cease to be listed during its term) and an established 
trading market in such Reference Bond may or may not develop or may cease of exist during the term of such 
Reference Bond. This may have an adverse impact on the price and/or value of the Reference Bond, which 
may in turn have an impact on value of the relevant Instruments which are dependent upon the value of such 
Reference Bond. 
(b) 
Early settlement 
A Reference Bond may be redeemed early pursuant to the provisions of such Reference Bond or it may be 
reprurchased and/or exchange by the Reference Issuer prior to its maturity date. Any such early redemption, 
repayment or exchange of the Reference Bond or the occurrement of any other Reference Bond Credit Event 
or Reference Bond Call Event (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any amendments to the terms and 
conditions of the Reference Bond) may result in the relevant Instruments being settled prior to the scheduled 
Settlement Date. Such early settlement may occur at an amount whicn is lower than the amount an investor 
may have received on the original Settlement Date in respect of such Instruments. Furthermore, the investor 
may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in a comparable security provide an equivalent effective return. An 
option to settle any Instruments prior to their scheduled Settlement Date may also act to limit the value of 
such Instruments.  
(c) 
Limited information in respect of the Reference Bond 
There may be limited publicly information in connection with a Reference Bond and the related Reference 
Bond Issuer. This is particularly likely to be the case where the Reference Bond is not listed. This is likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the Reference Bond and any price and/or value of such Reference 
Bond. This may have an adverse impact on the value of any Instruments where such Reference Bond is the 
Underlying Asset. 
No investigation has been or will be made regarding any Reference Bond. Prospective investors in Instruments 
linked to a Reference Bond should obtain and evaluate information regarding such Reference Bond as if they 
were investing directly in such Reference Bond. In addition, investors should understand that the historical 
performance of any Reference Bond generally is not predictive of future performance.

--- Page 37 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 37 -
70-41081773 
 
(d) 
Reference Bond may constitute subordinated debt 
A Reference Bond may constitute subordinated debt obligation of the relevant Reference Bond Issuer and any 
Reference Bond Guarantor. Such subordinated debt obligations will rank junior to, and the value of such 
subordinated debt obligations may be less than that of, senior obligations of the same Reference Bond Issuer 
and any Reference Bond Guarantor (as applicable), and the value of such subordinated debt obligations may 
even be zero in certain circumstances.  
Instruments linked to the performance of funds. 
The Issuer may issue Instruments where the Settlement Amount or, if applicable, the Interest Amount or Yield Amount 
is linked to the performance of a unit, share or other interest in a fund. Such funds may include mutual funds or any 
other types of fund in any jurisdiction, or any combination of the foregoing. Investments offering direct or indirect 
exposure to the performance of funds are generally considered to be particularly risky and may bear similar risks, 
including but not limited to, market risks to a direct investment in funds. 
Prospective investors should note that payments on redemption or termination of Fund-Linked Instruments at maturity, 
expiration, early redemption or early termination may be postponed, in accordance with the Conditions, up to a 
specified long stop date and if the specified long stop date is reached, for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
Amount or any other such redemption amounts, as applicable, the affected fund interest units or shares may be deemed 
to have a zero value. Prospective investors should also be aware that if one or more events occurs in relation to the 
Fund or any fund manager, including insolvency of the Fund or fund manager, then the Issuer, may in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether the Fund-Linked Instruments should be amended or should be redeemed or 
terminated early. If the Issuer determines that the Fund-Linked Instruments will continue, this may result in the 
substitution of the affected interests in the fund with other shares or interests with similar characteristics or adjustments 
to the Conditions of the Instruments to account for the occurrence of the relevant event. These actions may have an 
adverse effect on the return and risk profile of the relevant Fund-Linked Instruments, and consequently, the value of 
such Fund-Linked Instruments and if the Fund-Linked Instruments are redeemed or terminated early the amount 
investors receive may be considerably less than their original investment and may even be zero. 
The risks associated with investing in Fund-Linked Instruments are similar to the risks attached to a direct investment 
in the underlying fund or funds. There are substantial risks in directly or indirectly investing in funds including, without 
limitation, the risks set out below. Prospective investors should note that references to funds below can refer both to 
the funds referenced in any Fund-Linked Instruments and also to any funds in which any of those funds invests its 
assets from time to time: 
Investments risks that prospective investors should be aware of include the following: 
1. 
Different types of funds are subject to differing levels of regulatory supervision. 
2. 
Funds may have varying restrictions on leverage. Leverage presents the potential for a higher rate of return 
but also increases the volatility of the fund and increases the risk of a total loss of the amount invested. 
3. 
Funds may have differing investment restrictions and some funds may invest in assets which are illiquid or 
difficult to transfer. This may have an effect on the realisation of such assets and in turn, the value and 
performance of the fund. In addition, a fund's assets or investments may be concentrated in a few markets, 
countries, industries, commodities, sectors of an economy or issuers. If so, adverse movements in a particular 
market, country, industry, commodity, economy or industry or in the value of the securities of a particular 
issuer could have a severely negative effect on the value of such a fund. In addition, a fund may use a single 
advisor or employ a single strategy, which could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. 
4. 
Substantial redemptions by holders of interests in a fund within a short period of time could require the fund's 
investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) to liquidate positions more rapidly than would otherwise be desirable, 
which could adversely affect the value of the fund's assets. 
5. 
The performance of a fund will be heavily dependent on the performance of investments selected by its 
advisers or investment managers and the skill and expertise of such fund service providers in making 
successful and profitable investment decisions. Such skill and expertise may be concentrated in a number of 
the adviser's or investment manager's key personnel. Should these key personnel leave or become no longer 
associated with the fund's adviser or investment manager, the value or profitability of the fund's investments 
may be adversely affected as a result. 
F. 
Risks relating to certain performance features 
Risks related to the complexity of the product. 
The yield structure for the Instruments is sometimes complex and may contain mathematical formulae or relationships 
which, for the investor, may be difficult to understand and compare with other investment alternatives. The relationship 
between yield and risk may be difficult to assess. As to the correlation between yield and risk it can generally be said

--- Page 38 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 38 -
70-41081773 
 
that a relatively high yield most often is associated with relatively greater levels of risk. One way of increasing the 
probability of a higher yield is, for example, to include leverage effects in the yield structure which results in 
comparatively small changes in the performance of Underlying Assets that may have major effects for the value and 
yield on Instruments. Such a structure is generally also associated with a higher risk (see Risks relating to particular 
Underlying Assets). The past performance of corresponding investments is only a description of the historical 
performance of the investment and shall not to be regarded as an indication of future yield. Information regarding past 
performance is not available with respect to certain reference objects; for example, with respect to certain hedge funds. 
Investors should carefully consider which yield structure applies to the Instruments or Instruments in which the investor 
is investing in order to obtain an understanding of how the relevant Instruments operate in different scenarios and the 
risks an investment in the Instruments entails. 
Leverage Risks. 
Due to the structure of Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited 
Turbos, the performance of the underlying asset impacts on the price of the Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrant, 
MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos and may lead to larger profits or losses on invested capital 
than if the investment had been made directly in the underlying asset. This is normally expressed by saying that 
Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos have a leverage 
effect compared with an investment in the underlying asset, i.e. a change in price (both upwards and downwards) for 
the underlying asset results, in percentage terms, in a greater change in the value of the Warrants, Turbo Warrants, 
Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos. Leveraged structures offer a higher 
exposure to the Underlying Asset than the amount that the invested capital would otherwise allow. The leverage is 
often created by the application of a participation ratio or multiplier which gives a greater than 100 per cent exposure 
to the Underlying Assets. The leverage can sometimes vary over time according to a predefined mechanism. Such 
mechanism may also serve the purpose of keeping the leverage and/or the exposure to the Underlying Assets within 
certain limits. Consequently, the risk associated with an investment in Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, 
MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos is greater than with an investment in underlying assets. 
Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos may become 
worthless. 
Risks relating to short exposures. 
A "long" exposure means that the performance of the Instrument will appreciate when the value of the underlying asset 
increases.  Conversely Instruments that have a "short" exposure, including Bear Certificates, will decline in value where 
the value of the underlying asset increases.  A rise in the value of the underlying asset could therefore result in the 
investor losing some or all of the invested capital. 
Caps and floors. 
The formula or other basis for determining the value and/or performance of the Underlying Asset in respect of a Series 
of Instruments (or of individual Basket Components) may provide for a maximum value, or cap, such that any value 
and/or performance of the Underlying Asset (or individual Basket components) in excess of the applicable cap will not 
be taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination. Amounts payable on the Instruments linked to 
such capped value and/or performance will be limited accordingly. The formula or other basis for determining the value 
and/or performance of the Underlying Asset (or Basket Components) may provide for a minimum value, or floor, such 
that any value or performance of the Underlying Asset (or Basket Components) below the applicable floor will not be 
taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination. Any such floor may not however be set at a level that 
ensures that the principal amount of the Instruments is fully protected, and an investor may still lose a significant 
proportion of their invested capital.

--- Page 39 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 39 -
70-41081773 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024, including the auditor's review report and the notes relating thereto, set out on pages 32 to 57 (inclusive) 
and 60 of the Third-Quarter Financial Report 2024 of the Nordea Group (available at 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/interim-report-third-quarter-2024-0.pdf) (the "Q3 2024 Report"); 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
including the auditor's report and notes relating thereto, set out on pages 102 to 244 and 323 to 328 (inclusive) 
of the 2023 annual report of the Nordea Group (available at: https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/annual-report-
nordea-bank-abp-2023.pdf); 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
including the auditor's report and notes relating thereto, set out on pages 94 to 230 and 311 to 316 (inclusive) 
of the 2022 annual report of the Nordea Group (available at: https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/annual-report-
nordea-bank-abp-2022.pdf); 
4. 
future audited consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group (including the auditor's reports and notes 
relating thereto) (the "Annual Reports"), which have been previously published. Copies of the Annual 
Reports 
can 
be 
obtained, 
free 
of 
charge, 
from 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/group-annual-reports); 
5. 
future unaudited consolidated income statement, unaudited consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
the unaudited consolidated balance sheet, the unaudited consolidated statement of changes in equity, the 
unaudited consolidated cash flow statement (condensed), the notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
the Issuer's unaudited income statement, the Issuer's unaudited balance sheet and the notes to the Issuer's 
financial statements and the auditor's report on their review, in each case contained in the 'Financial 
Statements' section of the Issuer's future quarterly interim reports (the "Interim Reports"), which have been 
previously published. Copies of the Interim Reports can be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer's website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/group-interim-reports); 
6. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2016, pages 131 
to 234 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-119295/2016-06-15_Base-Prospectus-Warrants-and-Certificates-
Programme-June-2016_EN.pdf  
7. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2017, pages 72 
to 126 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-2017-final.pdf   
8. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2018, pages 78-
135 (inclusive) available at:  
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
267787/Base%20Prospectus%20Warrants%20and%20Certificates%20Programme,%20June%202018.pdf  
9. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2018, 
pages 76-134 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-warrants-and-certificates-programme-18-december-
2018.pdf    
10. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2019, 
pages 53 to 109 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-for-warrants-and-certificates-programme-18-december-
2019.pdf    
11. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020, 
pages 66 to 123 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-warrants-and-certificates-programme-18-december-
2020.pdf

--- Page 40 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 40 -
70-41081773 
 
and as amended by Supplement No. 2 dated 3 March 2021 to the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020, 
pages 3 to 6 (inclusive) available at:  
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/supplement-no.-2-dated-3-march-2021-to-the-base-prospectus-for-
warrants-and-certificates-dated  
12. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021, 
pages 59 to 115 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-for-warrants-and-certificates-programme-17-december-
20210.pdf    
13. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022, 
pages 58 to 114 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-warrants-and-certificates-programme-16-december-
2022.pdf  
14. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023, 
pages 58 to 119 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/nordea-wc-u23-base-prospectus.pdf  
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
https://www.nordea.com. Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified 
above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Instruments, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Instruments. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or 
in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any websites referred to herein have not been reviewed or approved by the Central Bank and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 41 -
70-41081773 
 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Instruments may be issued as Registered Instruments (as defined below), VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish 
Instruments or Swedish Instruments, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Registered Instruments 
Instruments of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") will be in the 
form of either individual Instruments in registered form ("Individual Instruments") or a global Instrument in 
registered form (a "Global Registered Instrument"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Instrument will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Instrument will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in 
accordance with its terms for Individual Instruments. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being "Individual Instruments", then the Instruments 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Instruments issued to each Instrumentholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being "Global Registered Instrument exchangeable for 
Individual Instruments", then the Instruments will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Instrument which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Instruments if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so. 
Whenever the Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Individual Instruments, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Instruments will be issued in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of the Global Registered Instrument 
within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Instrument 
to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Instruments (including, 
without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Instruments are to be 
registered and the amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Instrument at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Instruments scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Instruments have not been delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after they are 
due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Instrument; or 
(b) 
any of the Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Instruments or the date for final redemption of the 
Instruments has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all 
accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Instrument in accordance 
with the terms of the Global Registered Instrument on the due date for payment, 
then, at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) the Global Registered Instrument will become void and the holder of the Global 
Registered Instrument will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of 
the Global Registered Instrument or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Instrument will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Instrument became void, they had 
been the holders of Individual Instruments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Instruments they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Instrument will be endorsed on that Individual Instrument and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.

--- Page 42 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 42 -
70-41081773 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Instrument will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form" below. 
Form of VP Instruments 
Each Tranche of VP Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 198 of 26 February 2024, as amended from time to time) 
(Kapitalmarkedsloven), the Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended from time to time 
(Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish Executive Order"), 
and the VP Rule Book in force, and as amended from time to time (the "VP Rule Book"). No global or definitive 
Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a VP Instrument will be the person evidenced as such by 
the register for such Instrument maintained by VP Securities A/S. Where a nominee in accordance with the Danish 
Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven) is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant VP 
Instrument. 
Form of VPS Instruments 
Each Tranche of VPS Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared and 
settled through Euronext VPS. Legal title to the VPS Instruments will be evidenced by book entries in the records of 
Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Instruments 
will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
Title to the VPS Instruments will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at 
Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS. The holder of a VPS Instrument will be 
the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. The person evidenced (including any 
nominee) as a holder of the VPS Instruments shall be treated as the holder of such VPS Instruments for the purposes 
of payment of principal or interest on such VPS Instruments. The expressions "Instrumentholders" and "holder of 
Instruments" and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. 
Form of Finnish Instruments 
Each Tranche of Finnish Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance 
with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Settlement Activities (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-
osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended. No global or definitive Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder 
of a Finnish Instrument will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such Instrument maintained by Euroclear 
Finland on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee in accordance with such legislation is so evidenced it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Finnish Instrument. 
Form of Swedish Instruments 
Each Tranche of Swedish Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). No global or definitive Instruments will be issued in respect 
thereof. The holder of a Swedish Instrument will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such Instrument 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with the 
SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Instrument.

--- Page 43 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 43 -
70-41081773 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument, references in the Conditions 
of the Instruments to "Instrumentholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Instrument 
is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Instrument is held by or on 
behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Instrument (each an "Accountholder") must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) 
for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Registered Instrument 
and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Registered Instrument. The extent to which, and the manner 
in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Registered Instrument will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Instruments are represented by a Global Registered Instrument, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Instruments and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Instrument. 
Conditions applicable to Global Registered Instruments 
Each Global Registered Instrument will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Instruments as they 
apply to the Global Registered Instrument. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Registered Instrument which, according to the Conditions of the 
Instruments, require presentation and/or surrender of an Individual Instrument will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Registered 
Instrument to or to the order of the Registrar and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities 
of the Issuer in respect of the Instruments. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Registered Instrument, the Business Day for the purposes of payments 
shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not 
euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Instrument will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business 
Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day 
on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Instrument is being held is open for business. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Instruments are represented by a Global Registered 
Instrument deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, notices to Instrumentholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Instrumentholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 44 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 44 -
70-41081773 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Sweden or Euroclear Finland (the "Clearing 
Systems") from time to time. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any Clearing System must check the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System which are in effect at the relevant time. 
General 
The Instruments will be cleared and settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of VP 
Instruments, VP or, in the case of VPS Instruments, Euronext VPS or, in the case of Swedish Instruments, Euroclear 
Sweden, or, in the case of Finnish Instruments, Euroclear Finland. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear SA/NV is owned by Euroclear plc, a company organised under the laws of England and Wales, which is 
owned by market participants using Euroclear services as members. 
As an ICSD, Euroclear provides settlement and related securities services for cross-border transactions involving 
domestic and international bonds, equities, derivatives and investment funds. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, located at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg was incorporated in 1970 as a 
limited company under Luxembourg law. It is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation 
by the CSSF. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by book entry transfers between their accounts.  
VP 
VP is a Danish limited liability company and is subject to the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as 
amended from time to time, the Danish Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. VP is the central organisation for 
registering securities in Denmark and is authorised as a central securities depository under Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in VP will take place on a registration-against-
payment basis two Copenhagen business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in a VP 
Instrument will take place in accordance with the VP Rules. Secondary market clearance and settlement through 
Euroclear is possible through depositary links established between VP and Euroclear. Transfers of Instruments held in 
VP through Clearstream, Luxembourg are only possible by using an account holding institute linked to VP. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark. 
Euronext VPS 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("Euronext VPS") is a Norwegian public limited 
company authorised as a central securities depository in Norway in accordance with the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
on Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act"), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 ("CSDR") into 
Norwegian law.  
Euronext VPS settles trades in the Norwegian securities market, and provides services relating to stock issues, 
distribution of dividends and other corporate actions for companies registered in Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Instruments may be transferred between accountholders at 
Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the Euronext VPS. A transfer 
of VPS Instruments which are held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible 
by using an account operator or custodian linked to the Euronext VPS System. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, P.O. Box 1174 
Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway.

--- Page 45 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 45 -
70-41081773 
 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a Swedish private limitd liability company which operates under the supervision of the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository under Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in Euroclear Sweden will take place two 
Stockholm business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Instruments in Euroclear Sweden may be transferred 
between accountholders at Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of 
Euroclear Sweden. A transfer of Instruments which are held in Euroclear Sweden through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euroclear Sweden. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Euroclear Sweden AB, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland Ltd is a Finnish limited company which operates under the supervision of the Finnish Financial 
Supervisory Authority ("FFSA") and is authorised as a central securities depository and clearinghouse under 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in Euroclear Finland will take place two Helsinki 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Instruments in Euroclear Finland may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euroclear Finland in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear 
Finland. A transfer of Instruments which are held in Euroclear Finland through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euroclear Finland. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, P.O. Box 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 46 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 46 -
70-41081773 
 
INTRODUCTION TO WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
The Instruments comprise securities in the form of Warrants or Certificates which may be denominated in DKK, euro, 
NOK, SEK, USD, GBP, JPY, RUB, HKD or any other currency, and will be issued under the terms and conditions set 
forth in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Assets for the Instruments will be set forth in the Final Terms and may comprise shares, depository 
receipts, bonds, commodities, interest rates, currencies, forward contracts, futures contracts, funds or indices. The 
Instruments' Underlying Assets may also comprise a basket of such assets. Since the performance of the Underlying 
Asset affects the value of the relevant Instruments, the investor thereby has exposure to a certain Underlying Asset. 
If the currency of the Underlying Asset differs from the currency of the Instrument, the investor may be subject to a 
currency risk relating to the exchange rate between the currency of the Instrument and the currency of the Underlying 
Asset. 
All Instruments are cash settled automatically, meaning that, provided the Instrument on the expiration date entitles the 
holder of the Instrument to a payment, the Issuer will pay a cash amount to the holder. The Instrument does not entitle 
a holder to receive the Underlying Asset. 
Offering, allotment and sale 
In the case of admission to trading on a regulated market without any prior offer to the public, no subscription procedure 
is applied. Instead, purchases and sales of Instruments are carried out in the market place on which the Instruments are 
listed. The Issuer effects payment against delivery of Instruments at the relevant securities depositary. 
Instruments may be offered to professional investors and to retail customers (primarily comprising small or medium-
size companies and private individuals) by public offerings, or as private placements to a limited number of investors. 
The Issuer may also cause the Instruments, without any prior offer, to be admitted to trading on a regulated marketplace 
and thereafter offered for sale. 
In conjunction with offers directed to the general public, allotment in the issues will be determined by the Issuer and 
take place in accordance with the chronological order in which applications are registered. If applications are registered 
at the same time, a lottery procedure may be applied. 
Allotment may also take place to employees of the Issuer without, however, any pre-emption rights based on the 
employment relationship. In such cases, allotment shall take place in accordance with the regulations issued by the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and rules issued by the Swedish Securities Dealers' Association. 
Notice of allotment will be provided on contract notes which, it is estimated, will be despatched not later than two 
business days prior to the relevant settlement date. 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel or restrict issues of Instruments where the total number of subscribed Instruments 
cannot be determined above a certain level. If an issue is cancelled after payment has been made, the Issuer will refund 
the paid amount to the account stated by the investor in connection with its subscription. The Issuer also reserves the 
right to cancel an issue upon the occurrence of any circumstance which, in the Issuer's opinion, may jeopardise 
implementation of the issue. 
Trading in Instruments may take place commencing on the listing date up to and including the expiration date for the 
respective Instrument, subject to the provisions below regarding any potential suspension of trading under different 
types of Instruments. Both the listing date and the expiration date are stated in the Final Terms for the respective 
Instruments. 
Payment and delivery of Instruments shall take place subject to the conditions agreed upon between the purchaser, the 
Issuer and any Authorised Offeror appointed by the Issuer. Purchase and sale shall take place through the placement of 
customary buy or sell orders to the Issuer, another bank, or investment broker. Customary commission is payable in 
connection with subscription, purchases and sales of Instruments. A contract note is received as confirmation of the 
number of acquired or sold Instruments. 
"One Trading Lot" shall constitute the minimum unit for trading in Instruments. The number of Instruments per Trading 
Lot is set forth in the Final Terms for the respective Instruments. In addition, the Final Terms for each Series will state 
the maximum number of Instruments which are offered at any given time. 
Bid and ask prices for Instruments as quoted from time to time are set forth in the trading system used by the 
marketplace on which the Instruments are listed. 
Offers to acquire Instruments may also published on the Issuer's website: (www.nordea.com, www.nordea.se, 
www.nordea.no, www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.fi).

--- Page 47 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 47 -
70-41081773 
 
Financial Intermediaries 
The Issuer may from time to time have agreements with a number of financial intermediaries regarding the sale of 
Instruments issued by the Issuer (each an "Authorised Offeror"). On the website of each Authorised Offeror, investors 
will be provided with any additional information regarding the Authorised Offeror which was not contemplated on the 
date of submission of the Final Terms in respect of a specific Instrument and regarding the terms for the Authorised 
Offeror's reliance on this Base Prospectus. The right of Authorised Offerors to use this Base Prospectus may be further 
limited as set forth in the Final Terms for any Instrument. 
An Authorised Offeror must notify the investor of the terms of the offer at the time it provides the offer to the 
investor. 
Market Making 
In those cases where Instruments are admitted to trading on a regulated market, irrespective of whether or not preceded 
by a public offering, Nordea may, but is not obliged to, act as Market Maker (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and thereupon, in normal circumstances, quote buy and sell rates for the number of trading posts decided upon by the 
Issuer from time to time. No buy rate is normally quoted for Instruments where, in the Issuer's sole discretion, the 
theoretical price of the Instruments means that it is not efficient to maintain a secondary market in the Instruments. 
As regards Warrants, the table below states the maximum spread between buy and sell rates for SEK, DKK and NOK. 
Ask prices in respective currency 
Maximum spread for respective currency 
0.01-5 
0.25 
>5-10 
0.40 
>10-25 
0.90 
> 25 
< 4% 
 
For Warrants issued in EUR, the following maximum spread shall apply: 
Ask prices in EUR 
Maximum spread in EUR 
<2 
0.10 
>2 
< 4% 
 
Conditions and Final Terms 
Conditions 
The Instruments are governed by the Conditions. The Conditions are general and cover a large number of different 
types of instruments and are reproduced in their entirety in this Base Prospectus. The Conditions are applicable to all 
Instruments issued under the Programme. 
Final Terms 
Final Terms ("Final Terms") are also prepared for each series of Instruments issued under the Programme. The format 
for the Final Terms for various types of Instruments is reproduced in this Base Prospectus. Generally, it can be said 
that the Final Terms state the specific terms and conditions in respect of each series of Instruments. The Final Terms, 
together with the Conditions, constitute the complete terms and conditions for the relevant Series of Instruments. 
Final Terms for Instruments which are offered to the public and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market are filed 
with the Central Bank of Ireland. Final Terms that are filed accordingly will be published and made available on the 
Issuer's website (www.nordea.com, www.nordea.se, www.nordea.no, www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.fi) and may also 
be obtained free of charge from any of the Issuer's branch offices. 
Different types of Instruments 
Warrants, Turbo Warrants, MINI Futures, Unlimited Turbos and Market Warrants 
Warrants 
A Warrant is a financial instrument, the return on which is dependent on the performance of the Underlying Asset 
associated with the Warrant. Underlying Assets may consist of shares or share indices, as well as other assets such as 
interest rates, indices, currencies, commodities, futures contracts, forward contracts, or a combination of such 
Underlying Assets or a basket of assets.

--- Page 48 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 48 -
70-41081773 
 
Warrants issued under the Programme are of 'European' style, i.e. the holder cannot demand exercise during the term 
of the Warrant; instead, exercise takes place only on the expiration date, with the exception of MINI Futures and 
Unlimited Turbos, which may be structured similarly to an 'American' option where the investor has the right to request 
exercise during the term of the Instrument. On the expiration date, automatic exercise takes place with cash settlement, 
meaning that the holder receives cash instead of Underlying Assets (provided that all other terms and conditions for 
receipt of the exercise amount are fulfilled and that no Early Expiration Event has occurred). 
Turbo Warrants 
Warrants can also be issued as Turbo Warrants. Turbo Warrants are available as both Turbo Call Warrants and Turbo 
Put Warrants and are issued with a relatively short term. Turbo Warrants differ from ordinary Warrants in that they 
also have a Barrier Level (which is stated in the Final Terms). With respect to Turbo Warrants issued under this 
Programme, the Strike Price and Barrier Level may be either on the same level or different levels (this is set forth in 
the Final Terms). If the value of the Underlying Asset at any time during the term is quoted below or the same as the 
Barrier Level (Turbo Call Warrant), or above or the same as the Barrier Level (Turbo Put Warrant), the Turbo Warrant 
lapses and the Expiration Date is determined. This is referred to as an Early Expiration Event (and is described in 
greater detail in the Conditions). Upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, the Closing Price of the Underlying 
Asset with respect to a Turbo Call Warrant is calculated as the Underlying Asset's lowest price during a certain number 
(specified in the Final Terms) of Trading Hours (as defined in detail in the General Terms and Conditions) after the 
occurrence of an Early Expiration Event. Upon the occurrence of the Early Expiration Event, the Closing Price of the 
Underlying Asset with respect to a Turbo Put Warrant is calculated as the highest price of the Underlying Asset a 
certain number (specified in the Final Terms) of Trading Hours after the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event. An 
Early Expiration Event also entails that the Turbo Warrant is delisted from a regulated market, multilateral trading 
facility or other marketplace. Under certain circumstances, the Turbo Warrant may be issued with a possibility for the 
Issuer to adjust the strike price, barrier and multiplier in order to make the value of the Turbo Warrant independent of 
the value of dividends and other corporate actions affecting the Underlying Asset. 
MINI Futures and Unlimited Turbos 
Warrants can be issued with an Expiration Date which is not predetermined, where the Expiration Date is instead 
dependent on whether the Issuer establishes an Expiration Date, if a holder requests exercise (in respect of Instruments 
held by such holder only), or if a Stop-Loss Event occurs. Such an instrument is defined as a MINI Future (a MINI 
future or Unlimited Turbo can also be structured with a predetermined expiration date). In addition to not having a 
predetermined expiration date, the MINI Future or Unlimited Turbo has a Stop Loss Level as described in the Final 
Terms. A MINI Future issued with a Stop Loss Buffer (as defined in the Conditions) of zero per cent (i.e. with no 
spread between the Reference Price or Financing Level used to determine the Stop Loss Level and the actual Stop Loss 
Level) is referred to as an Unlimited Turbo. Put or Call MINI Futures or Put or Call Unlimited Turbos are also referred 
to, respectively, as MINI Futures Long and MINI Futures Short or Unlimited Turbos Long and Unlimited Turbos Short. 
Under certain circumstances, the MINI Future or Unlimited Turbo may be issued with a possibility for the Issuer to 
adjust the strike price, Stop Loss Level and multiplier in order to make the value of such Mini Future or Unlimited 
Turbo independent of the value of dividends and other corporate actions affecting the Underlying Asset. 
Warrants which have a Stop Loss level (typically a Turbo Warrant or a MINI Future or an Unlimited Turbo), can have 
terms relating to an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event (as defined in the Conditions). This means that if the 
Stop Loss Level is reached before trading in the Instrument has started, this will not automatically mean that a Stop 
Loss Event has occurred. Instead, the Issuer can elect to hold off on trading during a certain time period and, in the 
event the value of the Underlying Asset breaks the Stop Loss Level again, trading in the Instrument can start. An 
Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event can occur more than once during the term of the Instrument, provided 
trading in the Instrument has not yet commenced. 
If the Warrant is a Call Warrant or a Quanto Call Warrant, the Warrant generates a return for the Holder if the Closing 
Price is higher than the Strike Price, and a Settlement Amount is then calculated as the Multiplier (as defined in the 
Final Terms) multiplied by the difference between the Closing Price and the Strike Price. If the Closing Price is equal 
to or lower than the Strike Price, the Warrant generates no return. 
If the Warrant is a Put Warrant or a Quanto Put Warrant, the Warrant generates a return for the Holder if the Closing 
Price is lower than the Strike Price, and a Settlement Amount is then calculated as the Multiplier multiplied by the 
difference between the Closing Price and the Strike Price. 
In a Quanto Warrant, the Warrant itself is denominated in a different currency to the Underlying Asset. 
Market Warrants 
If Warrants are issued through a primary market transaction, i.e. Warrants are the subject to an offer to subscribe for 
Warrants during a specific subscription period, these instruments can be called Market Warrants. In relation to Market 
Warrants, the return is normally calculated on an underlying amount stated in the terms. Where the Market Warrant is 
issued through a primary market transaction, it may include a participation rate which is preliminary until the start date, 
when it is finally determined by the Issuer. Market Warrants may also include yield structures that are more complex 
and correspond to those stated as applicable to Certificates, but which, in certain cases, can be related to an underlying

--- Page 49 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 49 -
70-41081773 
 
amount stated in the terms (rather than the relevant invested amount as regards a Certificate) as appropriate for the 
relevant Instrument. 
The value of Warrants on the Expiration Date 
The performance of the Underlying Asset affects the value of a Warrant both during its term and on the Expiration 
Date. In this section, the relationship between the value of the Warrant and the value of the Underlying Assets will be 
illustrated through a number of schematic examples (in order to avoid making the explanatory model unnecessarily 
complicated, it will hereinafter be assumed that the Underlying Asset is a share). This applies to all Warrants, i.e. also 
Turbo Warrants, MINI Futures, Unlimited Turbos and Market Warrants that constitute pure call or put options. 
Investors in Warrants must be aware that if the performance of the Underlying Asset is unfavourable to the investor, 
the entire invested amount may be lost. 
With respect to Call Warrants or Quanto Call Warrants, the value of the Warrant on the Expiration Date is determined 
by the amount by which the price of the Underlying Asset exceeds the strike price for the Warrant. With respect to Put 
Warrants or Quanto Put Warrants, the opposite applies, i.e. the value of the Warrant is determined by the amount by 
which the price of the underlying share is less than the strike price. The closing price for Underlying Assets may also 
be calculated as the average value of the most recently quoted transaction prices for the Underlying Asset during the 
closing price determination period (more thereon below). As noted above, in the case of Turbo Warrants, MINI Futures 
and Unlimited Turbos the terms and conditions include a Barrier Level which may result in the Turbo Warrant, MINI 
Future or Unlimited Turbos expiring early. The following schematic example illustrates the described relationships: 
Call Warrant / Quanto Call Warrant 
Put Warrant / Quanto Put Warrant 
Underlying share: ABC 
Underlying share: ABC 
Strike price: SEK 25 
Strike price: SEK 25 
Number of underlying shares per Warrant: 1 share 
Number of underlying shares per Warrant: 1 share 
 
Call Warrant / Quanto Call Warrant  
Share's closing price  
Calculation 
The Warrant's value 
SEK 26 
26-25= 1 
SEK 1 
SEK 25 
25-25= 0 
SEK 0 
SEK 24 
24-25= -1 
SEK 0 
 
Put Warrant / Quanto Put Warrant / Säljwarrant  
Share's closing price 
Calculation 
The Warrant's value 
SEK 26 
25-26= -1 
SEK 0 
SEK 25 
25-25= 0 
SEK 0 
SEK 24 
25-24= 1 
SEK 1 
 
The yield on invested capital differs markedly if an investment is made in Warrants as compared with in shares 
(Underlying Asset). The yield may be significantly higher when trading in Warrants, but the increased yield possibility 
occurs at the price of an increased risk of losing the entire invested capital, the so-called leverage effect. The leverage 
effect entails that the value of an investment in Warrants changes significantly more than the value of an investment in 
an underlying share when the price of the underlying share increases or decreases. The changes may take place rapidly. 
The schematic example below illustrates the leverage effect in the case of an investment in Warrants. 
Assumptions: The investor regards the ABC share as clearly undervalued in approximately a one-year horizon. The 
share price is currently SEK 25 but the investor believes that in approximately one year it will be SEK 50. The investor 
has capital of SEK 10,000 to invest. 
Investment in shares 
Invested capital  
SEK 10,000 
Current price of the ABC share 
SEK 25 
Number of shares / Antal aktier 
400 shares

--- Page 50 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 50 -
70-41081773 
 
 
If the share price increases in accordance with the investor's belief, in one year the value will be: 
Price  
SEK 50 
Number of shares  
400 shares  
Value  
SEK 20.000 
Increase in value  
100 per cent  
 
Investment in Warrants 
Strike price  
SEK 30 
Expiration date  
1 year from the investment date  
Number of underlying shares per Warrant 
1 share  
 
If the performance of the share price is in accordance with the investor's belief, the value of the Warrants in a year's 
time will be: 
Share Price  
SEK 50 
Number of Warrants  
5,000 Warrants  
Value  
SEK 100,000 
Increase in value  
900 per cent  
 
It is evident from the table below that if the ABC share increases in price from SEK 25 to SEK 50 on the Expiration 
Date, the value of the investment will have increased by 100 per cent to SEK 20,000. The table also shows the difference 
in the performance of the Warrant and the share depending on the underlying share price. 
Share price on the Expiration Date 
Share investment value 
Warrant investment value 
SEK 15 
SEK 6,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 20 
SEK 8,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 25 
SEK 10,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 30 
SEK 12,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 35 
SEK 14,000 
SEK 25,000 
SEK 40 
SEK 16,000 
SEK 50,000 
SEK 45 
SEK 18,000 
SEK 75,000 
SEK 50 
SEK 20,000 
SEK 100,000 
SEK 55 
SEK 22,000 
SEK 125,000 
 
The table shows the leverage effect – when the share price exceeds the strike price of SEK 30, the value of the Warrant 
investment increases much more rapidly than the share investment. The table also shows the negative aspects of the 
leverage effect – if the share price does not exceed the strike price, the entire invested capital is lost, which is not 
the case if the investment is made in the shares, provided that the share price does not fall to zero. 
Information regarding the calculation principles for determination of the Warrant's premium is provided below. 
However, in addition to the information it should be emphasised that, during the closing price determination period, 
consideration is given to the parameters that are included in the data for determination of the closing price when the 
premium for the Warrant is determined. The closing price and the strike price differential for a Warrant is determined 
by the arithmetical mean value of the closing prices during the closing price determination period. This means that a 
change in the price of the Underlying Asset during the closing price determination period has a smaller impact on the 
change in the value of the Warrant than otherwise, since it is only the effect of the price change on the anticipated mean 
value during the period which affects the value of the Warrant. The greater proportion of the closing price determination

--- Page 51 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 51 -
70-41081773 
 
period that has elapsed, the smaller will be the significance of each individual price movement for the change in the 
value of the Warrant, since a greater part of the arithmetical mean value is already known at that time. 
The value of the Warrant during its term 
Warrants and Market Warrants 
The description in this section relates to the value of Warrants and Market Warrants that constitute pure call or put 
options and not Turbo Warrants. The value of the Warrant during the term is determined by its market price which, 
among other things, is affected by the time value of the Warrant and the volume of trading which takes place in the 
Warrant. In order to clarify how the remaining term affects the value of the Warrant, the value is divided into real value 
and time value, i.e. the Warrant's value = real value + time value. 
The real value is the value the Warrant would have had if the expiration date occurred today. The real value is the value 
which is stated as the Warrant's value in the example above. 
The time value is the difference between the Warrant's real value and the prevailing market price for the Warrant. Prior 
to the Expiration Date, the Warrant's premium is higher than its real value since, during the remaining term, there is a 
possibility of beneficial price movements in an underlying share (there is, of course, also an equally great possibility 
of unfavourable price movements but, due to the Warrant's leverage effect, these do not have as great an impact on the 
value of the Warrant). 
The significance of the time value for the Warrant's premium diminishes over time. Accordingly, if other factors which 
impact on price are unchanged, the value of the Warrant will decline gradually so that, on the Expiration Date, it 
corresponds to the real value. 
An additional factor which affects the value of the Warrant is the implied (anticipated) volatility regarding Underlying 
Assets. Furthermore, expectations regarding the increased volatility of an Underlying Asset have an upward effect on 
the value of the Warrant (for Call Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Put Warrants and Quanto Put Warrants), since 
increased price movements in Underlying Assets result in a greater likelihood of drawing benefit from the leverage 
effect of the Warrant. The impact on a Warrant of a change in the implied volatility depends, however, on a large 
number of factors, for example the remaining term. The schematic examples below illustrate the manner in which 
changes in the implied volatility affect the price of the Warrant (if all other parameters are unchanged). 
Assumptions: 
Price for underlying share: 
SEK 50 
Strike price for Warrant: 
SEK 50 
Remaining term for 
Warrant: 1 year 
Interest rate: 
3.00% 
Dividend (underlying share): 
SEK 0 
Number of shares per Warrant: 
0.1 share 
Initial implied volatility:  
0% 
Warrants: 
European style (meaning that redemptions may not occur during the term of 
the Warrant) 
 
Implied 
volatility 
in %  
Price, Call 
Warrant in SEK 
Difference in price 
Call Warrant 
Price, Put Warrant 
in SEK 
Difference in price, 
Put Warrant 
20 
0.47 
-29 % 
0.32 
-37 % 
25 
0.56 
-15 % 
0.42 
-18 % 
30 
0.66 
0 % 
0.51 
0 % 
35 
0.76 
15 % 
0.61 
20 % 
40 
0.85 
29 % 
0.71 
39 % 
 
The example shows that when the implied volatility is changed by a few percentage points, the value of the Warrant 
changes significantly. In the pricing of Warrants, the Black & Scholes method is used for calculating the Warrant's 
value. The method can also be used to calculate the implied volatility of a Warrant. Anyone investing in Warrants 
should be aware of how the implied volatility affects Warrants.

--- Page 52 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 52 -
70-41081773 
 
Issued Warrants do not affect the capital structure of a company whose shares constitute an Underlying Asset or a part 
of Underlying Assets. Accordingly, no dilution effect occurs for the shareholders in the company whose shares 
constitute an Underlying Asset. 
Turbo Warrants 
The valuation of Turbo Warrants does not take place in the same manner as the valuation of Warrants or Market 
Warrants constituting pure call or put options, meaning that the value of a Warrant with the same expiry date and 
Underlying Asset as a Turbo Warrant may have a different value during its term than the Turbo Warrant. During its 
term, the value of the Turbo Warrant is dependent on a number of factors such as the value of the Underlying Asset, 
redemption price, barrier level, maturity, market rates, expected dividends from the Underlying Asset, supply and 
demand as well as turnover and liquidity. An Underlying Asset's expected dividend(s) and expected volatility refer to 
the Issuer's expectations in that regard. The main difference in the valuation of a Warrant and a Turbo Warrant is that 
the volatility generally has little effect on the price of the Turbo Warrant. However, when the value of the Underlying 
Asset is very close to the barrier level for the Turbo Warrant, the volatility will affect the price. 
MINI Futures or Unlimited Turbos 
The valuation of MINI Futures or Unlimited Turbos does not take place in the same manner as the valuation of Warrants 
or Market Warrants constituting pure call or put options, but is more similar to the valuation of Turbo Warrants. During 
its term, the value of the MINI Future or Unlimited Turbos is dependent on a number of factors such as the price of the 
Underlying Asset, financing level/strike price, barrier level/stop-loss, maturity, market interest rates, as well as supply 
and demand, turnover and liquidity. 
As in the case of the Turbo Warrant, the effect of volatility on the valuation of a MINI Future or an Unlimited Turbo 
is less than for a Warrant, which means that the adaptability to the Underlying Asset is greater in a MINI Future or an 
Unlimited Turbo than in a Warrant. 
Mini Futures Baskets are similar to Mini Futures but are based on the relative performance of two Underlying Assets 
(one of which may be a short exposure) and a Cash Component, with the settlement amount determined by reference 
to the overall Basket Value rather than the performance of a single individual component. 
Certain yield structures for Warrants 
Warrants issued under this Programme may include performance structures that are otherwise applicable to Certificates 
as set out below. The yield structures included in the section "Certificates - Performance Structures for Certificates – 
a Description" are thus also applicable in relation to Warrants for which a certain yield structure is applicable. Such 
Warrants' return may thus depend on the performance of an Underlying Asset which may be comprised of shares or 
share indices, as well as other assets such as interest rates, currencies, commodities or a combination of such Underlying 
Assets or a basket of assets. The Warrant is an instrument without principal protection, in which case the investors in 
the Warrant may lose all or a part of the invested capital. 
The Warrants may entitle the investor to payment or return on the expiry date (European type) but may also be 
structured similarly to an American option where the investor has the right to request exercise during the term of the 
Warrant. 
Certificates 
Certificates issued under this Programme are financial instruments giving the investor exposure towards a certain 
Underlying Asset and a certain investment strategy. The return on a Certificate can only be paid in cash (provided that 
all terms and conditions for receipt of the redemption amount are fulfilled) and no physical delivery of the Underlying 
Asset is possible. The return on the Certificate is thus dependent on the performance of the Underlying Asset associated 
with the Certificate. Underlying Assets may consist of shares or share indices, other assets such as interest rates, 
currencies, commodities, or a combination of such Underlying Assets, or a basket of assets. The Certificate is not a 
principal protected instrument and thus investors in the Certificate may lose all or a part of the invested capital. 
The Certificate may entitle the investor to payment on the expiry date (European type) but may also be structured 
similarly to an American option where the investor has the right to request exercise during the term of the Certificate, 
or be open-ended with no fixed repayment date. The Certificate may also, when the Underlying Asset comprises of 
instruments from which dividends may be distributed to the holder, give the investor a right to a coupon of such 
dividend during the term of the Certificate. Such dividends may also, when so specified in the Final Terms, be 
reinvested in the Underlying Asset. 
Certificates can be issued as different types of products and can be given certain product specific names such as index 
Certificates, max Certificates, bonus Certificates, bull Certificates, bear Certificates, flex Certificates or growth 
Certificates, but are not limited only to these types of products. 
Bull Certificates and Bear Certificates issued under the Programme may or may not contain a "stop loss" functionality. 
Where a Certificate contains a "stop loss" functionality a Stop Loss Level is included in the terms and conditions. In

--- Page 53 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 53 -
70-41081773 
 
the case of Bull Certificates and Bear Certificates, this will be in addition to the Barrier Level. Upon a Stop Loss Event 
there may be a recovery value, whereas the Settlement Amount will always be zero where an Early Expiration Event 
has occurred. 
Performance Structures for Certificates – a description 
The performance structures described below determine the manner in which the performance of the relevant Underlying 
Assets affects the yield and/or the redemption amount under the Certificate. In many cases, Certificates may correspond 
in terms of function to combinations of several different types of traditional instruments, e.g. a Certificate combined 
with a share, a fund unit and/or a derivative instrument. The value of a Certificate will be affected by the value of the 
Underlying Asset and the Certificate's performance structure. The value of an Underlying Asset is sometimes 
determined on a number of occasions during the term of the Certificate and sometimes only at maturity. The 
performance may be positive or negative for the investor. Thus, the investor's right to return and, where applicable, 
repayment of the invested amount depends on the performance of the Underlying Asset and the applicable performance 
structure. 
Where the performance structure includes an element of leverage, that means, inter alia, that if the Certificate has, e.g. 
a leverage 2, if the value of the Underlying Asset increases by 1%, the value of the Certificate increases by 2% (subject 
to effects from the market, fees, financing costs etc.). If the value of the Underlying Asset instead decreases by 1%, the 
value of the Certificate decreases by 2% (plus possible effects from the market, fees, financing costs etc.). 
The performance structures described below represent a selection of the most common structures. The structures may 
be combined, varied and used in their entirety or only in part. 
"Base"-structure" 
The Base structure for calculating the performance of an Instrument is dependent on the change between the initial 
price and final price for one or more Underlying Assets. In order to reduce the risk that temporary fluctuations in value 
might result in a misleading calculation basis when calculating the final value of an Instrument, the final value is often 
determined as the average value of the Underlying Assets or benchmarks on a number of measurement dates during a 
determined period of time. However, there may be only one measurement date during a determined period of time. 
"Max" structure " 
The max structure is based on the base structure but contains a predetermined maximum yield, i.e. a cap on the yield. 
The investor receives either the maximum yield or a yield which reflects the performance of the Underlying Asset, 
whichever is lower. If the performance of the Underlying Asset exceeds the predetermined maximum yield, the investor 
receives an amount corresponding to the maximum yield. 
"Barrier" structure" 
This structure includes a fixed price which replaces the final price in the event the final price of the Underlying Asset 
reaches and/or exceeds a price cap or is less than a price floor or a combination thereof. 
"Digital" structure 
The yield in a digital structure depends on the relationship between value of an Underlying Asset and a specific 
predetermined level on the valuation date. 
"Binary" structure 
The yield in a binary structure depends on the relationship between the value of an Underlying Asset and a 
predetermined level during the entire term of the Instrument. 
"Leverage" structure " 
A leverage structure usually means that the value of the instrument follows the leverage proportionally to an Underlying 
Asset. The structure can be combined with, among other things, a barrier or a cap. 
"Constant leverage" structure" 
A constant leverage structure is a structure where the exposure to an Underlying Asset during a defined time period 
(e.g. one day) generates a yield which is X times larger compared with the Underlying Asset. The constant leverage 
can be both positive and negative and the structure is often combined with, for example, a barrier. 
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Instruments shall be governed by English, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian or Finnish law as provided in the Final 
Terms and the aforementioned law shall be applied to the Conditions, related Final Terms and any supplements.

--- Page 54 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 54 -
70-41081773 
 
Disputes in relation to Instruments and the Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts as set 
out in the Conditions. 
Denomination currency 
Instruments are denominated in DKK, EUR, NOK, SEK, GBP, USD, PLN, RYB, CAD, CHF, HKD, JPY or another 
currency as stated in the Final Terms. The Issuer is entitled to list and trade in Instruments and to effect payment in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Instruments. 
The ranking of Instruments in terms of rights of priority 
Instruments issued under the Programme are unconditional and unsecured obligations which, in the event of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy, will rank pari passu with other unsecured (non-subordinated) creditors of the Issuer. 
Rights associated with Instruments and the procedure for exercising such rights 
Pursuant to the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, holders of Instruments are entitled to receive any Settlement 
Amount on the Expiration Date. Exercise takes place automatically. Holders have the possibility, during the term, to 
sell Instruments at prevailing prices on the market. A prevailing price is the price quoted by a Market Maker or another 
buyer. 
Information regarding Underlying Assets for Instruments 
The strike price as well as information regarding Underlying Assets will be provided in the relevant Final Terms for 
the relevant Instruments. The closing price determination period will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining indices portfolios or 
strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, "Proprietary Indices"). 
These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the methodology 
for determining the composition and the calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the "Rules"). 
The complete set of Rules of any such index and information on the performance of the index will be freely accessible 
on the Issuer's or on the Index Sponsor's website. The governing rules (including methodology of the index for the 
selection and the re-balancing of the components of the index, a description of market disruption events and any 
applicable adjustment rules) will be based on predetermined and objective criteria. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following indices are provided by legal entities acting in association with, or 
on behalf of, the Issuer and its affiliates: 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information about 
the Index 
NQNDMOT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Momentum TR Index 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDVOT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Volatility TRIndex 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDIT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Dividend TRIndex 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
DividendMomentum 
Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDVT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
DividendVolatility 
Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com

--- Page 55 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 55 -
70-41081773 
 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information about 
the Index 
MomentumVolatility 
Swe TR 
NQNDMVEUROP 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEUROT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEURON 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUROP 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
DividendMomentum 
BetaEurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUROT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
DividendMomentum 
BetaEurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEURON 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Dividend Momentum 
BetaEurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUROP 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUROT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEURON 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone NR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
 
Nasdaq and Nordea have jointly designed the selection criteria and rebalancing rules for the Indices listed above. 
Nasdaq is responsible for the methodology, calculation, dissemination and administration of the Indices. 
Information regarding calculation principles for determination of premium, price and strike price for 
Instruments 
For Warrants, the investor pays a premium in order to invest in Instruments. This premium is affected by a number of 
different factors as a consequence of which the premium may increase or decrease in value during the term of the 
Instruments. Similarly to Warrants and Turbo Warrants, the price of a Certificate is also affected by a number of factors. 
The manner in which each factor affects the Certificate's price depends on the structure of the Certificate and the type 
of derivative which is used in order to create the underlying exposure. 
The amount of the premium is determined by many factors, for example: 
 
the Underlying Asset's price; 
 
the strike price; 
 
the term;

--- Page 56 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 56 -
70-41081773 
 
 
the market interest rate; 
 
the expected dividends on the Underlying Assets during the Instrument's term; 
 
the number of Underlying Assets per Instrument; 
 
the expected future volatility of the yield for Underlying Assets during the remaining term of the Instrument; 
 
the barrier level; 
 
the max level; 
 
the protection factor; 
 
the protection level; 
 
participation rate; 
 
gap option premium 
 
the costs of hedging/stock borrow 
 
taxation levels 
 
supply and demand; and 
 
volume of sales and liquidity. 
As stated above, the pricing of Instruments is determined by a number of parameters, and consequently the valuation 
is complex. A number of valuation models are used as a basis of the Issuer's valuation of Warrants and Certificates, 
including the Black & Scholes method for valuation of options. Whilst the criteria above are those most commonly 
used by the Issuer to determine pricing, investors should bear in mind that the Issuer may also elect to take account of 
other factors, or not to take account of certain factors, when determining the price of any Instruments. 
The standard deviation in the yield on the Underlying Asset affects the pricing of the Instruments. The pricing on both 
an initial and an ongoing basis will partly reflect the Issuer's assessment of the future volatility of the Underlying Asset 
and, thereby, the Issuer's margin. The value of the Underlying Asset always affects the value of the Instruments. Since 
the value of the Underlying Asset can always change, the value of the Warrant changes regularly. In connection with 
events which increase uncertainty (for example, pending the publication of a report) with respect to an Underlying 
Asset, the implied volatility increases and, thereby, the price of the Instruments. 
The strike price in relation to the value of the Underlying Asset also affects the value of the Instruments. The remaining 
term to maturity affects the valuation of the Instruments. The longer the term, the higher the price for the Warrant since 
a longer term increases the possibility that the value of the Underlying Asset will change. Dividends on underlying 
shares affect the value of the Instruments since the dividend entails a cost for the company whose shares constitute an 
Underlying Asset. The volatility states the degree of variability in the value of an Underlying Asset. Expectations of 
increased volatility affect the value of the Instruments upwards, since increased price movements result in a greater 
likelihood of drawing benefit from the Instruments' leverage effect. 
Specifically in relation to Warrants, for Call Warrants and Quanto Call Warrants the price is lower if the strike price is 
high, while the converse applies with respect to Put Warrants and Quanto Put Warrants. With increasing market interest 
rates, the price of Call Warrant or Quanto Call Warrant increases, while the price of Put Warrants or Quanto Put 
Warrants declines. The impact of the interest rate on the Warrant's price is, however, normally relatively small. 
Expectations regarding increased dividends lead to a fall in the value of a Call Warrant or Quanto Call Warrant, whereas 
in the same situation the value of a Put Warrant or Quanto Put Warrant increases. Turbo Warrants where the Issuer has 
the right to adjust certain terms for the dividend are not affected in this way. Bid and ask prices quoted on Warrants 
from time to time are set forth in the trading system which is used by the marketplace on which the Warrants are listed. 
Certain yield structures 
Interest may also be payable in accordance with one or more of the certain yield structures stated below. The 
Instruments may be structured such that the return is based on interest and/or inflation, as well as one or several interest 
rates and/or the Underlying Assets' performance or a combination of these. Variables such as multipliers, 
ceilings/floors, digital ceilings/floors, swap options and/or combinations of these functions may occur. Under this type 
of Instrument, the return may depend on whether one or more stated interest rates or the performance of Underlying 
Asset(s) remain within certain predetermined ranges. The return can also be affected by the return in previous periods 
and include interest or different triggers which may affect the return or result in early redemption.

--- Page 57 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 57 -
70-41081773 
 
The following certain yield structures may be applicable to Certificates, Warrants and Market Warrants and are 
described in greater detail in the Conditions. 
"Cap/Floor" 
"Basket Long" 
"Capped Floor Float" 
"Basket Short" 
"Compounding Floater" 
"Autocall Coupon" 
"Range Accrual" 
"Max component"  
"Digital Long" 
"Currency component – Basket"  
"Digital Short" 
"Currency component – Underlying Asset"

--- Page 58 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 58 -
70-41081773 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which (subject to completion in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be applicable to each Series of Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in accordance with a fiscal agency agreement, (as supplemented, amended and/or restated 
and/or replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") dated 13 December 2024 and made between 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Issuer""), Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and Citibank 
Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank Europe Plc in its 
capacity as such) and Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland in its capacity as issuing agent for VP 
Instruments (as defined below) (the "VP Issuing Agent"), Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Norwegian paying agent 
for VPS Instruments (the "VPS Paying Agent"), Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Swedish issuing agent for Swedish 
Instruments (the "Swedish Issuing Agent") and Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Finnish issuing agent for Finnish 
Instruments (the "Finnish Issuing Agent"). The Instruments (other than the VP Instruments, the VPS Instruments, the 
Swedish Instruments and the Finnish Instruments) have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated 13 December 2024 (as amended and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in 
relation to the Instruments. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Agents and the Registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the 
benefit of obligations under any Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions 
of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"), and each 
Tranche will be the subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") a copy of which, in the case of a Series in relation 
to which application has been made for admission to listing on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on its regulated market, will be filed with Euronext Dublin 
and will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar on or before the date of issue of the Instruments of such Series. 
Instruments may be settled through the Danish central securities depository, VP Securities A/S ("VP Instruments" and 
the "VP", respectively), the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS Instruments" 
and the "Euronext VPS", respectively), the Swedish Clearing System which will be the Swedish Clearing System and 
Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB ("Swedish Instruments" and "Euroclear Sweden"), the Finnish Clearing 
System which will be Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Finnish Instruments" and "Euroclear Finland") or through any other 
relevant clearing system. 
The VP Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with VP. VP Instruments 
registered in VP are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Danish law. 
The VPS Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euronext VPS. VPS 
Instruments registered in Euronext VPS are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free 
negotiability under Norwegian law. 
A registrar agreement (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "VPS Registrar Agreement") 
has been entered into between the Issuer and the VPS Paying Agent in relation to the VPS Instruments. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Swedish Instruments will be Euroclear Sweden (the "Swedish Registrar") in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). 
The Swedish Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euroclear 
Sweden as central securities depository. Swedish Instruments registered in Euroclear Sweden are negotiable 
instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Finnish Instruments will be Euroclear Finland (the "Finnish Registrar") in 
accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Settlement Activities (Fin. Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. 
Laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended. 
The Finnish Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euroclear Finland. 
Finnish Instruments registered in Euroclear Finland are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on 
free negotiability under Finnish law. 
References in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") to Instruments are to Instruments of the relevant Series 
and any references to Coupons and Receipts, both as defined below, are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Instruments 
of the relevant Series.

--- Page 59 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 59 -
70-41081773 
 
1. 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply.  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" 
Means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" 
Means the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published 
by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Instruments of such Series. 
"Account Operator" 
A bank or another party which has been licensed to act as account operator 
pursuant to the Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479) or the 
equivalent thereof in Denmark, Finland and Norway, and with which a 
Holder has opened a VP account with respect to Instruments. 
"Accumulated Financing" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(vi) (Mini Future Long or 
Unlimited Turbo Long) or Condition 6(a)(vii) (Mini Future Short or 
Unlimited Turbo Short)  in respect of Mini Futures and Unlimited Turbos 
and Condition 6(a)(viii) (Bull Certificates) or Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bear 
Certificates) in respect of Certificates. 
"Accumulated Value" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(viii) (Bull Certificates) or 
Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bear Certificates), as applicable. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Accumulated Value may be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with Condition 9(f) (Adjustments) upon payment of dividends in respect of 
the Underlying Asset(s). 
"Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day": 
Means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms 
"Accumulated Value 
Change" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(viii) (Bull Certificates) or 
Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bear Certificates), as applicable.  
"Adjustment Spread" 
Means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which (i) is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the original 
Affected Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) failing which, is 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets or 
derivatives markets for transactions which reference the original Affected 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate; or (iii) if no such recommendation or 
option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer determines there is 
no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Issuer determines, acting in good faith, to be appropriate as a result of the 
replacement of the Affected Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
"Administration Fee" 
A fee stated in the Final Terms. This fee covers the Issuer's costs in respect 
of administration and risk management. The Issuer may reserve the right to 
increase or reduce the Administration Fee in the event the Issuer's costs in 
respect of administration and/or management regarding the Instrument 
change. In such case, the Final Terms shall also state the maximum possible 
Administration Fee level (the "Maximum Administration Fee"). Notice 
of any increase or reduction shall be given to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Affected Underlying 
Asset" 
An Underlying Asset that is affected (directly or indirectly) by any form of 
Market Disruption, Commodity Disruption, Currency Disruption, Fund 
Event, Changed Calculation, Correction, Extraordinary Event, Change in 
Law, Increased Costs of Hedging or Hedging Disruption. If the Underlying 
Asset comprises a basket of Basket Components, the Affected Underlying 
Asset(s) shall only be the relevant Basket Component(s) which are affected. 
"Agent" 
Means the Registrar, Fiscal Agent and any other agent appointed by the 
Issuer from time to time in respect of the Instruments.

--- Page 60 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 60 -
70-41081773 
 
"Bankruptcy" 
Means that the Reference Bond Issuer or a Reference Bond Guarantor: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than through a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
suspends payments or admits or declares in writing in judicial 
proceedings, administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings 
or otherwise admits or declares a general inability to pay its debts 
as they fall due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment or decision regarding insolvency, inability to pay or 
bankruptcy, or any similar relief pursuant to bankruptcy-, 
insolvency- or similar statutes or regulations which affect 
creditors' rights, or a petition to dissolve or place the Reference 
Bond Issuer into liquidation has been filed and such proceedings 
or such a petition 
(i) 
result in a judgment or a decision of insolvency, inability 
to make payment or bankruptcy, a judgment or a decision 
which generally affects creditors' rights, or a decision to 
place the Reference Bond Issuer into liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not withdrawn, dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained or generally restricted within thirty days after 
the proceedings have been commenced or the petition 
filed; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of a trustee 
(including 
every 
form 
of 
bankruptcy 
or 
insolvency 
administration), receiver, investigator, administrator or other 
similar office with respect to the Reference Bond Issuer and all or 
a significant part of the Reference Bond Issuer's assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of the 
Reference Bond Issuer's assets, or the Reference Bond Issuer 
becomes the subject of execution, attachment or other similar 
measure or procedure with respect to all or a significant part of its 
assets, and such creditor retains possession or such procedure is 
not, dismissed, discharged or stayed within thirty days; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to an event or circumstance which, according 
to law applicable to the Reference Bond Issuer, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) – (g) above. 
"Barrier Level" 
With respect to one or more Underlying Assets means either the value 
specified in the Final Terms or a percentage of: (i) the most recent official 
closing price for such Underlying Asset(s) quoted in the relevant Reference 
Source(s), (ii) the Financing Level or (iii) the Strike Price, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If Determination Dates are specified 
in the Final Terms, the Barrier Level will be recalculated on each such 
specified date (each a "Determination Date") and will apply until the 
immediately following Determination Date. 
"Barrier Reference Price" 
Either: (i) except in the case of a Basket, (a) any of the transaction prices 
during continuous trading listed on a Reference Source, commencing on 
the Commencement Date up to and including the Expiration Date, or (b) 
the last trade price during continuous trading on a Reference Source on the 
Expiration Date, or (ii) in the case of a Basket, the aggregate of the last 
trade price of each Basket Component during continuous trading listed on 
the relevant Reference Source(s) multiplied by the Basket Weight of such 
Basket Component), as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in each 
case, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion.

--- Page 61 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 61 -
70-41081773 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the right to 
determine whether a price is reasonable and may thereby constitute a 
Barrier Reference Price. 
"Base Rate" 
Either: (i) CIBOR, EURIBOR, CORRA, HONIA, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR, MOSPRIME, WIBOR, HIBOR or TIBOR designated 
as the relevant base rate in the Final Terms as published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on the relevant day (or through such other system or on such 
other screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) or, 
where such quotation is not available, the Issuer's assessment of the relevant 
rate of interest, provided that if "Base Rate Floor" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall not be less than zero, (ii) zero 
or (iii) a fixed rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Base Rate 1" 
CIBOR, EURIBOR, CORRA, HONIA, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR, MOSPRIME, WIBOR, HIBOR or TIBOR designated as the 
relevant base rate in the Final Terms provided that if "Base Rate Floor" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall not be less than 
zero;. 
"Base Rate 2" 
CIBOR, EURIBOR, CORRA, HONIA, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR, MOSPRIME, WIBOR, HIBOR or TIBOR designated as the 
relevant base rate in the Final Terms provided that if "Base Rate Floor" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall not be less than 
zero. 
"Base Rate Margin" 
The base rate margin stated in the Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
to increase or decrease the Base Rate Margin in its sole discretion at any 
time and will have no obligation to notify Holders of any such change. 
"Basket" 
Means the basket of Underlying Assets specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" 
Each of the Underlying Assets included in a Basket. 
"Basket Component 
Currency" 
For each Basket Component, the currency in which the Basket Component 
Reference Price is determined. 
"Basket Component 
Exchange Rate" 
For each Basket Component, the exchange rate between the Basket 
Component Currency and the Reference Currency which is determined by 
the Issuer, in its sole discretion, by reference to the Exchange Rate 
Reference Source at the Exchange Rate Reference Time. 
 
 
"Basket Component 
Reference Price" 
The price for each Basket Component, calculated in accordance with the 
Reference Price Determination Method. 
"Basket Floor" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Participation" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Value" 
Means the sum of (i) the Cash Component, (ii) the Closing Price of the 
Long Asset multiplied by the Basket Weight of the Long Asset, and (iii) the 
Closing Price of the Short Asset multiplied by the Basket Weight of the 
Short Asset. 
"Basket Weight" 
means the weight of the relevant Underlying Asset as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Benchmark Event" 
means: 
(A) 
the Affected Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Affected Reference 
Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such 
Affected Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease publishing 
such Affected Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that 
it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Affected Reference Rate that such Affected Reference Rate has

--- Page 62 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 62 -
70-41081773 
 
been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
Affected Reference Rate that means that such Affected Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the Instruments; or 
(E)        a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Affected Reference Rate that, in the view of such 
supervisor: (i) such Affected Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to 
calculate such Affected Reference Rate has materially changed; 
or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Issuer or any agent or third party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using 
Affected Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above 
and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall 
not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date. 
"Business Day" 
A day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday and on which 
the T2 is available for the settlement of payments in the Currency and on 
which banks in the country in which any measure, including payment, 
trading, purchase, or exercise with respect to one or more Underlying 
Assets is to be taken are open to the public, (with the exception of business 
hours for internet services only).  
 
With respect to payments relating to Instruments which are registered with 
Euroclear Sweden, Business Days shall be deemed to comprise days on 
which commercial banks and currency markets are generally able to 
execute payments in Stockholm. 
 
With respect to payments relating to instruments which are registered with 
Euroclear Finland, Business Days shall be deemed to comprise days on 
which commercial banks and currency markets are generally able to 
execute payments in Helsinki. 
 
With respect to payment relating to VPS Instruments, Business Days shall 
be deemed to comprise days when Norwegian banks may carry our 
transactions in foreign currency, and when the Norwegian central bank's 
settlement-system is open. 
 
With respect to payments relating to instruments which are registered with 
VP, Business Days shall be deemed to comprise days on which commercial 
banks and currency markets are generally able to execute payments in 
Copenhagen. 
"Business Day Convention" 
Means the convention which will be applied in order to adjust a relevant 
day specified in the Conditions if such day should fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day. The adjustment can be made in accordance with any of the 
following conventions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
Following Business Day: If an Interest Payment Date or other 
relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall 
be postponed until the following Business Day. 
 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day: If an Interest Payment Date or 
another relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Business Day, 
it shall be postponed until the following Business Day in the same

--- Page 63 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 63 -
70-41081773 
 
calendar month if that is possible. If not possible, the Interest 
Payment Date or another relevant day shall be deemed to occur 
on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day: If an Interest Payment Date or another 
relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Business Day it shall 
be deemed to occur on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
"CAD" 
Canadian dollars or the currency which may have replaced the Canadian 
dollar as legal tender in Canada. 
"Cap" 
Means the level specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike" 
Means the level specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cash Component" 
Means the amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"CHF" 
The Swiss franc or the currency which may have replaced the Swiss franc 
as legal tender in Switzerland. 
"CIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11:00am CET on the relevant day 
is published on the Relevant Screen Page for the relevant period (or through 
such other system or on such other screen page as replaces the 
aforementioned system or screen page) or – where such quotation is not 
available (ii) at the aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the average of 
the rates of interest offered by Reference Banks to leading commercial 
banks in Denmark for deposits in DKK for the period in question on the 
interbank market in Copenhagen or, if only one or no such quotation is 
offered (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered by leading 
commercial banks in Copenhagen for loans in DKK for the relevant period 
on the interbank market in Copenhagen. 
"Clearing System" 
The Clearing System through which an Instrument is settled. 
"Closing Price" 
The price: (i) determined in accordance with the determination method 
specified in the Final Terms, or (ii), following an Early Expiration Event or 
Stop Loss Event, the price determined in accordance with Condition 6(d) 
(Early Expiration Event) or Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), as applicable, 
and the Final Terms. 
"Closing Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated, as specified 
in the Final Terms or, where Closing Date Determination is specified as 
applicable in the relevant the Final Terms, the Issuer may determine a 
Closing Price Determination Date not earlier than one (1) week after the 
Issue Date, such date may occur not earlier than the Number of Closing 
Date Business Days after notice regarding determination of a Closing Price 
Determination Date was sent to the Holder and to the marketplace (if any) 
on which the Instrument is listed or admitted to trading. 
"Closing Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Closing Price 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms to and including the final 
Closing Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Commencement Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if an Extraordinary 
Suspension of Trading Event has occurred and is, in the Issuer's opinion, 
continuing, such later date as the Issuer may determine. In the case of 
Instruments which are not listed or admitted to trading, the Commencement 
Date shall be the Issue Date. 
"Compounded Daily 
CORRA" 
With respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated on each Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
 
(i)  where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 64 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 64 -
70-41081773 
 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" means the number of CORRA Banking Days in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant CORRA Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first CORRA Banking Day in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
to, and including, the last CORRA Banking Day in such period; 
 
"ni" for any CORRA Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such CORRA Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following CORRA Banking Day; 
 
Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" CORRA Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p CORRA Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p CORRA Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and 
payable); 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of CORRA Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"CORRA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any CORRA Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Canadian Overnight Repo Rate 
Average ("CORRA") rate for such CORRA Banking Day as provided by 
the Bank of Canada, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) ("BoC"), on the website of the BoC (being, as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus, 
at  
https://www.bankofcanada.ca/rates/interest-rates/corra/) or any successor 
website officially designated by the BoC (or as published by its authorised 
distributors) (the "BoC Website") on the CORRA Banking Day 
immediately following such CORRA Banking Day; and 
 
"CORRAi" means the CORRA Reference Rate for: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the CORRA Banking Day falling "p" CORRA Banking 
Days prior to the relevant CORRA Banking Day "i"; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms; the relevant CORRA Banking Day "i".  
 
Subject to Condition 9(j) (Benchmark Cessation – CORRA), if, where any 
Interest Rate is to be calculated pursuant to the provisions above, in 
respect of any CORRA Banking Day in respect of which an applicable 
CORRA Reference Rate is required to be determined, such CORRA 
Reference Rate is not made available on the BoC Website, then the 
CORRA Reference Rate in respect of such CORRA Banking Day shall be

--- Page 65 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 65 -
70-41081773 
 
the CORRA Reference Rate for the first preceding CORRA Banking Day 
in respect of which CORRA Reference Rate was published by the BoC 
on the BoC Website. 
"Compounded Daily 
€STR" 
With respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) as calculated as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ ×  𝑛௜
D
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× D
𝑑 
where: 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank 
as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published 
on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time 
specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or 
 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; 
 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing 
the relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 66 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 66 -
70-41081773 
 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
 
"RFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in 
the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become 
due and payable; and 
 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Subject to Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation), if, where any Interest 
Rate is to be calculated pursuant to the provisions above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR 
reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is 
not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect 
of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website or the Issuer. 
"Compounded Daily 
HONIA" 
With respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated on each Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝐻𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
 
(i)  where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" means the number of Honk Kong Banking Days in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Hong Kong Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Hong Kong Banking Day in:

--- Page 67 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 67 -
70-41081773 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
to, and including, the last Hong Kong Banking Day in such period; 
 
"ni" for any Hong Kong Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Hong Kong Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following Hong Kong Banking Day; 
 
Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Hong Kong Banking Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p Hong Kong Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p Hong Kong Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become 
due and payable); 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of Hong Kong Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or 
the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"HONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any Hong Kong Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Hong Kong Overnight Index 
Average ("HONIA") rate for such Hong Kong Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of HONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on 
such Hong Kong Banking Day; and 
 
"HONIAi" means the HONIA Reference Rate for: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Hong Kong Banking Day falling "p" Hong  Kong 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Hong Kong Banking Day "i"; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms; the relevant Hong Kong Banking Day "i".  
 
In the event that the HONIA Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the HONIA Reference Rate 
shall, subject to Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation), be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial HONIA 
Reference Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Issue Date. 
"Compounded Daily 
SONIA" 
With respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated on each Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
 
(i)  where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 68 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 68 -
70-41081773 
 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
 
Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and 
payable); 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in 
respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied 
to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding.

--- Page 69 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 69 -
70-41081773 
 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be:  
 
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking 
Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
  
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
 
In the event that the SONIA Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the SONIA Reference Rate 
shall, subject to Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation), be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial SONIA 
Reference Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Issue Date. 
 
"Compounded SOFR" 
With respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 70 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 70 -
70-41081773 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
 
"RFR Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Issue Date) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the 
"Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
 
(i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
 
(ii) Subject to Condition 9(i) (Benchmark Cessation - SOFR) below, if 
the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i".  
"Continuous Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Reference Price is observed continuously on each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period which is 
not a Disrupted Trading Day, if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CORRA Banking Day" 
Means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the city of Toronto, Canada. 
"Coupon" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Barrier Level" 
The value specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 71 -
70-41081773 
 
"Coupon Level" 
Means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Crossing Currency" 
Means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Currency" 
DKK, CAD, CHF, EUR, GBP, HKD, JPY, NOK, PLN, RUB, SEK, USD 
or such other currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Currency Disruption" 
Means an event specified in Condition 9(c) (Currency Disruption). 
"Day Calculation Method" 
 
Means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day calculation method as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Regular Period during which it falls, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular 
Period, the sum of: 
 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Regular Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap years, 366; 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Calculation Method = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
where  
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 72 -
70-41081773 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30"; 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Calculation Method= 
 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
 
 
where  
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
Day Calculation Method =  
 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
where 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 73 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 73 -
70-41081773 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February but not the date fixed for 
redemption or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30, 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in 
the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first 
day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
 
"Regular Period" means:  
 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments where interest or yield is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from but 
excluding the Issue Date to and including the first Interest 
Payment Date or Yield Payment Date and each successive period 
from but excluding one Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment 
Date to and including the next Interest Payment Date or Yield 
Payment Date (as applicable); 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first Interest 
Period or Yield Period, interest or yield is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from but 
excluding a Regular Date falling in any year to and including the 
next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date or 
Yield Payment Date (as applicable) falls; and 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest Period 
or Yield Period other than the first Interest Period or Yield Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from but excluding a Regular Date falling 
in any year to and excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment Date falls 
other than the Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period or Yield Period; 
"DKK" 
The Danish krone or the currency which may have replaced the Danish 
krona as legal tender in Denmark. 
"Disrupted Trading Day" 
In conjunction with the determination of a Reference Price for one or more 
Underlying Assets which do not constitute a currency, a Scheduled Trading 
Day on which a Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market is not 
open for trading or does not publish a quoted price or on which a Market 
Disruption occurs. 
 
In conjunction with determination of an Initial Translation Rate, a 
Translation Rate or a Reference Price for one or more Underlying Assets 
which consist of a currency, a Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market is not open for trading or 
on which Currency Disruption occurs. 
"Dividend" 
Any regular cash dividend, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion, 
for an Underlying Asset and for which the ex-dividend date falls either: (i) 
after the Issue Date and on or before the Expiration Date or (ii) in the case 
of Mini Futures and Unlimited Turbos only, and provided that 
"Cumulative Financing Level" or "Each Scheduled Trading Day" is not 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, during the period from 
(but excluding) one Financing Level Calculation Date up to (and including) 
the next following Financing Level Calculation Date. 
"Dividend Coupon" 
If "Dividend Coupon" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
accumulated dividends from the Underlying Asset(s) shall be paid on the 
Dividend Coupon Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Dividend Coupon Date" 
A day when a Dividend Coupon is paid, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Dividend Reinvestment" 
If "Dividend Reinvestment" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
dividends from the Underlying Asset(s) received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates in its capacity as holder of the Underlying Asset(s), or as party to 
any Hedge Transaction, will, after deduction of such costs and taxes, if any,

--- Page 74 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 74 -
70-41081773 
 
as the Issuer or the relevant affiliate determines in its sole discretion be 
reinvested in the Underlying Asset(s) or relevant Hedge Transaction(s). 
"Dividend Reinvestment 
Date" 
The date when accumulated dividends from Underlying Asset(s) are 
reinvested in the Underlying Asset(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Early Expiration Date" 
A day on which an Early Expiration Event occurs. 
"Early Expiration Event" 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an event which does 
not constitute an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event as determined 
by the Issuer, and which occurs at any time during a Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, commencing on the 
Commencement Date or Issue Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) up to and including the Expiration Date, which means that the 
Barrier Reference Price for any Underlying Asset or (in the case of a basket 
of Underlying Assets) the Basket is, in the Issuer's opinion, either equal to 
or lower (in respect of Call Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Long Market 
Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos 
Long or Bull Certificates) or equal to or higher (in respect of Put Warrants, 
Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants Unlimited Turbos Short or 
Bear Certificates) than the Barrier Level. 
"€STR" 
The rate of interest which is Compounded Daily €STR as determined for 
each Interest Period by the Issuer. 
"EUR" 
The currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
"EURIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11:00am CET on the relevant date 
is published on the Relevant Screen Page for the relevant period (or through 
such other system or on such other screen page as replaces the 
aforementioned system or screen page) or – where such quotation is not 
available – (ii) at the aforementioned time, pursuant to notice from the 
Issuer, corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
European Reference Banks to leading commercial banks in Europe for 
deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the period in question or, if only one or no 
such quotation is offered: (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest 
offered by leading commercial banks in Europe for loans of EUR 
10,000,000 for the relevant period on the interbank market in Europe. 
"European Reference 
Banks" 
Four major commercial banks which, at the time in question, offer 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or CIBOR, and which are selected by the 
Issuer. 
"Exchange Business Day 
Convention" 
Means the convention which will be used to adjust a relevant day (as 
specified in the Final Terms) where such day occurs on a day which is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day. The adjustment may be made in accordance with 
any of the conventions stated below: 
 
(i) 
Following Exchange Business Day: Where a relevant day occurs 
on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it shall be 
postponed until the next Exchange Business Day. 
 
(ii) 
Modified Following Exchange Business Day: Where a relevant 
day occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it shall 
be postponed until the next Scheduled Trading Day, unless the 
next Scheduled Trading Day occurs during the next calendar 
month, in which case the relevant day shall occur immediately 
prior to the Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
(iii) 
Preceding Exchange Business Day: Where a relevant day occurs 
on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it shall instead 
occur on the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
If no Exchange Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Following Exchange Business Day Convention will apply. 
"Exchange Rate Reference 
Source" 
The exchange rate reference source as specified in the Final Terms or such 
other exchange rate reference source that is, in the opinion of the Issuer, the 
most appropriate. 
"Exchange Rate Reference 
Time" 
The time specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 75 -
70-41081773 
 
"Expiration Date" 
Means the date specified in the Final Terms and these Conditions. 
"Expiration Date 
Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Level is observed on the Expiration Date. 
"Extraordinary Suspension 
of Trading Event" 
An event which, in the Issuer's opinion, would otherwise constitute an Early 
Expiration Event in respect of a given Instrument but which, in light of the 
fact that a Commencement Date has not yet occurred with respect to the 
relevant Instrument or that no trading in the Instrument has yet taken place, 
in the Issuer's opinion will instead result in postponement of the 
Commencement Date or in trading in the Instrument being restricted. 
"Failure to Pay" 
Means the Reference Bond Issuer's (failing which, any relevant Reference 
Bond Guarantor's) failure to pay when due (after expiry of any applicable 
grace period), in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Reference 
Bond at the time of such failure, any amount due for payment. 
"Financing Level" 
Means initially, the level specified in the Final Terms. On each Financing 
Level Calculation Date thereafter, the Financing Level will be equal to the 
Financing Level on the previous Financing Level Calculation Date plus the 
Accumulated Financing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Financing Level 
may be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 9(f) 
(Adjustments).  
"Financing Level 
Calculation Date 
Means either the date(s) specified in the Final Terms or, if "Cumulative 
Financing Level" is specified, a level calculated on each Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day commencing on the 
Commencement Date and up to and including the Expiration Date. 
"Floor" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund" 
The Fund specified as the Underlying Asset in the Final Terms. 
"GBP" 
The British pound or such currency as may have replaced the British pound 
as legal tender in Great Britain. 
"Gearing" 
Means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Governmental Authority" 
Means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or other department therefor), any court, tribunal, administrative 
or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; any 
authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a 
resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the 
financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Bond Issuer 
or of the jurisdiction of organisation of the Reference Bond Issuer or some 
or all of its obligations, or any other entity which is analogous to any of the 
foregoing. 
"Governmental 
Intervention" 
Means that, with respect to the Reference Bond, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement 
made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other applicable law), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Bond Issuer in a form which is 
binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Reference Bond: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the 
amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable 
at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for 
either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the 
payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any 
Reference Bond, causing the (further) subordination of 
such Reference Bond;

--- Page 76 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 76 -
70-41081773 
 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily 
changes the beneficial holder of the Reference Bond; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange of the 
Reference Bond; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the foregoing. 
If the operation of one or more provisions of the Reference Bond results in 
(i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable 
at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention. 
"Hedge Transaction" 
Means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's 
obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the 
Instruments or any hypothetical transaction or trading position relating to 
the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect 
of the Instruments, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"HIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. HKT on the relevant 
day is published on the Relevant Screen Page (or through such other system 
or on such other screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or 
screen page) or, where such quotation is not available (ii) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest 
offered by the Reference Banks for deposits in HKD for the period in 
question on the interbank market in Hong Kong or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered 
by local commercial banks for loans in HKD for the relevant period on the 
interbank market in Hong Kong. 
"HKD" 
Hong Kong Dollars or such currency which may have replaced the Hong 
Kong Dollar as legal tender in Hong Kong. 
"Index" 
Means an Underlying Asset that is an index. 
"Index Sponsor" 
The corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index and (b) customarily 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Index on 
a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Initial Accumulated 
Value" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price Higher" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price Lower" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated in 
connection with the determination of an Initial Price, as stated in the Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Initial Price 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms up to and including the 
final Initial Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Translation Rate" 
Either: (a) the value specified in the Final Terms, or (b) the exchange rate 
for conversion of the Listing Currency to the Reference Currency in 
accordance with the Exchange Rate Reference Source at the Exchange Rate 
Reference Time on (i) the first or last Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Initial Price Determination Period as specified in the Final Terms or (ii) on 
the Initial Price Determination Date, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Instruments" 
Warrants or Certificates issued pursuant to this Programme. 
"Interest" 
The interest to be paid per Underlying Amount on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Amount 
Multiplier" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. If no factor is stated in the Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount Multiplier shall be 1.

--- Page 77 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 77 -
70-41081773 
 
"Interest Determination 
Date(s)" 
The date or dates specified in the Final Terms or, if no date is specified, the 
date occurring two Business Days before the first day in each Interest 
Period. 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" 
The dates specified as such in the Final Terms subject to any Business Day 
Convention as set out in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Period(s)" 
(i) For the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date up to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) for 
subsequent Interest Periods, the period commencing on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date until (but excluding) the following Interest Payment 
Date (or such earlier date on which the Settlement Amount becomes 
payable), provided that, with respect to issuances of Swedish Instruments, 
the period which begins on (but excluding) the Issue Date and ends on (but 
including) the first Interest Payment Date and each period which begins on 
(but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ends on (but including) the 
next Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Interest Period. 
"Issue Date" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"JPY" 
Japanese Yen or such currency which may have replaced the Japanese Yen 
as legal tender in Japan. 
"Leverage Factor" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. 
"Listing Currency"  
DKK, EUR, NOK, SEK, GBP, USD, PLN, CAD, CHF, RUB, HKD, JPY 
or another, in each case currency as specified in the Final Terms. 
"London Banking Day" or 
"LBD" 
Means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London.  
 
"Long Asset" 
Means the Underlying Asset specified as the Long Asset in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Management Company" 
Means in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified under 
law or the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements 
and other agreements, applicable to the Fund, including any fund adviser, 
fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the Final 
Terms 
"Management Fee" 
A fee stated in the Final Terms. Management Fees represent a cost charged 
by the Issuer in respect of administration and risk management. 
"Market Disruption" 
Means an event specified in Condition 9(a) (Market Disruption). 
"Market Maker" 
Means the Issuer, acting in its capacity as market maker (if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) in respect of the Instruments. 
 
The Market Maker intends, under normal market conditions, to publish buy 
and sell rates for such number of trading posts as decided upon by the 
Market Maker from time to time. For Instruments which have a theoretical 
price which is lower than the lowest tick-size, no buy rate is normally 
quoted. 
"Material Price 
Percentage" 
The value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest 
Amount" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Rate" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Max Level" 
A price stated in the Final Terms. 
"Minimum Amount" 
An amount stated in the Final Terms. 
"MOSPRIME" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. Moscow time on the 
relevant day published on the Relevant Screen Page (or through such other 
system or on such other screen page as replaces the aforementioned system 
or screen page) or, where such quotation is not available (ii) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest

--- Page 78 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 78 -
70-41081773 
 
offered by the Reference Banks for deposits in RUB for the period in 
question on the interbank market in Moscow or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered 
by local commercial banks for loans in RUB for the relevant period on the 
interbank market in Moscow. 
"Multiplier" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. If no factor is stated in the Final Terms, 
the Multiplier shall be 1. 
"NIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) is determined at or about 12.00 CET on the 
relevant day and is published on the Relevant Screen Page for the relevant 
period (or through such other system or on such other screen page as 
replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) 
the average of the rates of interest offered by the Reference Banks for 
deposits in NOK for the period in question on the interbank market in Oslo 
or, if only one or no such quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment 
of the rate of interest offered by local commercial banks for loans in NOK 
for the relevant period on the interbank market in Oslo. 
"NOK" 
The Norwegian krone or such currency as may have replaced the 
Norwegian krone as legal tender in Norway. 
"Nordnet Agreement" 
Has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Nordnet Termination 
Event" 
Means a termination of the Nordnet Agreement; 
"Number of Closing Date 
Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, five (5) Business Days. 
"Number of Expiration 
Date Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, five (5) Business Days. 
"Number of Redemption 
Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days prior to the Redemption Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or, if a number of Business days is not 
specified, five (5) Business Days. 
"Number of Trading 
Hours" 
Means the number of trading hours specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Date" 
Means an Observation Start Date or an Observation End Date, as 
applicable. 
"Observation Day for 
Barrier Level(s)" 
The observations day(s) for the Barrier Level, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Observation Start Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation End Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" 
Means the period commencing on, and including, the Observation Start 
Date and ending on, and including, the Observation End Date. 
"Participation Rate" 
Means the value stated in the Final Terms. If no value is stated in the Final 
Terms, the Participation Rate shall be 100%. 
"PLN" 
Polish zloty or such currency which may have replace the Polish zloty as 
legal tender in Poland. 
"Potential Adjustment 
Event" 
Means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant 
Underlying Asset(s) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Underlying Assets to existing holders whether by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) a distribution, issue or dividend to 
existing holders of the relevant Underlying Assets or (iii) a call by the issuer 
of the Underlying Assets (the "Underlying Company") in respect of any 
Underlying Assets that are not fully paid; or (iv) a repurchase by the 
Underlying Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying 
Assets whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (v) any other event that 
may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Underlying Asset(s). 
"Pre-determined 
Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Level is observed on certain pre-determined dates 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 79 -
70-41081773 
 
"Rate Option" 
Means the provisions for determining the relevant interest rate, as specified 
in the relevant Rate Option Definitions. 
"Rate Option Definitions" 
Means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption" 
The right of an investor to request early redemption of Instruments, if 
applicable. 
"Redemption Date(s)" 
Means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Fee" 
A fee charged by the Issuer for processing applications for redemption, and 
which shall not exceed the amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Price" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms or, if "Cumulative Redemption 
Price" is specified, the Redemption Price will be a price calculated on each 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day (a 
"Redemption 
Price 
Calculation 
Date"), 
commencing 
on 
the 
Commencement Date and up to and including the Expiration Date. The start 
value for the Redemption Price on the Commencement Date is Redemption 
Price Start. On each Redemption Price Calculation Date thereafter, the 
Redemption Price will be equal to the Redemption Price on the previous 
Redemption Price Calculation Date plus the Accumulated Financing.  
"Redemption Price Start" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" 
Four major commercial banks which, at the time in question, offer the 
relevant Base Rate and which are selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Bond" 
Means the reference bond specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond Call 
Event" 
Means any early redemption or repayment (including pursuant to a tender 
offer or a voluntary exchange offer) of all or part of the principal amount 
of the Reference Bond by the Reference Bond Issuer or the occurrence of a 
Reference Bond Restructuring. 
"Reference Bond Credit 
Event" 
Means one or more of the following events: (i) Failure to Pay, (ii) 
Bankruptcy, or (iii) Governmental Intervention.  
"Reference Bond Exchange 
Rate (Interest Amount)" 
Has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond Exchange 
Rate (Settlement Amount)" 
Has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond 
Guarantor"  
Means any guarantor in respect of the Reference Bond. 
"Reference Bond 
Restructuring" 
Means one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring of the Reference 
Bond Issuer or any Reference Bond Guarantor while it is solvent; 
(ii) 
any amendments to the terms and conditions of the Reference 
Bond, including the replacement or exchange of the Reference 
Bond for one or more alternative obligations of the Reference 
Bond Issuer, any Reference Bond Guarantor, or any other person; 
or  
(iii) 
any substitution or replacement of the Reference Bond Issuer or 
any Reference Bond Guarantor; or  
(iv) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: (a) a 
reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount 
of 
scheduled 
interest 
accruals 
(including by 
way of 
redenomination); (b) a reduction in the amount of principal or 
premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); (c) a postponement or other deferral of a date or 
dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the 
payment of principal or premium; (d) a change in the ranking in 
priority of payment of any Reference Bond, causing the (further) 
subordination of such Reference Bond; (e) an expropriation, 
transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Bond; (f) any event which has an 
analogous effect to any of the foregoing.

--- Page 80 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 80 -
70-41081773 
 
"Reference Bond Issuer" 
Means the issuer in respect of the Reference Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" 
Means the price of the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by Issuer by reference to the Reference Bond Price Source at 
the Reference Bond Quotation Time; provided that if "Dirty Price" is 
specified to be applicable, the Issuer will deduct the value of any accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect of the Reference Bond (if any and as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) which is included in such 
price available on the Reference Bond Price Source. If no such Reference 
Bond Price Source is available, the Reference Bond Price shall be such 
other price as may be determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Bond Price 
Source" 
Means the source of the price in respect of the Reference Bond as specified 
in the Final Terms. If a price is not available on such specified source, such 
alternative source as the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion. 
"Reference Bond Principal 
Amount" 
Means the amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond 
Quotation Time" 
Has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Currency" 
Means the currency specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" 
Means one of the following, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
The price for the Underlying Asset, calculated by the Issuer in 
accordance with an applicable Reference Price Determination 
Method; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket: 
 
i
i
n
i
i
V
KV
KR
RK



 
 
Where  
 
RK 
= 
Reference Price 
 
KRi 
= 
Basket Component Reference Price for Basket 
Component "i", provided that if the Basket comprises 
a cash component, the Reference Price for that cash 
component shall be the relevant cash amount. 
 
KVi 
= 
Basket Weight for Basket Component "i" 
 
Vi 
= 
Basket Component Exchange Rate for Basket 
Component "i" 
 
or  
 
(iii) 
all of the most recent transaction prices listed by a Reference 
Source for the Underlying Asset during continuous trading 
commencing on and including the Commencement Date up to and 
including the Expiration Date; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of the prices for the Underlying Asset, 
calculated by the Issuer in accordance with an applicable 
Reference Price Determination Method, on each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Reference Price Determination Period 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated, as stated in 
the Final Terms. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Reference Price 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms up to and including the 
final Reference Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Method" 
The price determination method which is stated in the Final Terms, which 
may comprise any of the following: 
 
(i) 
Official Closing: the official closing price (or, if an official 
closing price is not generally published, the price of the last trade 
on the relevant day, as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) for an Underlying Asset listed on a market place which

--- Page 81 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 81 -
70-41081773 
 
is determined to be a Reference Source by the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion;  
 
(ii) 
Fixing: the price which is calculated and published on a specific 
Reference Source set out in the Final Terms; or 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: the price of one or more Underlying Assets on a 
Reference Source at a time stated in the Final Terms ("Valuation 
Time"). 
"Reference Rate" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Source" 
The 
regulated 
market(s), 
multilateral 
trading 
facility(s), 
other 
marketplace(s) or other reference sources on which, in the Issuer's opinion, 
an Underlying Asset is primarily traded, listed or quoted from time to time 
(or, in the case of an Underlying Asset which is dual-listed, the Issuer may 
(acting in its sole and absolute discretion) elect to use any of the sources). 
"Related Derivatives 
Market" 
The 
regulated 
market(s), 
multilateral 
trading 
facility(s), 
other 
marketplace(s) or other reference sources on which, in the Issuer's opinion, 
options or futures contracts regarding an Underlying Asset are primarily 
traded or listed from time to time. 
"Relevant Nominating 
Body" 
Means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof or (iii) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association; 
"Relevant Screen Page" 
The screen page specified in the Final Terms. 
"Replacement Underlying 
Asset" 
An alternative Underlying Asset which the Issuer chooses in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Roll Date(s)" 
The date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"RUB" 
Russian roubles or such currency which may have replaced the Russian 
rouble as legal tender in Russia. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms and irrespective of whether 
Market Disruption has occurred, in respect of:  
(i) 
each Underlying Asset which comprises a share/depositary 
receipt, share index or any other type of Underlying Asset which 
is traded on an exchange or marketplace, a day on which: 
 
(a) 
trading is scheduled to take place in an Underlying Asset 
on a Reference Source and on a Related Derivatives 
Market; and/or
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of the index and, in respect of each Underlying 
Asset for which a price is published, a day on which the 
price for such an Underlying Asset is scheduled to be 
published, or will be published and, in respect of an 
Underlying Asset which comprises a fund or a fund 
index, a day on which the value of the Underlying Asset 
or units of an Underlying Asset is scheduled to be 
published and, in respect of any other Underlying Asset 
and/or Basket Component, a day specified in the Final 
Terms, 
 
(ii) 
in respect of each Underlying Asset which is a currency, a day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre for the relevant currency, which in the 
case of euro shall be a TARGET Settlement Day, and

--- Page 82 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 82 -
70-41081773 
 
(iii) 
in respect of each Underlying Asset which is an exchange rate, a 
day on which the price for such exchange rate is scheduled to be 
published on the Reference Source specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"SEK" 
The Swedish krona or such currency as may have replaced the Swedish 
krona as legal tender in Sweden. 
"Settlement Amount" 
The settlement amount in respect of the relevant Instruments, as calculated 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Settlement Amount 
Multiplier" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. If no factor is stated in the Final Terms, 
the Settlement Amount Multiplier shall be 1. 
"Settlement Date" 
The date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Short Asset" 
Means the Underlying Asset specified as the "Short Asset" in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Specific Early 
Redemption" 
The right of the Issuer to redeem Instruments early in accordance with the 
Conditions, if applicable. 
"Specific Early 
Redemption Date" 
The day on which the Issuer makes a Specific Early Redemption of 
Instruments. 
"Spread" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) at 11:00am CET on the day in question is 
published on the Relevant Screen Page for the relevant period (or through 
such other system or on such other screen page as replaces the 
aforementioned system or screen page) or – where such quotation is not 
available (ii) at the aforementioned time, corresponds to: (a) the average of 
the rates of interest offered by the Reference Banks for deposits of SEK 
100,000,000 for the period in question on the interbank market in 
Stockholm or, if only one or no such quotation is offered (b) the rate of 
interest which, in the Issuer's assessment, local commercial banks offer for 
loans in SEK for the relevant period on the interbank market in Stockholm. 
"Stop Loss Buffer" 
Means, initially, the level specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
thereafter shall be such level as may be determined by the Issuer from time 
to time, provided that such level may not exceed the Maximum Stop Loss 
Buffer (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Issuer shall 
notify holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable following any adjustment of the Stop Loss Buffer. 
"Stop Loss Event" 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an event which does 
not constitute an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event as determined 
by the Issuer, and which occurs at any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, during the Stop Loss Observation 
Period, which means that the Stop Loss Reference Price for any Underlying 
Asset or (in the case of a basket of Underlying Assets) the Basket, is, in the 
Issuer's opinion, equal to or either equal to or lower (in respect of Call 
Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo Call 
Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) 
or equal to or higher (in respect of Put Warrants, Quanto Put Warrants, 
Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants, Mini Futures Short, Unlimited 
Turbos Short and Bear Certificates) than the Stop Loss Level. 
"Stop Loss Level" 
Means initially the level specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
thereafter means the product of either: 
(i) 
the Reference Price, or 
(ii) 
the Financing Level, or 
(iii) 
the most recent official closing price for the Underlying Asset 
quoted on the Reference Source, 
and the result obtained by either: 
(i) 
subtracting the Stop Loss Buffer from 100% (in respect of Call 
Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo 
Call Warrants, Mini Futures Short, Unlimited Turbos Short or 
Bull Certificates), or

--- Page 83 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 83 -
70-41081773 
 
(ii) 
adding the Stop Loss Buffer to 100% (in respect of Put Warrants, 
Quanto Put Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put 
Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long and Bear 
Certificates), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, on each Stop Loss 
Rollover Date, rounded to 4 decimal places. 
"Stop Loss Observation 
Period" 
Means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Reference 
Price" 
Either:  
(a)      all of the most recent transaction prices during continuous trading 
listed on a Reference Source, commencing on the Commencement 
Date up to and including the Expiration Date;  
(b)       the last trade price during continuous trading on a Reference Source 
on the Expiration Date;  
(c)      in case of a Mini Future Basket Long and subject to (d) below, the 
value observed by the Issuer commencing on the Commencement 
Date up to and including the Expiration Date as being the sum of (i) 
the Cash Component, (ii) the most recent transaction prices of the 
Long Asset during continuous trading listed on a Reference Source 
multiplied by the Basket Weight of the Long Asset and (iii) the most 
recent transaction prices of the Short Asset during continuous 
trading listed on a Reference Source multiplied by the Basket 
Weight of the Short Asset; or  
(d)    where "Weighted Stop Loss Reference Price" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the value observed by the Issuer commencing 
on the Commencement Date up to and including the Expiration Date 
as being the sum of (i) the Cash Component and (ii) the most recent 
transaction prices of the Long Asset during continuous trading listed 
on a Reference Source multiplied by the Basket Weight of the Long 
Asset and (iii) the most recent transaction prices of the Short Asset 
during continuous trading listed on a Reference Source multiplied 
by the Basket Weight of the Short Asset,  
as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as determined by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, 
the Issuer reserves the right to determine whether a price is reasonable and 
may thereby constitute a Stop Loss Reference Price (or used to determine a 
Stop Loss Reference Price, as applicable). 
"Stop Loss Rollover 
Date(s)" 
Means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Trigger Date" 
A date on which a Stop Loss Event occurs. 
"Strike Level" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Price" 
As stated in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated in 
connection with the determination of a Strike Price, as stated in the Final 
Terms. 
"Strike Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Strike Price 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms up to and including the 
final Strike Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Successor Rate" 
means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
relevant Affected Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or 
not a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of such Affected Reference 
Rate) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"T2" 
means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor system. 
"TARGET Settlement 
Day" 
means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro.

--- Page 84 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 84 -
70-41081773 
 
"TIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. JST on the relevant day 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or through such other system or on 
such other screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or screen 
page) or, where such quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned 
time corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by the 
Reference Banks for deposits in JPY for the period in question on the 
interbank market in Tokyo or, if only one or no such quotation is offered, 
(b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered by local 
commercial banks for loans in JPY for the relevant period on the interbank 
market in Tokyo. 
"Trading Hour" 
Means an hour during which the Reference Source publishes official prices 
for the Underlying Asset. 
"Trading Lot" 
A number or amount stated in the Final Terms. 
"Translation Rate" 
The exchange rate for conversion of the Listing Currency into the 
Reference Currency, as determined by reference to the average of the latest 
bid and ask prices for the Listing Currency and the Reference Currency 
published on the Exchange Rate Reference Source at the Exchange Rate 
Reference Time on each Valuation Date, as set out in the Final Terms. If 
"Cross Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of such Translation Rate, the rate shall be determined by converting 
an amount in the Listing Currency into the Crossing Currency and then 
converting the resultant amount from the Crossing Currency into the 
Reference Currency, in each case as determined by reference to the average 
of the latest bid and ask prices for the Listing Currency, the Crossing 
Currency and the Reference Currency published on the Exchange Rate 
Reference Source at the Exchange Rate Reference Time on each Valuation 
Date, as set out in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Amount" 
The amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Asset" 
Securities, indices, interest rates, exchange rates, fund units, commodities, 
futures contracts, forward contracts, currencies, cash amounts or baskets 
thereof, or combinations of, or relationships between, assets, as stated in 
the Final Terms. 
"U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" 
Means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
"USD" 
The American dollar or such currency as may have replaced the American 
dollar as legal tender in the United States of America. 
"Valuation Date" 
An Initial Price Determination Date, Closing Price Determination Date or 
another day on which a Reference Price or Basket Component Reference 
Price is calculated in connection with the determination of a Settlement 
Amount, Redemption Price, Interest Amount or Yield Amount in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" 
As stated in the Final Terms or, unless otherwise stated, the time of day 
when the calculation referred to in the definition of Valuation Date is made 
by the institution which, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion, 
calculates and, where applicable, publishes a relevant reference price or 
value. The Issuer reserves the right to change the Valuation Time specified 
in the Final Terms by giving no fewer than 2 calendar days' notice thereof 
to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"VP account" 
A securities account at a Clearing System on which a respective Holder's 
holdings of Instruments are registered. 
"WIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. CET on the relevant 
day is published on the Relevant Screen Page (or through such other system 
or on such other screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or 
screen page) or, where such quotation is not available (ii) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest 
offered by the Reference Banks for deposits in PLN for the period in 
question on the interbank market in Warsaw or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered

--- Page 85 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 85 -
70-41081773 
 
by local commercial banks for loans in PLN for the relevant period on the 
interbank market in Warsaw. 
"X" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Yield Amount" 
The amount that shall be paid per Underlying Amount on each Yield 
Payment Date. 
"Yield Determination 
Date(s)" 
The day or days specified in the Final Terms, or, if no date has been 
specified, the day two Business Days prior to the first day in every Yield 
Period. 
"Yield Payment Date" 
Means each day specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Yield Period(s)" 
(i) the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first 
Yield Payment Date and (ii) in relation to the next Yield Periods, the period 
beginning on (and including) a Yield Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
next Yield Payment Date, however, as regards Swedish Instruments, the 
period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the initial Yield Payment Date and each period beginning on (but 
excluding) a Yield Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next 
Yield Payment Date shall be the relevant Yield Period. 
 
2. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form  
Instruments, other than VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish Instruments, are 
issued in registered form and are serially numbered. 
The VP Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Danish Capital Markets Act Consolidated Act No. 931 of 6 September 2019, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (Kapitalmarkedsloven), the Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended 
from time to time (Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the 
"Danish Executive Order"), and part 3 of the VP Rule Book dated 17 June 2024, as amended from time to 
time (the "VP Rule Book"). 
The VPS Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Norwegian Act on Central Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement Act 2019 (in Norwegian: lov om 
verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv. 2019 15. mars nr. 6) (the "CSD Act"). 
The Swedish Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the SFIA Act. 
Finnish Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Settlement Activities (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-
osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended, as well as the rules and regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Form of Registered Instruments 
Instruments issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") will be in substantially the form (subject 
to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Form of VP Instruments 
A Tranche or a Series of Instruments (as the case may be), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms may be 
cleared and settled through VP in accordance with Danish laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by VP for the time being (the "VP Rules"). The VP Instruments shall be regarded 
as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are 
inconsistent with Danish laws, regulations and VP Rules. No physical Instruments or certificates will be 
issued in respect of the VP Instruments and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, 
surrendering or replacement of such physical VP Instruments or certificates shall not apply to the VP 
Instruments. On the date of issue of a Tranche of VP Instruments, Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank  
Abp, Finland will be issuing agent vis-à-vis VP for such Tranche. 
(d) 
Form of VPS Instruments 
The VPS Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these Conditions save 
to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and operating procedures

--- Page 86 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 86 -
70-41081773 
 
applicable to and/or issued by Euronext VPS for the time being (the "VPS Rules"). No physical VPS 
Instruments or certificates will be issued in respect of the VPS Instruments and the provisions in these 
Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such physical Instruments or certificates 
shall not apply to the VPS Instruments. 
(e) 
Form of Swedish Instruments 
The Swedish Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these Conditions 
save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden for the time being (the "Euroclear Sweden Rules"). No 
physical Swedish Instruments or certificates will be issued in respect of the Swedish Instruments and the 
provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical Swedish 
Instruments or certificates shall not apply to the Swedish Instruments. 
(f) 
Form of Finnish Instruments 
The Finnish Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these Conditions 
save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the "Euroclear Finland Rules"). No 
physical Finnish Instruments will be issued in respect of the Finnish Instruments and the provisions in these 
Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical Finnish Instruments shall not 
apply to the Finnish Instruments. 
(g) 
Currency of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued in any currency subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
(h) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may in certain circumstances consolidate the Instruments with one or more further Tranches of 
Instruments of the same Series, as described in Condition 21 (Further Issues) below. 
3. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish 
Instruments 
Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. References herein to the "Instrumentholders" or "Holders" of Registered 
Instruments signify the persons in whose names such Instruments are so registered. 
Title to the VP Instruments shall pass by transfer between accountholders of VP, perfected in accordance with 
the legislation (including the Danish Capital Markets Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued 
by the VP that are in force and effect from time to time. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from VP in accordance with the VP Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VP Instrument shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation 
to VP Instruments only, "Instrument Holder" or "Instrument" means, as the context requires, the person in 
whose name a VP Instrument is registered iby VP and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as 
a nominee and registered as a holder of the VP Instruments. If VP Instruments cease to be registered in VP, 
Nordea Bank Abp as issuer shall supply the VP Issuing Agent with all relevant information. 
Title to the VPS Instruments shall pass by registration in the register (the "VPS Register") in accordance with 
the VPS Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from Euronext VPS in accordance with the 
VPS Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as 
defined below) of any VPS Instrument shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to VPS Instruments only, 
"Instrument Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a VPS 
Instrument is registered in the VPS Register and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a 
nominee (forvalter) and registered as a holder of the VPS Instruments. 
Title to the Swedish Instruments shall pass by registration in the book entry system and register maintained 
by Euroclear Sweden (the "Euroclear Sweden Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Swedish Instrument shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In

--- Page 87 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 87 -
70-41081773 
 
these Conditions in relation to Swedish Instruments only, "Instrument Holder" or "Holder" means, as the 
context requires, the person in whose name a Swedish Instrument is registered in the Euroclear Sweden 
Register and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as 
a holder of the Swedish Instruments. 
Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer 
as the holder of the relevant Swedish Instruments. 
Title to the Finnish Instruments shall pass by registration in the book-entry system and register maintained by 
Euroclear Finland. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder 
(as defined below) of any Finnish Instrument shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in 
it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. References herein to the "Instrument Holders" or 
"Holders" of Finnish Instruments means, as the context requires, persons in whose name the Finnish 
Instruments are registered in Euroclear Finland's register. 
The Holder of any Instrument will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no 
person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish 
Instruments 
Registered Instruments 
A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is equal to a whole number of 
Instruments) upon the surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered 
Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Instrument, 
a new Registered Instrument in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Instruments will, upon the 
effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available for delivery at 
the specified office of the Registrar. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar during 
the period of fifteen London Banking Days, ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered 
Instruments shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day following the due 
date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity 
as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation thereto. 
VP Instruments 
One or more VP Instruments may be transferred in accordance with the VP Rules. Each new VP Instrument 
to be issued shall be available for delivery within two business days of receipt of the request and the surrender 
of the VP Instruments for exchange. Delivery of the new VP Instrument(s) shall be made to the same VP 
account on which the original VP Instruments were registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered 
Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish Instruments) in relation to 
VP Instruments only, "business day" has the meaning ascribed to such term by the then applicable rules and 
procedures of VP. 
Exchange and transfer of VP Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call or 
a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the VP Issuing Agent, but upon payment of 
any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the VP Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VP Instrument to be registered during any closed period pursuant to 
the then applicable VP Rules. 
All transfers of VP Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such VP Instruments and are 
subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of VP. VP's rules and regulations may be 
downloaded from its website: http://www.vp.dk.

--- Page 88 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 88 -
70-41081773 
 
VPS Instruments 
One or more VPS Instruments may be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules. In the case of an exercise 
of option resulting in VPS Instruments of the same holding having different terms, separate VPS Instruments 
registered with the VPS Register shall be issued in respect of those VPS Instruments of that holding having 
the same terms. Such VPS Instruments shall only be issued against surrender of the existing VPS Instruments 
in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
Each new VPS Instrument to be issued pursuant to the above, shall be available for delivery within five 
business days of receipt of the request and the surrender of the VPS Instruments for exchange. Delivery of 
the new VPS Instrument(s) shall be made to the same Euronext VPS account on which the original VPS 
Instruments were registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS 
Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish Instruments) in relation to VPS Instruments only, "business 
day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday on which Euronext VPS is open for business. 
Exchange and transfer of VPS Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option 
shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the VPS Paying Agent, but upon payment of 
any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the VPS Paying Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VPS Instrument to be registered during any closed period pursuant to 
the then applicable VPS Rules. 
Swedish Instruments 
One or more Swedish Instruments may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. Exchange 
and transfer of Swedish Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call or a put 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Swedish Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Swedish Instrument to be registered during any closed period pursuant 
to the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
All transfers of Swedish Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Swedish Instruments 
and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden. The Euroclear 
Sweden Rules may be downloaded from its website: http://www.euroclear.com. 
Finnish Instruments 
One or more Finnish Instruments may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. Exchange 
and transfer of Finnish Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call or a put 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Finnish Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Finnish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Finnish Instrument to be registered during any closed period pursuant 
to the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules. 
All transfers of Finnish Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Finnish Instruments 
and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Finland. Euroclear Finland's 
rules and regulations may be downloaded from its website: http://www.euroclear.com. 
4. 
Status 
The Instruments of each Series constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
5. 
Interest and Yield 
Instruments may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
amount of interest payable per Instrument on each Interest Payment Date, (the "Interest Amount") shall be 
calculated in accordance with one of the following alternatives as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, the Interest Amount will be an amount per Instrument and 
will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Instruments may be yield bearing or non-yield bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount 
of yield payable per Instrument on each Yield Payment Date, (the "Yield Amount") shall be calculated in

--- Page 89 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 89 -
70-41081773 
 
accordance with one of the following alternatives as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise specified in these Conditions, the Yield Amount will be an amount per Instrument and will be 
payable in arrear on each Yield Payment Date. 
(a) 
Cap/Floor 
If "Cap/Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount for the applicable 
Interest Period will be determined by multiplying the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the Interest Rate; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method. 
"Interest Rate" means the higher of: (i) zero and (ii) the Adjusted Reference Rate Return. 
"Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the product of the Gearing and the result obtained by subtracting the 
Strike Level from the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date. 
"Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be negative). 
(b) 
Capped Floor Float 
Where "Capped Floor Float" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount for 
the applicable Interest Period will be determined by multiplying the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the lower of the Cap Strike and the Adjusted Reference Rate Return; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method; 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the higher of: 
(i) 
the total of the Reference Rate and the Spread; and 
(ii) 
the Floor Strike. 
(c) 
Compounding Floater 
Where "Compounding Floater" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount for 
the relevant Interest Period will be paid on the Settlement Date and will equal the Underlying Amount 
multiplied by the Capitalised Interest Rate. 
"Capitalised Interest Rate" is the periodically capitalised Interest Rate, taking into account the applicable 
Day Calculation Method. 
"Interest Rate" is the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the Adjusted Reference Rate Return. 
"Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the higher of: 
(i) 
The Floor, and 
(ii) 
The Gearing, multiplied by the sum of the Reference Price on the applicable Valuation Date and the 
Spread. 
"Spread" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Range Accrual 
Where the Term "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
for the applicable Interest Period comprises the amount obtained by multiplying the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
X; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Proportion; and 
(iii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method. 
"X" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 90 -
70-41081773 
 
The "Relevant Proportion" shall be calculated by dividing the number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
during which the Reference Price for the Underlying Asset or the Basket is lower than or equal to the Initial 
Price Higher and higher than or equal to the Initial Price Lower, by the total number of days during the 
applicable Interest Period. 
(e) 
Digital Long 
Where "Digital Long" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield Amount payable on 
each Yield Payment Date shall, if the Basket Return on any Yield Determination Date is equal to or exceeds 
the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms, be equal to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
Where the Basket Return does not equal or exceed the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms on any Yield 
Determination Date, the Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be zero. 
The "Basket Return" constitutes the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket, provided that, if a "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket 
Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the total of the Weighted Asset Return for 
each Basket Component in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing (i) the Closing Price for each Basket Component by 
(ii) its Initial Price, minus the Strike Level. 
The "Lowest Basket Return" means the level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Digital Short 
Where "Digital Short" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and provided that the Basket Return on 
any Yield Determination Date is equal to, or lower than, the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms, the 
Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be equal to the Underlying Amount multiplied by 
the Coupon. 
Where the Basket Return is higher than the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms on any Yield 
Determination Date, the Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be zero. 
"Basket Return" comprises the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the amount obtained by 
dividing the Closing Price for each Underlying Asset by its Initial Price. 
(g) 
Basket Long 
Where "Basket Long" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield Amount payable on 
each Yield Payment Date shall comprise an amount obtained by multiplying the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the Basket Return; and 
(ii) 
the Participation Rate. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket, 
provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Basket Return 
shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each 
Basket Component. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing (i) the Closing Price for each Basket Component (ii) 
by its Initial Price, minus the Strike Level. 
(h) 
Basket Short 
Where the Term "Basket Short" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield Amount 
payable on each Yield Payment Date shall comprise an amount obtained by multiplying the Underlying 
Amount by: 
(i) 
the Basket Return; and

--- Page 91 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 91 -
70-41081773 
 
(ii) 
the Participation Rate. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the amount obtained by 
dividing the Closing Price for each Basket Component by its Initial Price. 
(i) 
Autocall coupon 
Where "Autocall Coupon" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and provided that the Basket 
Value on any Valuation Date is higher than, or equal to, the Coupon Barrier Level specified in the Final 
Terms, the Instruments shall pay a coupon (the "Coupon") on the immediately subsequent Yield Payment 
Date. The amount of such Coupon Payment shall be determined as follows. 
(i) 
Where "Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment shall comprise an 
amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the relevant Coupon Level; 
(ii) 
Where "Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment shall comprise an 
amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the relevant Coupon Level, 
multiplied by the number of immediately preceding Yield Payment Dates (up to and including the 
Yield Payment Date which immediately follows the applicable Yield Determination Date) in respect 
of which a Memory Coupon has not been paid; 
(iii) 
Where "Plus Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment will comprise an 
amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the higher of: (a) the relevant 
Coupon Level and (b) the Bonus Factor; and 
(iv) 
Where "Plus Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment shall comprise 
an amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the higher of: (a) the relevant 
Coupon Level multiplied by the number of immediately preceding Yield Payment Dates (up to and 
including the Yield Payment Date which immediately follows the applicable Yield Determination 
Date) in respect of which a coupon has not been paid and (b) the Bonus Factor. 
The "Bonus Factor" and the "Basket Value" are: 
(i) 
Where "Basket Level" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Bonus Factor will amount 
to the Weighted Asset Return and the Basket Value will be the Basket Return plus the Strike Level; 
(ii) 
Where "Best/Worst Price" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Bonus Factor will 
amount to the Asset Return for the Nth best performing Underlying Asset and the Basket Value will 
be the Closing Price for the Nth best performing Basket Component on the relevant Valuation Date, 
divided by the Initial Price of the Nth best performing Basket Component. 
Where the Basket Value or the Asset Return for the Nth best performing Underlying Asset on any Valuation 
Date is below the Coupon Barrier Level, no Coupon will be paid out on the immediately following Yield 
Payment Date. 
The "Nth best performing" Basket Component will be the asset with the Nth highest Asset Return where 
"N" shall be a value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing the Closing Price for each Basket Component by its 
Initial Price, minus the relevant Strike Level. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket, 
provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified in the Final Terms as applicable, the Basket Return shall be 
the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the sum of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket 
Component in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket Participation. 
(j) 
Bond Tracker Coupon 
Where "Bond Tracker Coupon" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Instrument for the applicable Interest Period will be the amount of interest (as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) that would be received by a hypothetical holder of Reference 
Bond Principal Amount of the Reference Bond during the relevant Interest Period multiplied by the Interest 
Amount Multiplier and the Refence Bond Exchange Rate (Interest Amount) (if applicable), net of all taxes

--- Page 92 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 92 -
70-41081773 
 
including withholding taxes (if any), duties, fees, expenses, charges or commissions which would be payable 
by such a hypothetical holder of the Reference Bond. 
(k) 
Max Component 
Where "Max Component" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount shall 
comprise the lower of: a) the Interest Amount as determined in accordance with one or more of the other 
performance structures specified in the relevant Final Terms and b) the Maximum Interest Amount. 
(l) 
Currency Components 
Currency Component–Basket 
Where "Currency Components–Basket" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Basket Return which is determined in accordance with any of the preceding paragraphs of this Condition 5 
(Interest and Yield) will also be multiplied by the applicable Translation Rate for the purpose of determining 
the total Interest Amount payable to the Holders on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s). Currency 
Component - Basket may be applicable only when the Basket Return is positive, or can be applicable only 
when the Basket Return is negative, or in both cases, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Currency Component – Underlying Asset 
Where "Currency Component – Underlying Asset" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, each Asset Return for one or more Basket Components specified in the Final Terms (which is 
determined in accordance with any of the preceding paragraphs of this Condition 5 (Interest and Yield) will 
also be multiplied by the applicable Translation Rate for the purpose of determining the Interest Amount 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s). 
6. 
Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settlement 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, each Holder shall, upon exercise, 
be entitled to have their Instruments redeemed at their Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date specified 
in the Final Terms. The Settlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest minimum unit of the specified 
currency, with all Instruments being exercised at the same time by the same Holder being aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the aggregate Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Instruments. If, on the 
Settlement Date, the Settlement Amount in respect of any Instrument is greater than zero, the Instrument shall 
be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Settlement Date. Instruments which are not deemed to be 
automatically exercised shall be void and no amounts shall be payable in respect thereof. The Settlement 
Amount will be determined as follows, subject always to the other provisions of this Condition 6 (Settlement), 
if applicable. 
If a Settlement Amount Cap is Specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be the 
lower of the amount determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 6(a) (Cash 
Settlement) and the Settlement Amount Cap. If a Settlement Amount Floor is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be the higher of the amount determined in accordance with the following 
provisions of this Condition 6(a) (Cash Settlement) and the Settlement Amount Floor. If both a Settlement 
Amount Cap and a Settlement Amount Floor are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Amount 
will be the lesser of: (i) the Settlement Amount Cap and (ii) the greater of (x) the amount calculated in 
accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 6(a) (Cash Settlement) and (y) the Settlement 
Amount Floor. 
(i) 
Call Warrant: If "Call Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the Closing Price is 
greater than the Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Price from the Closing Price, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(ii) 
Quanto Call Warrant: If "Quanto Call Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the 
Closing Price is greater than the Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to the product of:  
(x) 
the Underlying Amount;

--- Page 93 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 93 -
70-41081773 
 
(y) 
the result obtained by subtracting:  
(A) 
100% from; 
(B) 
the percentage obtained by dividing the Closing Price by the Strike Price; and 
(z) 
the Multiplier. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(iii) 
Put Warrant: If "Put Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the Closing Price is 
lower than the Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Strike Price, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(i) 
Quanto Put Warrant: If "Quanto Put Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the 
Closing Price is lower than the Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to the product of: 
(x) 
the Underlying Amount; 
(y) 
the result obtained by subtracting from 100%, the percentage obtained by dividing the 
Closing Price by the Strike Price; and 
(z)          the Multiplier. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(ii) 
Long Market Warrant: if "Long Market Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if 
the Basket Return is positive, the Settlement Amount will be the amount obtained by multiplying 
the Underlying Amount by: 
(x) 
the Basket Return, and 
(y) 
the Multiplier, the Participation Rate and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If the Basket Return is not positive, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket, provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Basket Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the total of the Weighted 
Asset Return for each Basket Component. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing (i) the Closing Price for each Basket 
Component (ii) by its Initial Price, minus the Strike Level. 
The "Lowest Basket Return" means the level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Short Market Warrant: if "Short Market Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if 
the Basket Return is positive, the Settlement Amount will be the amount obtained by multiplying 
the Underlying Amount by: 
(x) 
the Basket Return, and 
(y) 
the Multiplier, the Participation Rate and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If the Basket Return is not positive, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 94 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 94 -
70-41081773 
 
the Basket Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the total of the Weighted 
Asset Return for each Basket Component. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the amount obtained 
by dividing the Closing Price for each Basket Component by its Initial Price. 
The "Lowest Basket Return" means the level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Turbo Call Warrant: if "Turbo Call Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if an 
Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is greater than the Strike Price, the 
Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Price from the Closing Price, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(v) 
Turbo Put Warrant: if "Turbo Put Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if an Early 
Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is lower than the Strike Price, the Settlement 
Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Strike Price, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Mini Future Long or Unlimited Turbo Long: if "Mini Future Long" or "Unlimited Turbo Long", 
respectively, is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has not occurred 
and the Closing Price is greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Closing Price, multiplied 
by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the Financing Level, 
the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Unlimited Turbo Long, the Settlement Amount will be equal to zero; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Long, and where the Closing Price is greater than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Closing Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Long, and where the Closing Price is not greater than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero.

--- Page 95 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 95 -
70-41081773 
 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(i), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Stop Loss event may occur during non-business hours. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, if "FX Underlying" is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated Financing" means, on any Financing 
Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately preceding Financing Level 
Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Base Rate Margin; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to and 
excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date. 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the 
immediately preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the sum of the Reference Interest Rate and the Base Rate Margin; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of 
a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to and 
excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date. 
The "Reference Interest Rate" will be the result obtained by subtracting Base Rate 1 from Base 
Rate 2 on the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date, as determined at such time and in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent may in its sole discretion determine. 
(vii) 
Mini Future Short or Unlimited Turbo Short: if "Mini Future Short" or "Unlimited Turbo Short", 
respectively is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has not occurred 
and the Closing Price is lower than the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Financing Level, multiplied 
by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the Financing Level, 
the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Unlimited Turbo Short, the Settlement Amount will be equal to zero; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Short, and where the Closing Price is lower than the Financing 
Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Financing Level, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Short, and where the Closing Price is not lower than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(i), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Stop Loss event may occur during non-business hours. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, if "FX Underlying" is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms the "Accumulated Financing" means, on any Financing 
Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately preceding Financing Level 
Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by the product of:

--- Page 96 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 96 -
70-41081773 
 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin from 
(B) 
the Base Rate; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to and 
excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date determined in accordance with 
the relevant Day Calculation Method. 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the 
immediately preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin from 
(B) 
the Reference Interest Rate; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to and 
excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date. 
The "Reference Interest Rate" will be the result obtained by subtracting Base Rate 1 from Base 
Rate 2 on the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date, as determined at such time and in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent may in its sole discretion determine. 
(viii) 
Bull Certificates: if "Bull Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement 
Amount will be either: 
(x) 
the Accumulated Value on the Expiration Date, as determined by the Issuer or, 
(y) 
if an Early Expiration Event has occurred, zero. 
The "Accumulated Value" will be an amount in the relevant Currency calculated on each 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day falling on or after the 
Business Day next following the Commencement Date, up to and including the Expiration Date (the 
"Accumulated Value Calculation Period"). The Accumulated Value on any Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day will be equal to: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case 
of the first Accumulated Value Calculation during the Accumulated Value 
Calculation Period, the Initial Accumulated Value; 
(B) 
the Accumulated Value Change; and 
(C) 
the Accumulated Financing, 
multiplied by, if the Listing Currency differs from the Reference Currency, 
(ii) 
the result of dividing the Translation Rate on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day by the Translation Rate on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day or, in the case of the first Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, the Initial Translation 
Rate. 
The "Accumulated Value Change" will be determined by the Issuer and will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case of the first

--- Page 97 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 97 -
70-41081773 
 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, 
the Initial Accumulated Value, multiplied by, 
(ii) 
the Leverage Factor, and 
(iii) 
the Reference Price Differential. 
The "Reference Price Differential" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, less the 
Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which 
is not a Disrupted Trading Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Price used to determine the Reference Price Differential on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be (unless otherwise specified under "Commencement 
Date" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms) the Reference Price on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Commencement Date and the Reference Price on the Commencement 
Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the 
Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and 
each of the Reference Price and Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) 
(Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the Accumulated Value on the 
immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by: 
(i) 
the result obtained by: 
(A) 
subtracting the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from the product 
of Base Rate 1 and the result obtained by subtracting the Leverage Factor from 1 
(provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not applicable to the Accumulated 
Financing, it will be deemed to be zero); and 
(B) 
adding the product of the Leverage Factor, Base Rate 2 and the Reference Price 
Delta to the result of (A); and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to 
and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day.   
The "Reference Price Delta" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Delta on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be (unless otherwise specified under "Commencement 
Date" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms) the Reference Price on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Commencement Date and the Reference Price on the Commencement 
Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the 
Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and 
each of the Reference Price and the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the Accumulated Value on the

--- Page 98 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 98 -
70-41081773 
 
immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from 
(B) 
the product of the Base Rate and the result obtained by subtracting the Leverage 
Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not applicable to the 
Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero), and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to 
and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day. 
(ix) 
Bear Certificates: if "Bear Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement 
Amount will be either: 
(x) 
the Accumulated Value on the Expiration Date, as determined by the Issuer or, 
(y) 
if an Early Expiration Event has occurred, zero. 
The "Accumulated Value" will be an amount in the relevant Currency calculated on each 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day falling on or after the 
Business Day next following the Commencement Date, up to and including the Expiration Date (the 
"Accumulated Value Calculation Period"). The Accumulated Value on any Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day will be equal to: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case 
of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value 
Calculation Period, the Initial Accumulated Value; 
(B) 
the Accumulated Value Change; and 
(C) 
the Accumulated Financing, 
multiplied by, if the Listing Currency differs from the Reference Currency, 
(ii) 
the result of dividing the Translation Rate on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day by the Translation Rate on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day or, in the case of the first Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, the Initial Translation 
Rate. 
The "Accumulated Value Change" will be determined by the Issuer and will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case of the first 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, 
the Initial Accumulated Value, multiplied by, 
(ii) 
the Leverage Factor (which may be negative), and 
(iii) 
the Reference Price Differential. 
The "Reference Price Differential" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, less the 
Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which 
is not a Disrupted Trading Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day.

--- Page 99 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 99 -
70-41081773 
 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Differential on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be (unless otherwise specified under "Commencement 
Date" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms) the Reference Price on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Commencement Date and the Reference Price on the Commencement 
Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the 
Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and 
each of the Reference Price and Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) 
(Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the Accumulated Value on the 
immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
The product of Base Rate Margin, Reference price Delta and minus 1  
(B) 
The product of Administration Fee and minus 1                    
(C) 
Product of Base Rate 1 and the result obtained by subtracting the Leverage Factor 
from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not applicable to the Accumulated 
Financing, it will be deemed to be zero) 
(D) 
The product of Leverage Factor, Base Rate 2 and the Reference Price Delta, and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to 
and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day.  
The "Reference Price Delta" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Delta on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be (unless otherwise specified under "Commencement 
Date" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms) the Reference Price on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Commencement Date and the Reference Price on the Commencement 
Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the 
Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final 
Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and 
each of the Reference Price and the Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the "Accumulated 
Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the Accumulated Value on the 
immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from 
(B) 
the product of the Base Rate and the result obtained by subtracting the Leverage 
Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not applicable to the 
Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero), and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to 
and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day. 
(x) 
Max Certificate: If the Closing Price is greater than the Max Level, the Settlement Amount will be 
equal to the Multiplier, multiplied by the Max Level and multiplied by the Translation Rate, if

--- Page 100 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 100 -
70-41081773 
 
applicable. If the Closing Price is not greater than the Max Level, the Settlement Amount will be 
equal to the Multiplier multiplied by the Closing Price and multiplied by the Translation Rate, if 
applicable. 
(xi) 
Mini Future Basket Long: if "Mini Future Basket Long" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then if a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Basket Value is greater than the Financing Level, 
the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(A) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Basket Value, multiplied 
by 
(B) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Basket Value is not greater than the Financing Level, 
the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(A) 
where the Basket Value is greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will 
be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Basket Value, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(B) 
where the Basket Value is not greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount 
will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Basket Value may be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, the "Accumulated Financing" means, on any 
Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately preceding Financing 
Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Base Rate Margin; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the basis of a 
Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day to and 
excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation Date. 
(xii) 
Bond Tracker Certificate: If "Bond Tracker Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Settlement Amount per Instrument shall be the Reference Bond Price multiplied by the Reference 
Bond Principal Amount, the Settlement Amount Multiplier and (if applicable) the Reference Bond 
Exchange Rate (Settlement Amount). In each case, the Settlement Amount shall be net of (i) all 
taxes including withholding taxes (if any), duties, fees, expenses, charges or commissions which 
would be payable by such a hypothetical holder of the Reference Bond, and (ii) an amount per 
Instrument which is the product (determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) of the Reference 
Bond Principal Amount, the Settlement Amount Multiplier and the Accumulated Decremental Rate 
on the Business Day preceding the relevant Settlement Date. If a Reference Bond Credit Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) postpone the Settlement Date to such later date as it 
may determine in its sole discretion by providing a notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices).  
"Accumulated Decremental Rate" means, in respect of any Business Day ("Business Dayi") the 
sum (determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) of:   
(A)  the Accumulated Decremental Rate on the Business Day preceding Business Dayi; provided, 
that (i) the Accumulated Decremental Rate on the Issue Date (the "Initial Accumulated 
Decremental Rate") shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) the 
Accumulated Decremental Rate prior to the Issue Date shall be zero; and 
(B)  
the product of (i) the sum of the Base Rate (if any) and the Base Rate Margin (if any); and (ii) 
the number of calendar days from (and including) the Business Day preceding Business Dayi 
to (but excluding) Business Dayi divided by 365.

--- Page 101 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 101 -
70-41081773 
 
(b) 
Application for Redemption 
If "Application for Redemption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the holder of the 
Instruments may require the Issuer to redeem the Instruments on any Redemption Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In order to be effective, the Holder's application for redemption must be received by the 
Issuer by no later than the Number of Redemption Business Days prior to the relevant Redemption Date. Not 
later than 10 Business Days after the relevant Redemption Date or, in the case of Registered Instruments, on 
the Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay the Holder an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Price less 
any applicable Redemption Fee. The Redemption Price will be calculated in the same manner as the 
Settlement Amount, save that the Closing Price Determination Date will be the date falling the Number of 
Redemption Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 
(c) 
Expiration Event upon Material Price Movement 
If "Material Price Movement" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, where, in the Issuer's opinion, the value 
of an Underlying Asset has at any time during the term of the Instrument declined by an amount equal to or 
greater than the Material Price Percentage on a single individual trading day, such a day shall be an Expiration 
Date. 
(d) 
Early Expiration Event 
If this Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if 
an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the Instruments early and 
determine the Closing Price. Except in the case of a basket of Underlying Assets, the Closing Price will not 
be lower than the lowest (in respect of Call Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo 
Call Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) or higher than the highest (in 
respect of Put Warrants,  Quanto Put Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants Unlimited Turbos 
Short or Bear Certificates) price for the relevant Underlying Asset(s) listed on a Reference Source which can 
be determined during the Number of Trading Hours which follow immediately after such Early Expiration 
Event has occurred. 
In the event that fewer than the Number of Trading Hours remains until the official closing of the Reference 
Source on the day an Early Expiration Event occurs and/or a Market Disruption occurs, the period for 
calculation of the Closing Price shall continue on the next Scheduled Trading Day (which is not a Disrupted 
Trading Day), until the Number of Trading Hours after the Early Expiration Event have been observed by the 
Issuer. 
If, after an Early Expiration Event has occurred, there is no Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted 
Trading Day and/or if a Market Disruption continues for more than five calendar days after an Early 
Expiration Event, the Issuer shall determine the Closing Price in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In any such case, the Issuer may adjust the Settlement Date as it considers appropriate in order to reflect the 
occurrence of the Early Expiration Event, and (if applicable), any delay in determining the Closing Price. 
(e) 
Purchase of Instruments 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Such Instruments may be cancelled, retained, re-sold or otherwise disposed of. 
(f) 
Procedure for Payment upon Settlement or Redemption 
Any redemption of the VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments or Finnish Instruments 
pursuant to this Condition 6 (Settlement) shall be in accordance with, in the case of VP Instruments, the VP 
Rules, in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS Rules, in the case of Swedish Instruments, the Euroclear 
Sweden Rules and in the case of Finnish Instruments, the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(g) 
Costs and Expenses 
The holder of the Instruments shall pay any and all costs, fees and taxes that may become payable in 
connection with transfers, holding or automatic redemption of Instruments. 
(h) 
Expiration Date for Open Ended Instruments 
Where the Final Terms states that the relevant Instrument is open-ended or otherwise lacks a predetermined 
Expiration Date, or where "Expiration Date Determination" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer may determine an Expiration Date not earlier than one (1) week after the Issue Date. Such date may 
occur not earlier than the Number of Expiration Date Business Days after notice regarding determination of 
an Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 102 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 102 -
70-41081773 
 
(i) 
Stop Loss Event 
If this Condition 6(i) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the Instruments early and determine the Closing Price or other 
Reference Price (as applicable). Except in the case of a basket of Underlying Assets, the Closing Price or 
Reference Price will not be lower than the lowest (in respect of Call Warrants, Quanto Call Warrants, Long 
Market Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) or 
higher than the highest, (in respect of Put Warrants, Quanto Put Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put 
Warrants, Mini Futures Short, Unlimited Turbos Short or Bear Certificates) price for the relevant Underlying 
Asset(s) listed on a Reference Source which can be determined during the Number of Trading Hours which 
follow immediately after such Stop Loss Event has occurred. 
In the event that fewer than the Number of Trading Hours remains until the official closing of the Reference 
Source on the day a Stop Loss Event occurs, and/or a Market Disruption occurs, the period for calculation of 
the Closing Price or Reference Price shall continue on the next Scheduled Trading Day (which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day), until the Number of Trading Hours after the Stop Loss Event have been observed by 
the Issuer. 
If, after a Stop Loss Event has occurred, there is no Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Trading 
Day and/or if a Market Disruption continues for more than five calendar days after a Stop Loss Event, the 
Issuer shall determine the Closing Price or Reference Price in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In any such case, the Issuer may adjust the Settlement Date as it considers appropriate in order to reflect the 
occurrence of the Stop Loss Event, and (if applicable), any delay in determining the Closing Price or 
Reference Price. 
(j) 
Nordnet Termination Event 
If this Condition 6(j) (Nordnet Termination Event) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
if a Nordnet Termination Event has occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the Instruments early and 
determine the Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Expiration Date for Open Ended 
Instruments). 
(k) 
Bond Tracker Certificate – Early Settlement Date 
If "Bond Tracker Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a Reference Bond Call Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) amend the Settlement Date to such date as it may determine 
in its sole discretion by providing a notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
7. 
Taxation 
An Instrumentholder subscribing for, purchasing or exercising an Instrument shall pay all securities transfer 
taxes, duties and any other charges, if any, payable in connection with the subscription, purchase or exercise 
of such Instrument and the delivery of the Settlement Amount as a result of such exercise. The Issuer shall 
have the right, but not the duty (unless required by law), to withhold or deduct from any amounts otherwise 
payable to an Instrumentholder such amount as is necessary for the payment of any such taxes, duties or any 
other charges or for effecting reimbursement in accordance with the next sentence. The Issuer shall not be 
liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result 
of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Instrument. The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold and deduct 
for or on account of any taxes imposed pursuant to sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, on any amount payable in 
respect of the Instruments and shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such taxes. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments — Registered Instruments 
(i) 
This Condition 8(a) (Payments – Registered Instruments) is applicable in relation to Registered 
Instruments. 
(ii) 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the settlement or redemption of Registered 
Instruments will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason 
of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments as the specified office of 
the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final settlement or redemption amount of Registered 
Instruments is not a Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until 
the next following such Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay 
save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions.

--- Page 103 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 103 -
70-41081773 
 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts due (other than in respect of the final settlement or redemption of Registered 
Instruments) in respect of Registered Instruments will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the Registrar as at opening of 
business (London time) on the fifteenth London Banking Day before the due date for such payment 
(the "Record Date"). 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(g)(ii) (Default Interest), payments of interest or yield 
due (other than in respect of the final settlement or redemption of Registered Instruments) in respect 
of Registered Instruments will be made by a cheque drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and posted to the address (as recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder 
thereof, (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the relevant date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has 
acknowledged such applications for payment to be made to a designated account (in the case 
aforesaid, a non-resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(b) 
Payments — VP Instruments 
Payments in respect of the VP Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing registered in the register 
kept by VP as such on the third business day (as defined by the then applicable VP Rules) before the due date 
for such payment, such day being a Danish Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due 
date as then may be stipulated in VP Rules and will be made in accordance with said VP Rules. Such day 
shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the VP Instruments in accordance with the VP Rules. 
(c) 
Payments — VPS Instruments 
Payments in respect of the VPS Instruments shall be made to the Holders registered in the VPS System as 
defined by the applicable VPS Rule) as shown in the relevant records of Euronext VPS before the due date 
for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the 
VPS Rules and will be made in accordance with said VPS Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in 
respect of the VPS Instruments in accordance with the VPS Rules. As of the date of this Prospectus the default 
Euronext VPS record date for the Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount is two business days prior to the 
relevant payment date. Record dates for interest or yield payments are two business days prior to the relevant 
payment day. 
(d) 
Payments — Swedish Instruments 
Payments in respect of the Swedish Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing registered in the 
register kept by Euroclear Sweden as such on the fourth business day (as defined by the then applicable 
Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day being a Stockholm Business Day, 
or such date as then may be stipulated in Euroclear Sweden Rules and will be made in accordance with said 
Euroclear Sweden Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Swedish Instruments in 
accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
(e) 
Payments — Finnish Instruments 
Payments in respect of the Finnish Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing registered in the 
register kept by Euroclear Finland as such on the record date for such payment determined in accordance with 
Euroclear Finland's Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Finnish Instruments in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(f) 
Payments — General Provisions 
(i) 
Payments of amounts due in respect of Instruments denominated in a currency other than euro will 
be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an account maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the relevant financial centre and in respect of an Instrument denominated in euro by cheque drawn 
on, or by transfer to, an euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of any member 
state of the European Union. Payments will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations. 
(ii) 
In the event that the applicable Clearing System is prevented from making any payment in 
accordance with the above provisions due to a delay in performance by the Issuer or for any other 
reason, the applicable Clearing System will make such payment to each person that is registered as 
a Holder on the relevant Record Date as soon as payment is received from the Issuer or the reason 
for delay has ceased. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is prevented from making payments to the Holders through the applicable Clearing 
System because the applicable Clearing System is affected by an event or circumstance set out in

--- Page 104 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 104 -
70-41081773 
 
the first paragraph of Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.), then the Issuer shall be entitled to 
defer payment until such time as the event or circumstance affecting the applicable Clearing System 
has ceased. 
(iv) 
If a person or entity to whom payment was made in accordance with the above provisions was not 
entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and the applicable Clearing System shall nevertheless 
be deemed to have discharged their respective payment obligations, unless the Issuer or the 
applicable Clearing System had knowledge that payment was made to a person or entity that was 
not entitled to receive the payment or if the Issuer or the applicable Clearing System did not act with 
due care. 
(v) 
All payments in respect of the Instruments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment. In the event that the Issuer (or any agent acting on its 
behalf) is prohibited from making any payment on account of any applicable law or regulation, the 
Issuer shall have no liability to Instrumentholders in respect of any delay or failure in making such 
payment to holders. 
(g) 
Default Interest 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, in the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be 
payable on the due and unpaid amount from its due date up to and including the day on which 
payment is made at an interest rate equal to the Base Rate (as specified in the Final Terms) for a 
period of one week, plus two per cent. The Base Rate shall thereupon be determined by the Issuer 
on the first Business Day of each calendar week during the period of default. Notwithstanding the 
aforesaid, the default interest rate on interest bearing Instruments shall not (except in circumstances 
set out in paragraph (ii) below) be lower than the rate which applied to the relevant Instruments on 
the relevant due date plus two per cent. Default interest shall not be capitalised. 
(ii) 
If any default in payment under the Instruments is due to any event or circumstance affecting the 
Issuer or the relevant Clearing System as referred to in the first paragraph of Condition 25 
(Limitation of liability etc.) the default interest rate shall, with respect to interest bearing Instruments, 
not exceed the Interest Rate which applied to the relevant Instruments on the relevant due date 
(without the addition of two per cent in accordance with the preceding paragraph) and, with respect 
to non-interest bearing on non-yield bearing Instruments, no default interest shall accrue or be 
payable. 
9. 
Special Terms and Market Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Market Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, except in respect of Instruments for which the 
Underlying Assets or yield or financing components consist solely of commodities, currencies or funds, or a 
combination of the above, unless "Market Disruption" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Market Disruption with respect to an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component exists where, in the 
Issuer's opinion, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation of official closing prices for an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or 
a significant part of the underlying assets or yield or financing components does not exist, is 
unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
where appropriate, a compilation and/ or publication of the value of an Underlying Asset or yield or 
financing component ceases or is temporarily suspended; 
(iii) 
any Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market is not open for trading during its normal trading 
hours or it closes for trading before the ordinary closing time; 
(iv) 
trading in an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or a significant part of the underlying 
assets included in an Underlying Asset or options or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, 
which is/are traded on a Reference Source ceases, is suspended or significantly restricted; 
(v) 
the possibilities for parties on the market to carry out trades in or obtain the market value for an 
Underlying Asset or a significant portion of the underlying assets included in an Underlying Asset 
or yield or financing component or options or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, which 
is/are traded on a Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market ceases, is discontinued, or 
significantly deteriorates due to any other event; or 
(vi) 
with respect solely to instruments whose Underlying Asset is/are entirely comprised of funds or fund 
units, the valuation on a Valuation Date for Underlying Assets comprised of a fund or fund unit,

--- Page 105 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 105 -
70-41081773 
 
does not take place or full payment for cash settlement with respect to such Underlying Asset does 
not take place on an exercise day for the relevant fund. 
A limitation on the number of hours or days when trading occurs shall not be deemed to constitute a Market 
Disruption where the restriction is due to a published change in the normal trading hours for the Relevant 
Reference Source and/or Related Derivatives Market. 
A restriction in trading which is introduced during the course of a day due to changes in prices which exceed 
permitted levels pursuant to the relevant Reference Source and/or Related Derivatives Market shall be deemed 
to constitute a Market Disruption. 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a Market Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date or Observation 
Date, such Valuation Date or Observation Date shall, with respect to determination of the relevant value or 
observation, be adjusted in accordance with the Exchange Business Day Convention (for each Affected 
Underlying Asset on which Market Disruption does not exist); however, where Market Disruption exists on 
the eight Scheduled Trading Days (for each Affected Underlying Asset) that follow immediately after the 
original Valuation Date or Observation Date or another relevant day as stated in the Final Terms, such eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected Underlying Asset, respectively) shall be deemed the relevant 
Valuation Date or Observation Date or other relevant day, notwithstanding the existence of Market 
Disruption, and the Issuer shall thereupon determine the value for the relevant Valuation Date or Observation 
Date which is to be applied upon calculation of the Settlement Amount or in conjunction with another 
calculation in accordance with these Conditions. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Market Disruption. 
(b) 
Commodity Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets consist of 
one or several commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or one or more commodity 
index, unless "Commodity Disruption" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Commodity Disruption regarding any commodity which (directly or indirectly, in the Issuer's opinion) 
constitutes an Underlying Asset exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of official closing prices for an Underlying 
Asset or the underlying assets included in the Underlying Asset does not exist, unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of the value of an Underlying Asset or the 
value of the underlying assets included in the Underlying Asset does not exist, is unavailable or 
ceases; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reference Source is not open for trading during its normal trading hours; 
(iv) 
trading in an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in an Underlying Asset or options 
or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, which is/are traded on a Reference Source ceases, 
is suspended or significantly restricted; 
(v) 
the possibilities for parties on the market to carry out trades in or obtain the market value for an 
Underlying Asset or a significant portion of the underlying assets included in an Underlying Asset 
or options or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, which is/are traded on a Reference 
Source ceases, is discontinued or significantly deteriorates due to any other event; 
(vi) 
the manner of calculating an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in the Underlying 
Asset or the value thereof changes significantly; 
(vii) 
the content, compilation or structure of an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in an 
Underlying Asset or relevant options or futures contract changes significantly; or 
(viii) 
the introduction, change or repeal of tax provisions with respect to an Underlying Asset or tax 
provisions regarding tax calculated by way of reference to the underlying assets included in an 
Underlying Asset (however, not tax on, or which is calculated by reference to, gross or net income) 
after the Issue Date, as a consequence of which the Closing Price on any relevant date changes as 
compared to what it would have been had the tax provisions not been introduced, changed or 
repealed. 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a Commodity Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, such Valuation Date or Observation Date shall, with respect to determination of the relevant 
value or observation, be adjusted in accordance with the Exchange Business Day Convention (for each

--- Page 106 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 106 -
70-41081773 
 
Affected Underlying Asset and/or Basket Component, respectively) on which Commodity Disruption does 
not exist; however, where Commodity Disruption exists on the eight Scheduled Trading Days (for each 
Affected Underlying Asset) that follow immediately after the original Valuation Date or Observation Date or 
another relevant day as stated in the Final Terms, such eighth Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected 
Underlying Asset, respectively) shall be deemed the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date or other 
relevant day, notwithstanding the existence of Commodity Disruption, and the Issuer shall thereupon 
determine the value of the Valuation Date or Observation Date which is to be applied upon calculation of the 
Settlement Amount or in conjunction with another calculation in accordance with these Conditions. 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible, or would not provide a fair result, to determine or replace the 
value of the Affected Underlying Asset at the time of such Commodity Disruption, the Issuer may perform 
an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount and determine 
the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has determined the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount, the Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding 
the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on 
the Settlement Amount (which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall 
be paid on the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Commodity Disruption. 
(c) 
Currency Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets or yield or 
financing components consist of one or more currencies, including where a Translation Rate is applicable, 
unless "Currency Disruption" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Disruption regarding an exchange rate (including exchange rates which, directly or indirectly, in the Issuer's 
assessment constitutes an Underlying Asset) exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any of the following events 
occurs: 
(i) 
if spot or futures prices are not available for the exchange rate or the underlying assets included in 
the exchange rate or if the Issuer determines (in its sole discretion) that such spot or futures prices 
are based on insufficient liquidity; 
(ii) 
calculation or publication of any closing price/exchange rate/currency price on a specified reference 
source for an exchange rate or the underlying assets included in the exchange rate does not exist, is 
unavailable or ceases to be published on the specified reference source; 
(iii) 
a material price deviation occurs between the price of various currencies, exchange rates and/or 
currency prices; 
(iv) 
a quotation of spot and/or futures prices cannot be obtained on a stated Minimum Amount in one or 
a reasonable number of currency transactions which together amount to a predetermined minimum 
sum; or 
(v) 
the introduction of any currency exchange regulations or currency exchange restrictions which affect 
the ability to exchange a currency which constitutes an exchange rate into another currency and/or 
to transfer the relevant currency from the relevant jurisdiction. 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, Currency Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, the Issuer shall determine the relevant value based on all available information which the 
Issuer believes to be relevant in conjunction with calculation of the Settlement Amount, yield or any other 
relevant value. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Currency Disruption. 
(d) 
Fund Event 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets consist of 
one or many funds or fund entities, unless "Fund Event" is specified as not being applicable in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 107 -
70-41081773 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to determine and assess that a Fund Event exists where any of the following events 
occur after the Issue Date: 
(i) 
the Net Asset Value ("NAV") with respect to the Fund is not calculated and published for the Fund 
on the same day and in the same manner as stated in the Fund rules and in the terms and conditions 
governing the activities of the Fund and the Management Company; 
(ii) 
any change is made in the characteristics of the Fund or the fund units which, in the Issuer's opinion, 
may detrimentally affect the value of the fund units; 
(iii) 
the Fund or the Management Company (wholly or in part) does not consent to subscription for, or 
redemption of, fund units in respect of the Fund on a day when, in accordance with the Fund rules 
and the terms and conditions governing the activities of the Fund, such subscription and redemption 
shall be possible; 
(iv) 
the funds paid out by the Fund as a consequence of a request for redemption do not consist of cash; 
(v) 
the Fund or Management Company introduces restrictions or new, changed fees in respect of 
subscription for, or redemption of, fund units, or any tax or charge is introduced following the Issue 
Date in connection with subscription for, or redemption of, fund units; 
(vi) 
a material change occurs in the underlying assets in the Fund, including expropriation or similar 
events, as a consequence of which the assets are transferred to, or taken over by, a public authority 
or similar body or organisation, which has a negative impact on the value of the fund units; 
(vii) 
the Fund or Management Company becomes insolvent, proceedings are commenced for the Fund or 
the Management Company to be placed into bankruptcy, the Fund or the Management Company 
decides upon, or is placed into, liquidation, commences company reorganisation proceedings, 
commences composition proceedings, or is the subject of any similar event; 
(viii) 
the Fund or the Management Company are merged or become the object of a sale, in whole or in 
part; 
(ix) 
the Fund violates the provisions governing the Fund's operations, including its investment guidelines 
and the Fund's statutes; 
(x) 
the Fund or the Management Company carries out changes in the provisions in respect of the Fund 
or the activities of the Fund, such as changes in the Fund's risk profile, changes in the voting rights 
of fund units, changes in the investment guidelines for the Fund, changes in the currency in which 
the fund units are denominated, or such other changes as the Issuer deems material; 
(xi) 
the Fund breaches any agreement by which it is bound or any decision issued by a court of law or 
other public authority; 
(xii) 
a change in any law, ordinance or other regulations (including tax legislation and accounting rules), 
or decision of a public authority, court of law or other body, has a negative impact on the Fund or 
the Management Company or the Issuer's possibilities to invest in, or redeem, Underlying Assets; 
(xiii) 
the Fund, Management Company, administrator, depositary, or board of directors becomes the 
object of an investigation, proceedings, or equivalent by public authorities or any other body relating 
to the violation of relevant legislation or other rules applicable to the Fund, Management Company, 
administrator, depositary, or board of directors, or any permit or authorisation for any of them to 
conduct relevant activities is revoked; 
(xiv) 
the Management Company, administrator, depositary, or board of directors is replaced; 
(xv) 
the Underlying Asset is converted to another fund unit; 
(xvi) 
the Underlying Asset is the subject of compulsory redemption or forced sale; 
(xvii) 
the Fund lacks the possibility to carry out investments; 
(xviii) 
a change occurs with respect to any of the Fund's derivative instruments which detrimentally affects 
the value of its fund units or the Fund's possibility to allow redemption thereof; 
(xix) 
the Fund, Management Company, or administrator of the Fund fail to provide such information 
within such time frame as any of them have undertaken to provide to one or more investors; or 
(xx) 
any event which, in the Issuer's opinion, has a negative impact on the application of the Conditions.

--- Page 108 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 108 -
70-41081773 
 
Where a Fund Event occurs with respect to one or more Funds which constitute an Underlying Asset, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation of the Settlement Amount or any other 
relevant amount and/or the composition of an Underlying Asset, or to replace an Affected Underlying Asset 
with a Replacement Underlying Asset, which the Issuer thereby deems necessary in order to achieve a 
calculation of the relevant amount which reflects, and is based on, the manner in which it was previously 
calculated. 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible or would not provide a fair result to determine or replace the 
value of the Affected Underlying Asset at the time of such Fund Event the Issuer may perform an early 
calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount and determine the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount Where the Issuer has determined the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount, the Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding 
the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on 
the Settlement Amount. The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the 
Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Fund Events. 
(e) 
Specific Early Redemption 
If "Specific Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to 
calculate the Settlement Amount early and redeem Instruments before their scheduled maturity if (in the 
Issuer's sole discretion) the theoretical price is such that it is not possible (not only temporarily) to quote bid 
and ask prices in an appropriate way, for example (without limitation) because the theoretical price of such 
Instruments is too low in relation to the lowest so called "tick-size" and that the difference between the ask 
and bid price may therefore become too high in relation to the theoretical price of the Instruments. 
Upon a Specific Early Redemption, the Settlement Amount shall be calculated as of the Specific Early 
Redemption Date on the basis that the Specific Early Redemption Date shall be treated as the Closing Price 
Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holder of Instruments of the Specific Early Redemption no later than 10 Business 
Days before the Specific Early Redemption Date in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
Unless the Holder of Instruments has notified the Issuer in writing in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
no later than 3 Business Days before the Specific Early Redemption Date that the Holder of Instruments 
refuses to accept a Settlement Amount in the form of Instruments, the Issuer has a right in relation to a Specific 
Early Redemption to pay the Settlement Amount in the form of Instruments that bear substantially similar 
terms to those of the Instruments subject to the Specific Early Redemption, except for the ISIN, Strike Price 
and such other conditions as the Issuer may reasonably determine, together with a cash amount for any surplus 
amount (if any) that cannot be settled in the form of Instruments. 
If the Holder of Instruments has refused to accept the Settlement Amount in form of new Instrument in 
accordance with the above, the Settlement Amount for Instruments that have been subject to Specific Early 
Redemption shall be paid in cash. 
(f) 
Adjustments 
The Issuer may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether or not at any time a Potential 
Adjustment Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine, whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Asset(s) and, if so, may make such adjustment(s) as it in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate, if any, to the notional number of Underlying 
Asset(s) to which each Instrument relates and to any other level, price or value, or any exercise, settlement, 
payment, multiplier or any other term of the relevant Instruments and determine the effective date(s) of such 
adjustment(s). In its determinations of the existence of any Potential Adjustment Event and extent of any 
diluting or concentrative effect a Potential Adjustment Event has on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Underlying Asset(s), and any related adjustments to the terms of each Instrument, the Issuer shall take into 
account all such factors as it deems necessary, including, without limitation, the implication of taxes that may 
be imposed by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such Underlying Asset(s). 
(g) 
Interest Rate Fallbacks 
In circumstances other than where the Issuer either: (i) determines that a Benchmark Event and/or Benchmark 
Transition Event has occurred; or (ii) considers that there may be a Successor Rate, where the Underlying 
Asset is an interest rate or yield, and unless "Rate Option Fallback" is specified not to apply in the relevant 
Final Terms, then if the relevant interest rate does not appear on the applicable price source specified in the 
Final Terms on any relevant date, and at the relevant time, required by the Conditions, the Issuer shall

--- Page 109 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 109 -
70-41081773 
 
determine the interest rate for the applicable date and time in accordance with the fallback provisions relating 
to the relevant Rate Option and the relevant calculation methodology (as selected by the Issuer acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion) in accordance with the applicable Rate Option Definitions, as specified in the 
Final Terms. If, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that 
such interest rate is not a reasonable replacement, then it shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine 
the relevant fallback rate, taking into account all available information that, in good faith, it deems relevant. 
(h) 
Benchmark Cessation 
These provisions shall not apply to Instruments linked to SOFR or CORRA. If the Issuer determines that 
either (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred or (ii) considers (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that there is a Successor Rate, in either case in respect of the relevant Base Rate, Reference 
Rate or other interest rate or benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms (each an "Affected Reference 
Rate"), then the Issuer may elect to apply the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the "Alternative 
Benchmark Rate") and an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page") and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) for purposes of determining future 
payments in respect of the Instruments. If the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Rate in 
circumstances where a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the original Affected Reference Rate 
will to continue to be used for the purposes of determining future payments in respect of the 
Instruments; 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Issuer acting in good faith considers has 
replaced the relevant original Affected Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage 
or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer acting in good faith agree considers to be the 
most comparable alternative to the original Affected Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the relevant 
screen page or price course in relation to the Instruments for all future payments and determinations 
in respect of the Instruments (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9(h) (Benchmark 
Cessation)); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Interest Amount(s), Yield Amount(s) or other payment(s) in respect of the Instruments 
(or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date 
and/or other terms applicable to the Instruments, and the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Instruments, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the 
Instruments for all future payments and determinations in respect of the Instruments (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation) if a further Benchmark Event 
occurs); 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice 
thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Instrument holders; and 
(vii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Issuer determines that there is no appropriate Successor 
Rate or alternative rate, the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or 
the Yield Amount or Interest Amount and determine the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield 
Amount or Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the 
Yield Amount or Interest Amount, the Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding the Settlement 
Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on the 
Settlement Amount (which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) 
shall be paid on the Settlement Date.

--- Page 110 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 110 -
70-41081773 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connections with a Benchmark Event. 
(i) 
Benchmark Cessation – SOFR  
In respect of Instruments linked to SOFR, if the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Instruments in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 9(i) 
(Benchmark Cessation – SOFR), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Instruments, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Instruments or any other party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 9(i) (Benchmark Cessation - SOFR): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if the Issuer 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in 
the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted Interest Rate as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate instruments 
at such time; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate instruments at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for

--- Page 111 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 111 -
70-41081773 
 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the 
then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the Corresponding 
Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the longest period (for which the 
Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor; and (B) the Benchmark for the shortest 
period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2021 ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2021 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (iii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, 
the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 112 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 112 -
70-41081773 
 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 9(i) (Benchmark Cessation - SOFR) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.   
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 9(i) (Benchmark Cessation – SOFR); 
and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connections with a Benchmark Event. 
(j) 
Benchmark Cessation – CORRA 
(i) 
In respect of Instruments linked to CORRA, if CORRA is not published on the BoC Website on a 
relevant CORRA Banking Day and a CORRA Index Cessation Event and a CORRA Index Cessation 
Effective Date have both occurred on such CORRA Banking Day (such event, the "CORRA 
Benchmark Event") as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion, then, in respect of such 
CORRA Banking Day and (subject to the further operation of this Condition 9(j) (Benchmark 
Cessation - CORRA), if applicable) each CORRA Banking Day thereafter, CORRA will be replaced 
with:  
(x)  
if there is a Recommended CAD Replacement Rate within one CORRA Banking Day of 
the CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), the Recommended CAD Replacement Rate for such CORRA Banking Day, 
giving effect to the Recommended CAD Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such 
Business Day; or 
(y)  
if there is no Recommended CAD Replacement Rate within one CORRA Banking Day of 
the CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), the target rate of the BoC (the "BoC Target Rate") for such CORRA Banking 
Day, giving effect to the BoC Target Rate Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the BoC Target Rate for any CORRA Banking Day with respect to 
which CORRA is to be determined pursuant to paragraph (i)(y) above has not been published on 
such CORRA Banking Day, then in respect of such CORRA Banking Day (the "CAD Affected 
Business Day") and each CORRA Banking Day thereafter, CORRA will be replaced by the 
Replacement CAD Rate (as defined below), if any, determined in accordance with Condition 9(j)(iii) 
for purposes of determining the relevant rate in respect of the relevant Instruments. 
(ii) 
If (A) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is required to use a Recommended CAD Replacement 
Rate or the BoC Target Rate pursuant to paragraphs (i)(x) or (i)(y) above for purposes of determining 
CORRA for any CORRA Banking Day, and (B) the Issuer determines that any changes to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date, CORRA, BoC or BoC Website and/or other terms applicable to the 
Instruments are necessary in order to use such Recommended CAD Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended CAD Adjustment Spread) or the BoC Target Rate (and any BoC Adjustment Spread), 
as the case may be, for such purposes, such definitions will be amended to reflect such changes, and 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent and the relevant Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Holders, specifying the Recommended CAD 
Replacement Rate and any Recommended CAD Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, 
indicating that the BoC Target Rate will be used and specifying any BoC Adjustment Spread, as 
applicable, and the amendments implemented. The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all 
additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer deems necessary in connections with a 
CORRA Benchmark Event, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders. 
(iii) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of paragraph (i) above have been satisfied, then the 
Issuer will determine whether to use an alternative rate to CORRA for the CAD Affected Business 
Day and for all subsequent CORRA Banking Days in the Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) in which the CAD Affected Business Day falls (the "Affected CORRA Period") and

--- Page 113 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 113 -
70-41081773 
 
all Interest Period or Observation Periods (as applicable) thereafter. If the Issuer determines to use 
an alternative rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, it shall select such rate that it has 
determined is most comparable to the CORRA, provided that if it determines that there is an 
appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the CORRA, it shall use such industry-accepted 
successor rate. If the Issuse has determined an alternative rate in accordance with the foregoing (such 
rate, the "Replacement CAD Rate"), for the purposes of determining the relevant rate in respect of 
the relevant Instruments: 
(a)  
the Issuer shall determine (A) the method for obtaining the Replacement CAD Rate 
(including any alternative method for determining the Replacement CAD Rate if such 
alternative rate is unavailable on any relevant date), which method shall be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for the Replacement CAD Rate, and (B) any adjustment factor 
as may be necessary to make the Replacement CAD Rate comparable to the CORRA 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement CAD Rate; 
(b)  
for the CAD Affected Business Day and all subsequent CORRA Days in the Affected 
CORRA Period and all Interest Periods or Observation Periods (as applicable) thereafter, 
references to CORRA in these Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
Replacement CAD Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate and 
any adjustment factor as described in paragraph (a) above; 
(c)  
If the Issuer determines that any changes to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, 
CORRA, BoC or BoC Website and/or other terms applicable to the Instruments are 
necessary in order to implement the Replacement CAD Rate as CORRA, such definitions 
will be amended ato reflect such changes; and 
(d) 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent and the relevant 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Holders, specifying the 
specifying the Replacement CAD Rate and, if applicable, any adjustment factor relating 
thereto, as well as the details described in paragraph (a) above. The Issuer shall be entitled 
to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer deems 
necessary in connections with the use of the Replacement CAD Rate (including any 
amendments contemplated in paragraph (c) above, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Holders. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(j) (Benchmark Cessation – CORRA): 
"BoC Target Rate Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the BoC Target Rate , the spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, 
to be applied to the BoC Target Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Holders 
as a result of the replacement of the CORRA with the BoC Target Rate for purposes of determining 
CORRA, which spread will be determined by the Issuer, taking into account the historical median 
between the CORRA and the BoC Target Rate during the two year period ending on the date on 
which the CORRA Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one CORRA Index Cessation 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
"CORRA Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(i)  
in the case of the occurrence of a CORRA Index Cessation Event described in paragraph 
(i) of the definition thereof, the date on which the BoC ceases to provide the CORRA; 
(ii)  
in the case of the occurrence of a CORRA Index Cessation Event described in paragraph 
(ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
a.  
the date of such statement or publication; 
b.  
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which 
CORRA will no longer be representative; and 
c.  
if a CORRA Index Cessation Event described in paragraph (ii)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
paragraphs a. and b. of this paragraph (ii), the date as of which CORRA may no 
longer be used; and 
(iii)  
in the case of the occurrence of a CORRA Index Cessation Event described in paragraph 
(ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which CORRA may no longer be used.

--- Page 114 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 114 -
70-41081773 
 
"CORRA Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the BoC, or by any 
competent authority, announcing or confirming that the BoC has ceased or will cease to 
provide CORRA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide CORRA; 
or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the BoC or any competent authority 
announcing that (x) CORRA is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no 
longer be representative, or (y) CORRA may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) 
fixed income securities and derivatives. 
"CORRA Recommending Body" means any working group or committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the BoC for the purpose of recommending a replacement for CORRA. 
"Recommended CAD Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Recommended CAD 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology 
for calculating such a spread: 
(i)  
that the CORRA Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended CAD Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect 
to which such Recommended CAD Replacement Rate has replaced CORRA as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii)  
if the CORRA Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in paragraph (i) above, to be applied to such Recommended 
CAD Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Holders as a 
result of the replacement of CORRA with such Recommended CAD Replacement Rate for 
purposes of determining CORRA, which spread will be determined by the Issuer and be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to 
which such Recommended CAD Replacement Rate has replaced CORRA as the reference 
rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon. 
"Recommended CAD Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for CORRA by the CORRA Recommending Body. 
(k) 
Rolling of Futures Contracts 
Where "Rolling of Futures Contracts" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on each Roll Date 
during the term of the Instruments the Issuer may replace an Underlying Asset comprising a futures contract 
(the "Current Futures Contract") for the purposes of calculating the Reference Price, with a new futures 
contract (the "New Futures Contract") that will, once the Current Futures Contract expires, in the Issuer's 
opinion, have the shortest time left to expiration of those cash settled futures contracts of adequate liquidity 
(as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) listed on the Reference Source and relating to the same 
underlying asset as the Current Futures Contract. The Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments to the 
Reference Price and other terms of the Instrument as it considers appropriate in order to preserve the 
theoretical value of the Instruments in connection with such substitution of Underlying Assets, and any fees, 
costs and expenses incurred, or that would be incurred, in connection with amending, terminating or re-
establishing any relevant Hedge Transaction. 
10. 
Changed calculation, correction, etc. 
(a) 
Changed calculation 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, unless "Changed Calculation" is specified as not being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, the compilation, calculation or publication of any Underlying Asset or 
yield or financing component ceases in whole or in part, or the characteristics of any Underlying Asset or 
yield or financing component are changed significantly, the Issuer shall be entitled, upon calculation of the 
Settlement Amount or any other calculation, to replace such Affected Underlying Asset with a comparable 
alternative asset. Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a comparable alternative to such Affected Underlying Asset 
or yield or financing component is not compiled, calculated and published or where, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, the method of calculating any Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or the value 
thereof is changed significantly, the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation as the 
Issuer, based reasonable grounds, deems necessary in order for the calculation of the value of the Affected

--- Page 115 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 115 -
70-41081773 
 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component to reflect and be based on the manner in which such was 
previously compiled, calculated and published. The value thereby calculated shall replace the value of the 
Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component in calculations of the relevant Settlement Amount 
or other amount. 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace the Affected Underlying Asset or 
yield or financing component or adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer may perform an early calculation 
of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and determine the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. When the 
Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the 
Settlement Amount and/or the yield. The Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount (which 
may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Expiration Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustment to the Conditions as the Issuer deems 
necessary in connection with a Changed Calculation. 
(b) 
Corrections The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, except in respect of Instruments for which 
the Underlying Assets or yield or financing components consist solely of commodities or currencies, or a 
combination of the above, unless "Corrections" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component is corrected within 
the number of days from the original publication as normally elapse between a trade and settlement day in 
conjunction with spot trading in the Affected Underlying Asset or in the underlying assets included in the 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component, provided that such number of days does not exceed three 
Exchange Trading Days after the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date, and such price is used to 
determine a relevant price, the Issuer shall be entitled to make a corresponding correction. 
(c) 
Correction Commodity 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Asset(s) consist of 
one or several commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or one or more commodity 
index(es), unless "Correction Commodity" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for a commodity which (directly or indirectly in the Issuer's opinion) 
constitutes an Underlying Asset is corrected within 30 days of the original publication and such a price is used 
to determine any relevant value, the Issuer shall be entitled to make a corresponding correction. 
(d) 
Correction Currency 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Asset(s) or yield or 
financing components consist of one or several currencies, unless "Correction Currency" is specified as not 
being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for a currency which (including as regards exchange rates) directly or 
indirectly in the Issuer's opinion) constitutes an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component is corrected 
and such price is used to determine a relevant value, the Issuer shall be entitled to make a corresponding 
correction not later than six Scheduled Trading Days after the official closing price for the Underlying Asset 
was published. 
(e) 
Corrections to Base Rate, Margin; Redemption Price, Accumulated Value and Financing Level 
Where the Base Rate and/or Base Rate Margin is corrected or where calculation of a Financing Level, the 
Redemption Price or the Accumulated Value is, in the Issuer's sole discretion, incorrect, the Issuer may adjust 
any calculated Financing Level, Accumulated Value or Redemption Price within three Scheduled Trading 
Days of the original calculation. In other cases, no adjustment of the Financing Level, Accumulated Value or 
Redemption Price shall take place. 
11. 
Extraordinary Events 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, any delisting, nationalisation, bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation, company 
reorganisation, compulsory redemption, merger, demerger, asset transfer, share swap, swap offer, public 
tender offer or other similar event occurs with respect to an Underlying Asset or a company to which an 
Underlying Asset relates; or where, in the Issuer's opinion, a split, new issue, bonus issue, issuance of warrants 
or convertible debentures, reverse split, or buy-back occurs with respect to an Underlying Asset, or any other 
event occurs as specified in the Final Terms or which, in accordance with practice on the market for share-
related derivative products, may lead to an adjustment in the calculation during outstanding transactions (each 
an "Extraordinary Event") the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation of the 
Settlement Amount or other relevant amount or compilation of the Underlying Asset(s), or to replace an 
Affected Underlying Asset with a Replacement Underlying Asset which the Issuer thereby deems necessary

--- Page 116 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 116 -
70-41081773 
 
in order to achieve a calculation of the Settlement Amount which reflects, and is based on, the manner in 
which such was previously calculated. 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace an Affected Underlying Asset or 
adjust the applicable calculation or the structure of the Underlying Asset, the Issuer may perform an early 
calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and determine the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. 
When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders 
of the Settlement Amount and the yield. The Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount. The 
Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustment to the Conditions as the Issuer deems 
necessary in connection with Extraordinary Events. 
12. 
Change in Law 
The following provisions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Change in Law" is stated not to be applicable 
in the relevant the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any changes in any law, ordinance, regulation or equivalent 
or decision by a public authority or any change in the application thereof, or if a decree of moratorium, 
currency restriction, embargo, blockade or boycott of a central bank, national government or other public 
authority such as the United Nations or the European Union, (each a "Change in Law") it would be unlawful, 
significantly more difficult or cause significant reputational damage to the Issuer to issue and to keep the 
Instruments outstanding, or if it becomes unlawful or more difficult for the Issuer or a third party or cause 
significant reputational damage to the Issuer to hold, acquire or divest Underlying Assets or to enter into 
derivative transactions with respect to an Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component, which may 
be entered into to hedge the Issuer's exposure under the Instruments, the Issuer may determine that the 
Affected Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement 
Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component (as selected by the Issuer in its discretion), or 
alternatively adjust the calculation of the Settlement Amount, Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount, 
Yield Amount and/or alter the Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected Underlying 
Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer may perform an early 
calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such calculation shall be based on the most recently 
published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or financing component. When the Issuer has determined 
the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Settlement 
Amount and/or the yield and the Interest Rate which shall continue to accrue on the Instruments which may 
be a market rate (and which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) 
shall be paid on the Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Settlement Date 
to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with a Change in Law. 
13. 
Increased Costs of Hedging 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Increased Costs of Hedging" is 
stated not to be applicable in the relevant the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any change in any law, ordinance, regulation or equivalent 
or decision by a public authority or the application thereof, or any other event or circumstance not directly 
attributable to the Issuer's deteriorated credit rating which, in the opinion of the Issuer, would affect the 
Issuer's costs for holding, acquiring or divesting Underlying Assets or entering into, maintaining or 
terminating derivative instruments relating to one or more Underlying Assets or any yield or financing 
component for the purpose of managing the Issuer's exposure under the Instruments, would increase in a 
manner which is not insignificant for the Issuer or if the Issuer's risk management costs, for a reason other 
than as listed above would, in the opinion of the Issuer, increase, or where, in the Issuer's opinion, the risk 
management costs significantly increase (each an "Increased Cost"), the Issuer may determine that the 
Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement Underlying 
Asset or yield or financing component or alternatively adjust the calculation of the Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a commercially reasonable result to replace the Affected 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer may 
perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such early calculation shall be based 
on the most recently published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or financing component. When the 
Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the 
amount of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and the Interest Rate which shall continue to accrue on the 
Instruments, which may be a market rate (and which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued

--- Page 117 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 117 -
70-41081773 
 
interest, if applicable) shall be paid on the Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring 
forward the Settlement Date to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Increased Costs. 
14. 
Hedging Disruption 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Hedging Disruption" is stated not 
to be applicable in the relevant the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, after using commercially reasonable efforts, it would be substantially more 
difficult or impossible to hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
Underlying Assets or yield or financing components or enter into transactions or acquire financial instruments 
for the purpose of hedging/risk management with reference to Underlying Assets which have been acquired 
to hedge the Issuer's exposure or settlement obligation under the Instruments), (each such event a "Hedging 
Disruption") the Issuer may determine that the Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component 
shall be replaced by a Replacement Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or alternatively adjust 
the calculation of the Settlement Amount, Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount, Yield Amount and/or 
alter the Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected Underlying 
Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer may perform an early 
calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such calculation shall be based on the most recently 
published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or financing component. When the Issuer has determined 
the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Settlement 
Amount and/or the yield and the Interest Rate which may continue to accrue on the Instruments which may 
be a market rate or which may be zero. The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) 
shall be paid on the Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Settlement Date 
to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connection with Hedging Disruption. 
15. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Instruments will be prescribed unless made within 10 years 
(or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, three years) after the due date for payment. 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in respect of 
Finnish Instruments shall become statute barred unless made within three years after the relevant payment 
date. 
(c) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in respect of 
Swedish Instruments, or VPS Instruments will be statute barred unless made within ten years after the relevant 
Settlement Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). Claims against the Issuer for the payment of interest or 
other yield in respect of Swedish Instruments or VPS Instruments shall be statute barred unless made within 
three years after the relevant Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment Date (as applicable). 
If the limitation period in respect of Swedish Instruments is interrupted a new limitation period of ten years 
will commence for claims in respect of Settlement Amounts or Redemption Amounts and three years for 
claims in respect of interest amounts and other yield. Where the limitation period is interrupted through any 
acknowledgement, claim or reminder a new limitation period shall commence on the date of the interruption 
or, where the limitation period is interrupted through legal proceedings or the claims for payment is brought 
before in a court of law, enforcement authority or in arbitration proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or 
proceedings for a judicial composition with creditors, a new limitation period shall commence on the date on 
which a judgment or final decision is rendered or the procedure is otherwise terminated. 
(d) 
The right to payment of any Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in respect of VP Instruments shall 
become statute barred ten years after the Settlement Date or Redemption Amount (as applicable). The Issuer 
shall, upon limitation, be entitled to keep any funds that may have been reserved by the Issuer for such 
payments. 
Upon an interruption of the limitation period, a new limitation period of ten years with respect to any 
Settlement Amount shall start to run from the day determined in accordance with the Danish Limitation of 
Claims Act (forældelsesloven) (Consolidated Act No. 1238 dated 9 November 2015).

--- Page 118 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 118 -
70-41081773 
 
16. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Registrar 
The initial Fiscal Agent and Registrar and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent (including the Fiscal 
Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Agents or another Registrar provided that it will 
at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) an Agent with a specified office in continental 
Europe but outside the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation, (iv) so long as any VPS Instruments are settled 
through Euronext VPS, a Paying Agent with a specified office in Norway, (v) so long as any Swedish 
Instruments are cleared and settled through Euroclear Sweden, an Issuing Agent with a specified office in 
Sweden, and (vi) so long as any Finnish Instruments are cleared and settled through Euroclear Finland, an 
Issuer Agent with a specified office in Finland. The Fiscal Agent and the Registrar reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city, and provided 
further that so long as any VP Instruments are cleared and settled through VP, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the VP Issuing Agent shall have the respective rights and obligations arising under the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and no other Agent shall have any rights and obligations in relation thereto Notice of all changes 
in the identities or specified offices of the Agents or the Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
17. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of 
the Registrar, subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange and/or listing authority 
on which the relevant Instruments are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such 
replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Instruments must be surrendered before replacements will be 
delivered. 
18. 
Modifications 
The Issuer is entitled to make any amendment to these Conditions that is approved by all Holders of the 
relevant Instruments. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendment to the Conditions in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
If the Issuer determines, acting reasonably, that from time to time there has been a change in prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions, which change affects any Hedge Transaction such that the 
terms of such Hedge Transaction are or may thenceforth be inconsistent with corresponding provisions of 
these Conditions, then it may, without the consent of the Instrumentholders or any Agent, modify these 
Conditions to the extent necessary to preserve such consistency. The Issuer shall notify the Instrumentholders 
and the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) promptly following any such determination. 
In addition to the foregoing the Issuer is entitled, without the consent of Holders, to amend these Conditions 
(including the applicable the Final Terms): (i) in order to correct any manifest error or (ii) to the extent 
appropriate upon a change in applicable mandatory law, or (iii) to the extent that any such amendment would 
not, in the opinion of the Issuer, be materially prejudicial to the Holders of the Instruments or (iv) to change 
the stock exchange or listing venue where the Instruments are admitted to listing and/or trading, or to change 
the clearing system or central securities depository through which the Instruments are cleared or settled. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Registered Instruments 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if (i) sent by first class mail 
to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing or (ii) if published on the website of the stock 
exchange on which the relevant Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of the 
Issuer at www.nordea.com. 
(b) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71, 
Stockholm and clearly marked on their exterior "Urgent — Attention: Group Treasury" (or at such other 
address and for such other attention as may have been notified to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance 
with this Condition 19 (Notices)) and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business 
on the next day on which the Issuer's principal office is open for business. 
(c) 
Notices in respect of VP Instruments 
Notices in respect of VP Instruments will be either (i) in writing and shall be addressed to such Holders of the 
VP Instruments at the address appearing in the Danish Instrument Register maintained by VP Issuing Agent

--- Page 119 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 119 -
70-41081773 
 
in accordance with the VP Rules or (ii) published on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant 
Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.dk or 
www.nordea.com. 
(d) 
Notices in respect of VPS Instruments 
Notices in respect of VPS Instruments will be either (i) in writing given to Euronext VPS for communication 
by it to such Holders, (ii) in writing, sent by first class mail, by electronic mail or through other electronic 
means, directly to such Holders, or (iii) published on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant 
Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iv) published on the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.no or 
www.nordea.com. 
(e) 
Notices in respect of Swedish Instruments 
Notices in respect of Swedish Instruments will be either (i) in writing, addressed to such Holders at the address 
appearing in Euroclear Sweden Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business 
Day after the date of such mailing, or (ii) published on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant 
Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.se or 
www.nordea.com. 
(f) 
Notices in respect of Finnish Instruments 
Notices regarding Finnish Instruments shall be published by the Issuer on the Issuer's website 
www.nordea.com or www.nordea.fi or on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant Instruments 
are listed (if applicable) or on the website. Written notice may also be sent to Holders at the address recorded 
in the Issuer's register. Where Instruments have been issued as dematerialised securities, notice to Holders 
may be sent via Euroclear Finland and account operators. Notices may also be sent to the relevant marketplace, 
on which the Instrument is listed, for distribution to the members of the marketplace. Notices shall be deemed 
received by Holders on the day on which they are published on a relevant website or in Euroclear Finland or, 
where the notice has been sent by letter, on the fifth day after despatch of the letter. 
20. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to VP Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to VP to provide to the VP Issuing Agent, 
upon request, information registered with VP relating to the VP Instruments and the Holders of the VP 
Instruments in order that the VP Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Danish authorities, including the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark (Finanstilsynet) and the Danish tax authorities with any 
information required under applicable Danish laws. Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the 
identity of the holder of the VP Instruments, the residency of the holder of the VP Instruments, the number of 
VP Instruments of the relevant holder and the address of the relevant holder. 
The VPS Paying Agent is obligated, upon request, to provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, including 
the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway and the Norwegian tax authorities, with any information 
registered on the relevant Euronext VPS account(s). Such information may include the identity of the 
registered Holder of the Instruments, the residency of the registered Holder of the Instruments, the number of 
Instruments registered with the relevant Holder, the address of the relevant Holder, the account operator in 
respect of the relevant Euronext VPS account and whether or not the Instruments are registered in the name 
of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee 
In relation to Finnish Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Finland to provide to 
the Finnish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Finland relating to the Finnish 
Instruments and the Holders of the Finnish Instruments in order that the Finnish Issuing Agent may provide 
any relevant Finnish authorities, including the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (in Finnish: 
Finanssivalvonta) and the Finnish tax authorities, with any information required under applicable Finnish 
laws. Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Finnish 
Instruments, the residency of the registered holder of the Finnish Instruments, the number of Finnish 
Instruments registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in 
respect of the relevant Euroclear Finland account (in Finnish: Tilinhoitaja) and whether or not the Finnish 
Instruments are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In relation to Swedish Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to provide to 
the Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden relating to the 
Swedish Instruments and the Holders of the Swedish Instruments in order that the Swedish Issuing Agent 
may provide any relevant Swedish authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Sweden 
(Finansinspektionen) and the Swedish tax authorities, with any information required under applicable 
Swedish laws. Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of 
the Swedish Instruments, the residency of the  registered holder of the Swedish Instruments, the number of 
Swedish Instruments registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account

--- Page 120 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 120 -
70-41081773 
 
operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear Sweden account and whether or not the Swedish Instruments are 
registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments of any Series create 
and issue further Instruments and other debt securities having terms and conditions the same as those of the 
Instruments of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest (if any), which 
may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Instruments of such Series. 
22. 
Obtaining Information 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from: (i) the Euroclear Sweden Register in respect of the 
Swedish Instruments and Holders thereof; and (ii) Euroclear Finland in respect of the Finnish Instruments and 
Holders thereof. 
The Issuer has the right, with respect to Instruments other than Swedish Instruments, to request and obtain 
from the relevant Clearing System certain information relating to an account in the relevant Clearing System's 
register of holders, including but not limited to: (i) the Holder's name, personal identification number or other 
identification number as well as postal address, (ii) Instruments held and the terms and conditions of such 
Instruments and (iii) where applicable, the number of Instruments in issue. 
The Issuer shall have access on demand to static data and ownership of the Instrumentholders registered in 
the Securities Depository as regulated in Clause 36.3 of the Danish FSA Executive Order 819 of 2 June 2013 
on Book-Entry etc. of Investment Securities with a Clearing System. 
23. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them may be governed 
by English law, Swedish law, Finnish law, Danish law or Norwegian law, as specified in the Final Terms. In 
relation to VP Instruments, Danish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of 
such Instruments in VP and VP Instruments must comply with the Danish Capital Markets Act, the Danish 
Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the 
registration of such VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS. Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with 
regard to the registration of such Swedish Instruments in Euroclear Sweden and the Swedish Instruments must 
comply with the SFIA Act. Finnish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of 
such Finnish Instruments in Euroclear Finland and the Finnish Instruments must comply with the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Settlement Activities (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
(348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (Laki arvo-osuustileistä) (827/1991), 
as amended, as well as the rules and regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 23(a), the Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of 
the Instruments that the Courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with Instruments governed 
by English law (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Instruments) (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably 
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or 
hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings 
and to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by 
being delivered to Nordea Bank Abp, London Branch at its registered address in London from time to time, 
being presently at 6th Floor, 5 Aldermanbury Square, London EC2V 7AZ or, if different, its registered office 
for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in 
accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to 
accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Instrumentholder 
shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Fiscal Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. The submission to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Instruments or of any of them to take Proceedings in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law. 
(c) 
If Swedish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the interpretation 
or application of these Conditions shall be settled in Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court (Sw. 
Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be court of first instance.

--- Page 121 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 121 -
70-41081773 
 
(d) 
If Finnish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the interpretation 
or application of these Conditions shall be settled in Finnish courts. The court of first instance shall be 
Helsingin käräjäoikeus. 
(e) 
If Danish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the interpretation 
or application of these Conditions shall be settled by Danish courts. The court of first instance shall be 
Københavns Byret. 
(f) 
If Norwegian law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these Conditions shall be settled by Norwegian courts. The court of first 
instance shall be Oslo Tingrett. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the operating procedures, rules and regulations of Euroclear 
Sweden (together, the "Swedish Remedies"), Holders of Swedish Instruments may have remedies against the 
Issuer for non-payment or non-performance under the Conditions applicable to such Swedish Instruments, a 
Swedish Holder must first exhaust all available remedies under the applicable governing law for non-payment 
or non-performance before any Proceedings may be brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the 
Swedish Remedies. Notwithstanding Condition 23(b), and in this limited respect only, a Holder of Swedish 
Instruments may therefore not take concurrent Proceedings in Sweden. 
24. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Instruments under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
25. 
Limitation of liability etc. 
The Issuer and the relevant Clearing System shall not, in connection with the discharge or purported discharge 
of any of their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, be held liable for any damage arising out 
of any legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, 
blockade or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and 
blockades applies even if an aforementioned entity takes such measures, or is subject to such measures. 
The Issuer or the relevant Clearing System shall not be held liable for any other damage or loss incurred if 
such entity has exercised due care. The aforementioned entities shall not in any case be held responsible for 
any indirect damage, consequential damage and/or loss of profit, otherwise than as a result of or in relation to 
the gross negligence of the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System. 
Should there be an impediment to the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System taking any action pursuant to 
these terms and conditions due to any circumstance set out in the first paragraph of this Condition 25 
(Limitation of liability etc.), such action may be postponed until the impediment has ceased. 
The provisions of this Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.) shall apply unless otherwise provided by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
26. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Instruments or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 
26 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Instruments), by its acquisition of the Instruments, each Instrumentholder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Instruments may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments on a 
permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on 
the Instrumentholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Instruments; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Instruments or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments; and

--- Page 122 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 122 -
70-41081773 
 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Instruments or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Instruments, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Instruments, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Relevant Jurisdiction, relating 
to (i) the transposition of the BRRD or the application of the SRM Regulation and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created under the BRRD or the SRM Regulation, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Instruments, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Instruments. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
For the avoidance of doubt any exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority will not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations or duties in 
respect of the Instruments, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer's obligations or duties in respect of the 
Instruments in any manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders to petition for the winding up 
or liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 123 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 123 -
70-41081773 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms and 
conditions. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible counterparties[,/ and] professional clients 
[only/and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II");[ and] (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate[; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, 
as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Instruments] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]]; [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129]. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents of 
particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside those countries and/or to whom the 
offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Final 
Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended 
addressee of the information contained therein.

--- Page 124 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 124 -
70-41081773 
 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities 
in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to 
registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or to persons within the United States of 
America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described 
in the Final Terms will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S.]

--- Page 125 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 125 -
70-41081773 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900ODI3047E2LIV03 
Issue of [Title of Instruments] 
under the Programme for the 
Issuance of Warrants and Certificates 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, except 
as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below, any offer of Instruments in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Instruments. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the 
Instruments may only do so: 
(a) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(b) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 6 of Part B below, provided such person is one of 
the persons described in Paragraph 6 of Part B below [and which satisfies conditions set out therein] and that 
such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
The Issuer has not authorised, and it does not authorise, the making of any offer of Instruments in any other 
circumstances. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 1 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any 
offer of Instruments in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Instruments. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer in any Member State of the European Economic Area of the 
Instruments may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, in relation to such offer. The Issuer has not authorised, and it does not authorise, the making of 
any offer of Instruments in any other circumstances. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129.]2 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below is valid until and including [12] December 2025. The succeeding base 
prospectus relating to the Programme shall be [made available for viewing during normal business hours at, 
and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, FI-00020 Nordea, 
Helsinki, 
Finland 
and 
from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.dk/www.nordea.fi].3 
 
 
 
1 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Instruments is anticipated. 
2 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Instruments is NOT anticipated. 
3 
Include this where the Offer Period will continue after the expiration of the base prospectus under which it was commenced, 
provided that a succeeding base prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the previous base 
prospectus.

--- Page 126 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 126 -
70-41081773 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the [original base prospectus dated 15 June 2016/15 June 2017/19 June 2018/18 December 2018/18 December 
2019/18 December 2020/17 December 2021/16 December 2022/15 December 2023]] and which are incorporated by 
reference in the] base prospectus dated 13 December 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation4]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments described herein [for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation5] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. [A 
summary of the Instruments is annexed to these Final Terms]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Instruments is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] and these Final Terms are available for 
viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at 
Satamaradankatu 
5, 
FI-00020 
Nordea, 
Helsinki, 
Finland 
and 
from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.fi/www.nordea.dk].  
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. 
Where a single Final Terms will cover more than one series of Instruments (for example, a Mini Future and an 
Unlimited Turbo) separate option(s) may need to be specified under the relevant paragraph or sub-paragraph in 
respect of each Series of Instruments. 
I. 
GENERAL TERMS 
1.
 
 
 
(i) 
Instrument Type: 
[Warrant/Market 
Warrant/Turbo 
Warrant/Mini 
Future/Unlimited Turbos/Certificate/Max Certificate/As 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
 
(ii) 
Type of Warrant: 
[Call Warrant/Put Warrant/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Type of Market Warrant: 
[Long Market Warrant/Short Market Warrant/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Type of Turbo Warrant: 
[Turbo Call Warrant/Turbo Put Warrant/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)         Type of Quanto Warrant: 
[Quanto 
Call 
Warrant/Quanto 
Put 
Warrant/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Type of Mini Future/Unlimited 
Turbo: 
[Mini Future Long/Mini Future Short/Unlimited Turbo 
Long/Unlimited 
Turbo 
Short/Mini Future 
Basket 
Long/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B 
of these Final Terms]] 
 
(vi) 
Type of Certificate: 
[Bull 
Certificate/Bear 
Certificate/Bond 
Tracker 
Certificate/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
FX Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/ As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms] 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Instruments shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of series] on [[insert 
date]/the Issue Date.] 
3.
Currency: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/As specified in the 
table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
 
4 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer. 
5 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer.

--- Page 127 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 127 -
70-41081773 
 
4.
Number of Instruments: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] [per ISIN] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] [per ISIN]  
5.
Issue Price: 
[[•] per Instrument/The Initial Price/The Instruments will 
be issued with an initial Issue Price of approximately [•] 
per cent on the Issue Date/The Issue Price will be 
determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date/Not 
Applicable, the Instruments will be issued on the Issue 
Date but will not be subscribed by any investor. The 
Instruments will be traded on the market(s) specified in 
Part B.1 of these Final Terms]. 
6.
Issue Date: 
[•] 
7.
Settlement Date: 
[No later than][[•]/[•] Business Days/Scheduled Trading 
Days after the Expiration Date [or, if earlier, the 
occurrence of an Early Expiration Event or Stop Loss 
Event]]/The earlier of [[•] or] [•] [Scheduled Trading 
Days/Business Days] following an Early Expiration 
Event or Stop Loss Event/Not Applicable] 
8.
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day] 
 
[adjusted/unadjusted] 
9.
Exchange Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day/Not Applicable] 
10.
Reference Currency: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
11.
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[•]/As specified in the Conditions] 
12.
Underlying Asset[s]: 
[[•] / Not Applicable / 
 
Basket 
Compone
nt 
Basket 
Compone
nt 
ISIN/Cod
e 
Type 
of 
asset 
Basket 
Weight 
Closing 
Price 
Initial 
Price 
Strike 
Level 
[Long/Sh
ort Asset] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[share] 
[index] 
[depositor
y receipt] 
[bond] 
[exchange 
rate] 
[commodi
ty] [fund] 
[interest 
rate] 
[basket] 
[futures 
contract] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[Long 
Asset/Sho
rt Asset] 
 
[Cash] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Cash 
Value] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
13. 
Reference Bond: 
[[•] / Not Applicable] 
14. 
Reference Bond Principal Amount: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 128 -
70-41081773 
 
II. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST OR YIELD 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 11 to 60 have been intentionally omitted]6 
15.
Interest or Yield Basis: 
[Cap/Floor] 
[Capped Floor Float] 
[Compounding Floater] 
[Range Accrual] 
[Digital Long] 
[Digital Short] 
[Basket Long] 
[Basket Short] 
[Autocall Coupon] 
[Flat Coupon] 
[Memory Coupon] 
[Plus Flat Coupon] 
[Plus Memory Coupon] 
[Bond Tracker Coupon] 
[Max Component] 
[Currency Component – Basket] 
[Currency Component – Underlying Asset and/or Basket 
Components] 
16.
Base Rate 1: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/
CIBOR/ EURIBOR/ CORRA/ HONIA/ 
SONIA/ SOFR/ €STR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ MOSPRIME/ 
WIBOR/ HIBOR/ TIBOR/ in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]/ As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17.
Base Rate 2: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/
CIBOR/ EURIBOR/ CORRA/ HONIA/ 
SONIA/ SOFR/ €STR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ MOSPRIME/ 
WIBOR/ HIBOR/ TIBOR/ in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/ where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]/ As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18.
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/where the 
Currency is [specify relevant Currency], [•]/Not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
19.
Base Rate Margin: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
20.
Day Calculation Method 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual 365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360/Not 
Applicable] 
21.
Interest Period(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
22.
Interest Payment Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
23.
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/"p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date /"p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date /"p" CORRA Banking Days prior to the Interest 
 
6 
Include where interest provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 129 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 129 -
70-41081773 
 
Payment Date  /"p" Hong Kong Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date / "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date] 
24.
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/Each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the term of the Instrument/As 
determined in accordance with paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of 
the definition of "Reference Price"/the Expiration Date] 
25.
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
26.
p: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
27.
i: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
28.
D: 
[360/[•]/Not Applicable] 
29.
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/As set out in the 
Conditions/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
30.
Yield Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
31.
Yield Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
32.
Yield Payment Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
33.
Yield Period(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
34.
Underlying Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
35.
Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
36.
Reference Source: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type 
of 
Underlying 
Asset], 
[•]/Not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
37.
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/in the case of Underlying Assets 
which are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], 
[•]] 
38.
Cap Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
39.
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
40.
Spread: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
41.
Floor Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
42.
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
43.
Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
44.
Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
45.
X: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
46.
Initial Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
47.
Initial Price Higher: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
48.
Initial Price Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
49.
Closing Price: 
[The Reference Price on the Closing Price 
Determination Date /The arithmetic mean of the 
Reference 
Prices 
on 
the 
Closing 
Price

--- Page 130 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 130 -
70-41081773 
 
Determination Dates /The arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Prices during the Closing Price 
Determination Period [as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole discretion] /Not Applicable] 
50.
Closing Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Closing Date Determination/the Redemption 
Date/the Expiration Date/Expiration Date and the 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Expiration 
Date] 
51.
Reference Price Determination Method: 
[Official 
Closing/Fixing 
/Valuation 
Time 
[for 
Instruments with [•] as Underlying Asset(s)] [for  [•]]/ /As 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final Terms/in the 
case 
of 
Underlying 
Assets 
which 
are 
[specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
52.
Reference Price: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/As determined in 
accordance with paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition 
of "Reference Price"/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
53.
Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
54.
Determination Dates 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
55.
Observation Day for Barrier Level(s): 
[Continuous Observation [specify dates] / Pre-determined 
Observation [specify dates] / Expiration Date Observation 
/ Not Applicable] 
56.
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
57.
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
58.
Basket Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
59.
Basket Participation: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
60.
Lowest Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
61.
Participation Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
62.
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
63.
Autocall Coupon: 
[Flat Coupon / Memory Coupon / Plus Flat Coupon / Plus 
Memory Coupon/Not Applicable] 
64.
Coupon Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
65.
Basket Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
66.
Best/Worst Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
67.
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
68.
Interest Amount Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
69.
Reference Bond Exchange Rate (Interest 
Amount): 
[[•]/The exchange rate between [•] and [•] available at 
[specify source] on [specify time and date]/Not 
Applicable] 
70.
Max Component: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
71.
Currency Component-Basket: 
[[•]/Applicable/Applicable where the Basket Return is 
[positive/negative]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 131 -
70-41081773 
 
72.
Currency component - Underlying Asset: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Applicable to the following Basket 
Components: [•]] 
73.
Translation Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]] 
 
 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]] 
 
 
Crossing Currency: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/where 
the Currency is [specify relevant Currency], [•]] 
74.
Exchange Rate Reference Source: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
75.
Exchange Rate Reference Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
76.
Rate Option Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Rate Option Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions/Not 
Applicable]] 
III. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
SETTLEMENT 
 
77.
Expiration Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Expiration Date Determination/As 
set out in the table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
78.
Number of Expiration Date Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
79.
Initial Price: 
[[•]/The 
Reference 
Price 
on 
the 
Initial 
Price 
Determination Date/The arithmetic mean value of the 
Reference Prices on the Initial Price Determination 
Date/The arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for the 
Initial Price Determination Period/The Strike Price/Not 
Applicable/ As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
80.
Initial Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
81.
Initial Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/The first Scheduled Trading Day immediately prior 
to the Issue Date which is not a Disrupted Day/Not 
Applicable] 
82.
Closing Price: 
[[•]/The Reference Price on the Closing Price 
Determination Date /The arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Prices on the Closing Price Determination 
Dates /The arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices 
during the Closing Price Determination Period [as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion] /Not 
Applicable] 
83.
Closing Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Closing 
Date 
Determination/the 
Redemption 
Date/the Expiration Date/Expiration Date and the [•] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Expiration Date]

--- Page 132 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 132 -
70-41081773 
 
84.
Closing Price following Early Expiration 
Event: 
[Condition 6(d) is Applicable/Condition 6(d) is Not 
Applicable] 
85.
Closing Price following Stop Loss Event: 
[Condition 6(i) is Applicable/Condition 6(i) is not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
86.
Number of Closing Date Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
87.
Strike Price: 
[[•][%]/Not Applicable/The Reference Price on the Strike 
Price Determination Date/The arithmetic mean value of 
the Strike Prices on the Strike Price Determination 
Dates/The arithmetic mean of the Strike Prices for the 
Strike Price Determination Period/As specified in the 
table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
88.
Strike Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
89.
Strike Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/The first Scheduled Trading Day they immediately 
prior to the Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
90.
Financing Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
91.
Financing Level Calculation Date: 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable/Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Cumulative Financing Level] 
92.
Redemption Price: 
[[•]/Cumulative Redemption Price/Not Applicable] 
93.
Base Rate: 
[STIBOR / CIBOR / EURIBOR / CORRA / HONIA/ 
SONIA / SOFR / €STR / NIBOR / STIBOR / 
MOSPRIME / WIBOR / HIBOR / TIBOR / in the case of 
Underlying Assets which are [specify category/type of 
Underlying Asset], [•] / where the Currency is [specify 
relevant Currency], [•] / Not Applicable / 0(zero) / As 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final Terms / [•] 
per cent per annum] 
 
 
Base Rate Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms] 
94.
Base Rate 1: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/
CIBOR/ EURIBOR/ CORRA/ HONIA/ 
SONIA/ SOFR/ €STR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ MOSPRIME/ 
WIBOR/ HIBOR/ TIBOR/ in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/ where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]/ As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
95.
Base Rate 2: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/
CIBOR/ EURIBOR/ CORRA/ HONIA/ 
SONIA/ SOFR/ €STR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ MOSPRIME/ 
WIBOR/ HIBOR/ TIBOR/ in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/ where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]/ As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
96.
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/where the 
Currency is [specify relevant Currency], [•]/Not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms]

--- Page 133 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 133 -
70-41081773 
 
97.
Base Rate Margin: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
98.
Day Calculation Method 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual 365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360/Not 
Applicable] 
99.
Redemption Price Start: 
[[Currency] [Price] / Not Applicable] 
100.
Reference Source: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type 
of 
Underlying 
Asset], 
[•]/Not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
101.
Reference Price Determination Method: 
[Official 
Closing/Fixing 
/Valuation 
Time] 
[for 
Instruments with [•] as Underlying Asset(s) / As specified 
in the table in Part B of these Final Terms/ in the case of 
Underlying Assets which are [specify category/type of 
Underlying Asset], [•]] 
102.
Reference Price: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/As determined in 
accordance with paragraph [(ii)/(iii)/(iv)] of the definition 
of "Reference Price" each market price determined during 
the Stop Loss Observation Period by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion that is derived from the bid and 
offer prices for the Underlying Asset as available and 
published on the respective screen page of the business 
information service [Bloomberg/Reuters] /As specified in 
the table in Part B of these Final Terms.] 
103.
Reference Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
104.
Reference Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
105.
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]Each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the term of the Instrument/As 
determined in accordance with paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of 
the definition of "Reference Price"/the Expiration Date] 
106.
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/in the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/As set out in the 
Conditions/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
107.
Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/The Initial Price [multiplied by the 
Initial Translation Rate]/As specified in the table in Part 
B of these Final Terms] 
108.
Underlying Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
109.
Participation Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
110.
Leverage Factor: 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
to 
calculation 
of 
[Accumulated Value Change] [and] [not] [Accumulated 
Financing]/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
111.
Early Expiration Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
112.
Nordnet Termination Event: 
[Condition 6(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable] 
113.
Commencement of observation of Early 
Expiration Event: 
[Issue Date/Commencement Date/Not Applicable] 
114.
Number of Trading Hours: 
[[•] hours/Not Applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 134 -
70-41081773 
 
115.
Initial Translation Rate: 
[[•] / Not Applicable/ As specified in the table in Part B 
of these Final Terms / the exchange rate determined on 
the [first/last] Scheduled Trading Day during the Initial 
Price Determination Period/the exchange rate determined 
on the Initial Price Determination Date/the Translation 
Rate on the [Scheduled Trading Day prior to the] 
Commencement Date] [which is not a Disrupted Trading 
Day] 
116.
Translation Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]] 
 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]/where the Currency is [specify relevant 
Currency], [•]] 
 
Crossing Currency: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]/where 
the Currency is [specify relevant Currency], [•]] 
117.
Exchange Rate Reference Source: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
118.
Exchange Rate Reference Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying Assets which 
are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
119.
Settlement Amount Cap: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
120.
Settlement Amount Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
121.
Dividend Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
122.
Dividend Coupon Date(s): 
[[•]/As soon as reasonably practicable (as determined by 
the Issuer) upon receipt (or deemed receipt) of the 
relevant Dividend Coupon by a holder of the Underlying 
Asset(s)/Not Applicable] 
123.
Dividend Reinvestment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
124.
Dividend Reinvestment Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
125.
Material Price Movement: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
126.
Material Price Percentage: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
127.
Reference Bond Price Source: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
128.
Reference Bond Quotation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
129.
Dirty Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
130.
Settlement Amount Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
131.
Reference Bond Exchange Rate (Settlement 
Amount): 
[[•]/The exchange rate between [•] and [•] available at 
[specify source] on [specify time and date]/Not 
Applicable] 
132.
Initial Accumulated Decremental Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 135 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 135 -
70-41081773 
 
133.
Max Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
134.
Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/The percentage of the most recent 
official closing price for such Underlying Asset(s) quoted 
on the relevant Reference Source(s)/the Financing 
Level/the Strike Price/ As specified in the table in Part B 
of these Final Terms]  
135.
Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
136.
Barrier Reference Price: 
[[•]/Any of the transaction prices during continuous 
trading listed on a Reference Source, commencing on the 
[Commencement/Issue] Date up to and including the 
Expiration Date/the last trade price during continuous 
trading on a Reference Source on the Expiration Date/ the 
aggregate of the last trade price of each Basket 
Component during continuous trading listed on the 
relevant Reference Source(s) multiplied by the Basket 
Weight of such Basket Component/Not Applicable] 
137.
Observation Day for Barrier Level(s): 
[Continuous Observation / Pre-determined Observation 
[specify dates] / Expiration Date Observation / Not 
Applicable] 
[(i) 
Observation Start Date: [•] 
(ii) 
Observation End Date: [•]] 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Commencement Date] 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Expiration Date] 
138.
Administration Fee: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
139.
Maximum Administration Fee: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]  
140.
Initial Accumulated Value: 
[[•]/The Accumulated Value of one Instrument of Series 
[•] Tranche [•] for ISIN [•] on the Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
141.
Accumulated Value Calculation Day: 
[[•]/Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
during 
the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period] 
142.
Stop Loss Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms/in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]] 
143.
Stop Loss Level: 
[Not Applicable/[Initially [•], and thereafter] The product 
of the [Reference Price/Financing Level/most recent 
official closing price for the Underlying Asset quoted on 
the Reference Source] and the result obtained by 
subtracting the Stop Loss Buffer from 100% or Adding 
the Stop Loss Buffer to 100%, as specified in the 
Conditions//[[•] in respect of [•]]/As specified in the table 
in Part B of these Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying 
Assets which are [specify category/type of Underlying 
Asset], [•]] 
144.
Stop Loss Reference Price: 
[[•]/All of the most recent transaction prices during 
continuous trading listed on a Reference Source, 
commencing on the Commencement Date up to and 
including the Expiration Date/the last trade price during 
continuous trading on a Reference Source on the 
Expiration 
Date/Weighted 
Stop 
Loss 
Reference 
Price/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B 
of these Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying Assets 
which are [specify category/type of Underlying Asset], 
[•]] 
145.
Stop Loss Rollover Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Each Scheduled Trading Day/As 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final Terms/ in

--- Page 136 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 136 -
70-41081773 
 
the case of Underlying Assets which are [specify 
category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
146.
Stop Loss Buffer: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
 
[Maximum Stop Loss Buffer]: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
147.
Stop Loss Observation Period: 
[The period from and including [•] to and including [•] 
[on each [weekday] from [•] a.m. to [•] p.m.]/ [•]/Not 
Applicable/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms/ in the case of Underlying Assets which are 
[specify category/type of Underlying Asset], [•]] 
IV. 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 123 to 128 have been intentionally omitted]7 
148.
Application for Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
149.
Redemption Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/[[•] in each year or, if such day is not 
a Business Day, the next following Business Day] 
150.
Number of Redemption Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
151.
Redemption Fee: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/[•] per cent of the Settlement 
Amount] 
152.
Specific Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
153.
Redemption Price: 
[[•]/Cumulative Redemption Price/Not Applicable/As set 
out in the Conditions] 
V. 
PROVISIONS 
APPLICABLE 
TO 
DISRUPTION, 
ADJUSTMENTS 
AND 
OTHER 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS. 
154.
Change in Law: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
155.
Increased Costs of Hedging: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
156.
Hedging Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
157.
Market Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
158.
Commodity Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
159.
Currency Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
160.
Fund Event: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
161.
Changed Calculation: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
162.
Corrections: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
163.
Correction Commodity: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
164.
Correction Currency: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
165.
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
166.
Interest Rate Fallback: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
 
7 
Include where early redemption provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 137 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 137 -
70-41081773 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
167.
Form of Instruments: 
[Registered Instruments: 
 
 
Global Registered Instrument registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for [Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/ [•]] 
 
 
[VP Instruments] 
 
 
[The Instruments are VP Instruments in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[VPS Instruments]: 
 
 
[The Instruments are VPS Instruments in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Swedish Instruments] 
 
 
[The 
Instruments 
are 
Swedish 
Instruments 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Finnish Instruments] 
 
 
[The 
Instruments 
are 
Finnish 
Instruments 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form] 
168.
Calculation Agent: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
169.
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/CORRA/HONIA/SONIA/SOFR/€S
TR/NIBOR/STIBOR/MOSPRIME/WIBOR/HIBOR/TI
BOR/insert name of index] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] / [As at the date hereof, the European Central 
Bank is not required to obtain authorisation under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [Not 
Applicable]  
170.
Governing Law: 
[English Law/ 
Finnish Law/ 
Swedish Law/ 
Norwegian Law/ 
Danish Law] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on the regulated market of 
the [Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq Stockholm/Nasdaq Helsinki/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/Oslo Børs/Nasdaq Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange]] of the Instruments described herein pursuant to 
the Programme for the Issuance of Warrants and Certificates of Nordea Bank Abp. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party information] 
has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 138 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 138 -
70-41081773 
 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 139 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 139 -
70-41081773 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
[Not Applicable/Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the [Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/ 
Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange/NASDAQ First North 
Stockholm/ NASDAQ First North Helsinki/ NASDAQ 
First North Copenhagen] with effect from [•]]. 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to the official list 
and to trading on the [Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext 
Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki]/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/ 
Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange/ NASDAQ First North 
Stockholm/ NASDAQ First North Helsinki/ NASDAQ 
First North Copenhagen] with effect from [•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Commencement Date:  
[[•] / Not Applicable / The Issue Date / The first day on 
which the Instruments are formally quoted or traded, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Reference 
Prices used to determine the Reference Price Delta and the 
Reference Price Differential on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be determined 
in accordance with the Reference Price Determination 
Method, unless the Issuer notifies the Holders (in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)) that the 
Reference Prices used to make such determinations shall 
be the intra-day prices determined at a time notified to the 
Holders.] 
 
Listing Currency: 
[SEK / EUR / DKK / NOK / GBP / USD / PLN / RUB / 
HKD / JPY / Specify] 
 
Trading Lot: 
[[•] ([•]) [specify relevant warrant or certificate] 
constitutes one (1) Trading Lot [A maximum of [•] ([•]) 
[specify relevant warrant or certificate] are offered at any 
given time, i.e. the maximum number of [specify relevant 
warrant or certificate] in respect of which the Issuer quotes 
prices]/Not Applicable]. 
2.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement(s): 
["Save for any fees payable to Authorised Offerors or other third party distributors (if any) in connection 
with the distribution of the Instruments, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Instruments has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[In connection with the issuance and offer of the Instruments, the Issuer will make use of the marketing and 
customer support services of Nordnet Bank ("Nordnet"). The Issuer will compensate Nordnet for such 
services.] 
[In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Nordnet (the "Nordnet Agreement") under the 
terms of which Nordnet will make the Instruments available on Nordnet's online trading platform. Nordnet 
will receive compensation under the agreement.] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES

--- Page 140 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 140 -
70-41081773 
 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Instruments 
will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Issuer and the Nordea 
Group. 
/ 
[Specify 
alternative 
purpose 
if 
applicable].]  
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[[•]/The net proceeds will be determined on the 
basis of the number of Instruments sold during the 
Offer Period multiplied by the relevant Offer Price, 
net of any applicable fees and expenses.]] 
[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]] 
4.
[INITIAL PRICE] 
Instrument Trading Code/ 
ISIN 
Initial Price 
[•] 
[[SEK [•]] / [EUR [•]] / [DKK [•]] / [NOK [•]] / [GBP [•]] / 
[USD [•]] / [PLN [•]] / [RUB [•]] / [HKD [•]] / [JPY [•]]/ [•]]
 
[specify 
Instrument 
Trading 
Code(s)] 
[specify Initial Price per instrument, as applicable] 
5.
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING ASSET(S) 
 
[Need to include details of where information about the past and the future performance of the Underlying 
Asset(s) and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge, relevant table for the Underlying Assets(s) to be selected from the options below.]

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
[Instrumen
t  
Trading 
Code/ISIN] 
[Underlyin
g  
Asset(s) / 
Issuer] 
[Underlyin
g Asset 
ISIN] 
[Number  
of 
Instrument
s] 
[Barrie
r level] 
[Multiplier
] 
[Leverag
e Factor] 
[Base 
Rate 
Margin
] 
[Reference 
Price and 
Currency] 
[Referen
ce 
Source] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Even
t] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Level
] 
[Stop Loss 
Reference 
Price] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Rollover 
Date(s)] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Buffer / 
Maximu
m Stop 
Loss 
Buffer] 
[Stop Loss 
Observation 
Period] 
[Valuatio
n Time] 
[Valuatio
n Date] 
[Translatio
n Rate] 
[Cross 
Rate] 
[Crossi
ng 
Curren
cy] 
[Exchang
e Rate 
Referenc
e Source] 
[Exchanmg
e Rate 
Reference 
Time] 
[Relevant 
Screen 
Page] 
[Refere
nce 
Price 
Determi
nation 
Method
]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/ 
[Instrument  
Trading 
Code/ISIN] 
[Underlying  
Asset(s) / 
Issuer] 
[Underlying 
Asset ISIN] 
[Number  
of 
Instruments] 
[Multiplier] 
[Financing 
Level] 
[Reference 
Source] 
[Base 
Rate 
Margin] 
[Stop Loss 
Buffer /  
Maximum 
Stop Loss 
Buffer] 
[Base 
Rate 1/ 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page] 
[Base 
Rate 2/ 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page] 
[Reference 
Price] 
[Reference Price 
Determination 
Method] 
 
[Valuation 
Time] 
[Translation 
Rate] 
[Cross 
Rate] 
[Crossing 
Currency] 
[Exchange 
Rate 
Reference 
Source] 
[Exchange 
Rate 
Reference 
Time] 
[Stop Loss 
Reference 
Price] 
[FX 
Underlying] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/ 
 
[Instrument  
Trading 
Code/ISIN] 
[Underlying  
Asset(s) / 
Issuer] 
[Underlying 
Asset ISIN] 
[Number  
of 
Instruments] 
[Multiplier] 
[Financing 
Level] 
[Reference 
Price and 
Currency] 
[Reference 
Source] 
[Base 
Rate 
Margin] 
[Stop Loss 
Buffer /  
Maximum 
Stop Loss 
Buffer] 
[Base 
Rate] 
[Relevant 
Screen 
Page] 
[Reference Price 
Determination 
Method] 
[Reference 
Price] 
[Valuation 
Time] 
[Translation 
Rate] 
[Cross 
Rate] 
[Crossing 
Currency] 
[Exchange Rate 
Reference 
Source] 
[Exchange Rate Reference 
Time] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/ 
 
Instrument Trading Code/ ISIN
Underlying Asset(s) [and]/ Issuer
Underlying Asset ISIN
[Weight]/ 
[Number 
of 
Instruments]
[Max 
level]/ 
[Multiplier] 
[Barrier Level]
[Strike 
Price/Underlying 
Amount/ Financing Level/ 
Strike Level]
[Reference 
Price 
and 
Currency]/ 
[Expiration 
Date] 
[and] 
[Settlement 
Date]
Reference Source/ Market(s) 
on which the Underlying 
Asset(s) is/are admitted to 
trading
[Base Rate Margin]
[Max 
Level]/[Leverage 
Factor]
[Stop 
Loss 
Buffer] 
/[Maximum 
Stop 
Loss 
Buffer]
[Base Rate]
[share / index / depository receipt / bond /exchange 
rate / commodity / fund /  interest rate / basket / 
futures contract]
[[•]/0 
(zero)/Base 
Rate 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
[share / index / depository receipt / bond /exchange 
rate / commodity / fund /  interest rate / basket / 
futures contract]
[[•]/0 
(zero)/Base 
Rate 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
/

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
[Instrument  
Trading 
Code / ISIN] 
[Underlying  
Asset(s) / 
Issuer] 
[Underlying 
Asset ISIN] 
[Number  
of 
Instruments] 
[Multiplier] 
[Leverage 
Factor] 
[Base 
Rate 
Margin] 
[Reference 
Price and 
Currency] 
[Reference 
Source] 
 [Relevant 
Screen 
Page] 
[Base 
Rate 
Floor] 
[Reference 
Price 
Determination 
Method] 
[Valuation 
Time] 
[Initial 
Translation 
Rate] 
[Translation 
Rate] 
[Cross 
Rate] 
[Crossing 
Currency] 
[Exchange 
Rate 
Reference 
Source] 
[Exchange 
Rate 
Reference 
Time] 
[Stop Loss 
Level] 
[Stop Loss 
Reference 
Price] 
[Stop Loss 
Rollover 
Date(s] 
[Stop Loss 
Buffer /  
Maximum 
Stop Loss 
Buffer] 
[Stop Loss 
Observation 
Period] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/ 
[For use (a) where a single Final Terms will cover (i) a series of mini-future notes, and (ii) a series of unlimited turbo long notes, and (b) any other Instruments where relevant] 
Seri
es 
[Instru
ment 
Type] 
[Type of 
Mini 
Future/
Unlimite
d 
Turbo:] 
[Instru
ment  
Trading 
Code / 
ISIN] 
[Unde
rlying  
Asset(
s) / 
Issuer
] 
[Unde
rlying 
Asset 
ISIN] 
[Numbe
r  
of 
Instrum
ents] 
[Multiplie
r] 
[Lever
age 
Factor
] 
[Base 
Rate 
Margi
n] 
[Bas
e 
Rat
e] 
[Referen
ce Price 
and 
Currenc
y] 
[Referen
ce 
Source] 
 
[Releva
nt 
Screen 
Page] 
[Bas
e 
Rate 
Floo
r] 
[Refer
ence 
Price 
Deter
minati
on 
Metho
d] 
[Referen
ce Price] 
[Valuati
on 
Time] 
[Closing 
Price 
followin
g Stop 
Loss 
Event] 
[Initial 
Translat
ion 
Rate] 
[Translati
on Rate] 
[Cross 
Rate] 
[Crossin
g 
Currenc
y] 
[Exchan
ge Rate 
Referen
ce 
Source] 
[Exchan
ge Rate 
Referen
ce Time] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Level] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Referen
ce Price] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Rollover 
Date(s] 
[[Stop 
Loss 
Buffer] 
[and]   
[Maxim
um Stop 
Loss 
Buffer]] 
[Stop 
Loss 
Obse
rvati
on 
Perio
d]

--- Page 143 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 143 -
70-41081773 
 
 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.  
The information below comprises extracts from, or summaries of, information which is in the public domain. The 
Issuer assumes responsibility for the information being correctly reproduced. However, the Issuer has not 
conducted any independent verification of the information and assumes no liability for the information being 
correct. 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is an index] 
 
Index's designation: 
[•] 
 
Index provider: 
[•] 
 
Description:  
[•] 
 
Additional information:  
Additional information regarding the index is available on 
[Internet address] 
 
Disclaimers: 
[insert applicable disclaimer text in accordance with any 
licence agreement] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a basket] 
 
Basket's designation: 
[•] 
 
Index calculator or issuer of Basket Components: 
[•] 
 
Information regarding Basket Component 
Additional information about the Basket Component is 
available on [Internet address]. 
 
Basket 
Component 
Basket Component 
ISIN/Code 
Type of asset 
Basket Weight 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[share] 
[index] 
[depository 
receipt] [bond] [exchange rate] 
[commodity] [fund] [interest 
rate] [basket] [futures contract] 
[•] 
 
[Cash] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Cash Value] 
 
 
[Where the Underlying Assets comprise a Mini Futures Basket Long] 
 
Cash Component: 
Long Asset: 
Short Asset: 
Basket Weight: 
[•] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
Long Asset: [•] 
Short Asset: [•] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a commodity, exchange rate, interest rate, forward contract or futures 
contract] 
 
Underlying Asset's designation:  
[•] 
 
Description:  
[[•]/The futures contract referencing [•], which in the opinion 
of the Issuer has the shortest remaining term of the cash settled 
futures contracts listed on the Reference Source] [and which is 
sufficiently liquid] 
/futures contracts with expiration of [•] in each year [are 
used]/The rate of exchange between [•] and [•] quoted on the 
Reference Source.] 
 
Historical rate /Rate diagram:  
[Rate diagram covering one year, where available]

--- Page 144 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 144 -
70-41081773 
 
 
Rolling of Futures Contracts: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Roll Date(s): 
[[•]/Any day from and including [•] /The [•] Scheduled 
Trading Day [in the month] prior to expiration of the relevant 
futures contract] 
 
Additional information:  
Additional information regarding an Underlying Asset is 
available on [Internet address]. 
 
Disclaimer: 
[insert disclaimer language as applicable in accordance with 
any license agreement] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a fund] 
 
Fund's designation: 
[•] 
 
Description: 
The "Fund" was started on [date] and has its registered office 
in [city] in [country]. Assets under management as per [date] 
were [currency] [•]. The Fund's investment focus is [•]. 
(Source [source]. 
 
Historical rate /Rate diagram:  
[Rate diagram covering one year, where available] 
 
Additional information:  
The Fund maintains a web site on [Internet address]. 
 
Management Company: 
[•] 
 
Authorisation: 
[Central Bank of Ireland/other [specify competent authority].] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[[•]/As specified in the table above] 
 
Common Code: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification number, if 
applicable]: 
[Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear Finland / 
Euroclear Sweden / VP / Euronext VPS / [•]]  
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional [Paying 
Agent(s) / VP Issuing Agent(s) / VPS Paying 
Agent(s) / Swedish Issuing Agent(s)/Finnish 
Issuing Agent(s)] (if any): 
[Not applicable/ [Give name and address]] 
 
Market Maker: 
[Nordea / Not Applicable] 
7.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable. The Instruments will not be distributed by 
way of Public Offer.] 
 
 
[The Issuer intends to use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with a Public Offer of the Instruments during the period from 
and including [specify date/the Commencement Date] to and 
including [specify date/the Expiration Date] (the "Offer 
Period") in [[Ireland,] [Norway,] [Sweden,] [Finland,] [and]

--- Page 145 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 145 -
70-41081773 
 
[Denmark] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions), but does not 
consent to the use of the Base Prospectus by any person other 
than the Issuer.][The Issuer has consented to the Instruments 
being made available on Nordnet's online trading platform.] 
 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of the Instruments during the 
period from and including [specify date/the Commencement 
Date] to and including [specify date/the Expiration Date] (the 
"Offer 
Period") 
by 
[insert 
names 
of 
financial 
intermediaries/Nordnet] [via its online trading platform] in 
[[Ireland,] [Norway,] [Sweden,] [Finland,] [and] [Denmark] 
("Public Offer Jurisdictions") [and subject to the following 
conditions: [set out clear and objective conditions], for so long 
as they are authorised to make such offers under the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended). 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]8 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]9 
 
Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable. The Instruments will initially be created 
and held by the Issuer for its own account, in order that they 
are available for resale to prospective investors from time to 
time. The Instruments will be offered for purchase over the 
relevant securities exchange at the price that is the official 
price quoted on the securities exchange from time to time].  
 
Expenses included in the Offer Price: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
[The Issuer reserves its rights to cancel the offer under the 
following circumstances; 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of Instruments purchased on or 
before [insert date] is less than [insert amount];  
 
 
(b) 
the [insert relevant variable] cannot be set at 
[relevant value corresponding to the indicated 
minimum value]; or 
 
 
(c) 
if any event of an economic, financial or political 
nature occurs and which may jeopardise a successful 
offer, as determined by the Issuer]. 
 
 
[The Issuer may also replace any Underlying Asset listed in 
the table(s) above at any time on or prior to [insert date] with 
a comparable type of underlying Asset]. 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/[•]/Prospective investors should purchase 
Instruments through an intermediary that is a direct or indirect 
member of the relevant securities exchange where the 
Instruments are admitted to trading] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants:  
[Not Applicable [Instruments will be offered for purchase over 
the relevant securities exchange and there will be no offer for 
subscription]/[•]/The terms on which any subscriptions may be 
reduced will be determined in accordance with the terms and 
 
8 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or if a KID has been prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the offer of the Instruments may constitute "packaged" products and no KID has been prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or if a KID has been prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the offer of the Instruments may constitute "packaged" products and no KID has been prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 146 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 146 -
70-41081773 
 
conditions agreed between the relevant investor and the 
relevant distributor or Authorised Offeror.] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for paying 
up and delivering the Instruments: 
[Not Applicable [purchases of Instruments will be settled in 
accordance with the standard procedures of the relevant 
settlement system]/[•]/The Issuer will use reasonable 
endeavours to settle any application to purchase instruments 
promptly following the communication of any order by a 
distributor or Authorised Offeror. Arrangements for the 
delivery of the Instruments to investors, and payment of the 
applicable purchase price, will be determined in accordance 
with the procedures agreed between the relevant investor and 
the relevant distributor or Authorised Offeror.] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable.] [Following the Offer Period a Final Terms 
Confirmation Announcement will be published by the Irish 
Listing Agent. Instruments will be made available for sale on 
a continuing basis and therefore may be purchased at any time 
throughout their life and at a variety of different prices 
depending on prevailing market conditions at the time of 
purchase.] [Instruments will be made available for sale on a 
continuing basis and therefore may be purchased at any time 
throughout their life and at a variety of different prices 
depending on prevailing market conditions at the time of 
purchase]/[•]] 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights and 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]] 
 
[Categories of potential investors to which the 
Instruments are offered and whether tranche(s) 
have been reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]] 
 
[Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable [Instruments will be offered for purchase over 
the relevant securities exchange and therefore the Issuer will 
not provide notification of allotments/[•]]/Notification of 
allotments will be provided by the relevant distributor or 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with the terms and 
conditions agreed between the relevant investor and such 
distributor or authorised offeror.]] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable /[•]/[In connection with the issuance of this 
type of Instruments, the Issuer incurs costs for, among other 
things, production, distribution, licences, [stock exchange 
listing] and risk management. In order to cover these costs, the 
Issuer charges production fees. The production fee is included 
in the purchase price charged by the Issuer to the relevant 
purchaser, distributor or Authorised Offeror and will amount 
to a maximum of [•]per cent ([•] per cent per year), calculated 
on the price of the Instruments]. 
[A distribution fee of up to [•] per cent: ([•] per cent. per year) 
calculated on the price of the Instrument will be paid by the 
Issuer to the Authorised Offeror. The distribution fee is 
included in the purchase price charged by the Issuer.] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the Authorised Offerors in the 
various countries where the offer takes place. 
[None/[•]] 
[Address: [[•]]

--- Page 147 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 147 -
70-41081773 
 
[DISCLAIMERS] 
[Insert applicable disclaimer text with respect to index providers, in accordance with any applicable license agreement] 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Instruments are [not] subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended.]10 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
[To be inserted] 
 
10 
The Instruments should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, if they (i) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be 
"qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Instruments and are issued prior to 1 January 2025. Delta-
One Instruments, or Non-Delta-One Instruments issued on or after 1 January 2025, that reference a U.S. equity or index that contains 
any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Instruments.

--- Page 148 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 148 -
70-41081773 
 
THE NORDEA GROUP 
General 
The Nordea Group is a leading bank in the Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) measured by total income. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Nordea Group had total assets of EUR 584.7 billion and tier 1 capital of EUR 26.8 billion, and 
was amongst the largest Nordic based asset managers with EUR 378.5 billion in assets under management. The Nordea Group's 
total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2023 was EUR 11,743 million. 
The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to household and corporate 
customers, including financial institutions. The Nordea Group's products and services comprise a broad range of household 
banking services, including mortgages and consumer loans, credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of savings, life 
insurance and pension products. In addition, the Nordea Group offers a wide range of corporate banking services, including 
business loans, cash management, payment and account services, risk management products and advisory services, debt and 
equity-related products for liquidity and capital raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, institutional asset management 
services and corporate life and pension products. The Nordea Group also distributes general insurance products. With over 
300 branch office locations, call centres in each of the Nordic markets, and a highly competitive net bank, the Nordea Group 
also has amongst the largest distribution networks for customers in the Nordic markets. 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, is organised under the laws of Finland and is headquartered in 
Helsinki. Its ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki (in euro), Stockholm (in Swedish 
krona) and Copenhagen (in Danish krone).  
Strategy  
The strategic priorities under Nordea's business plan for the 2022 to 2025 period are to create the best possible omnichannel 
customer experience, to drive focused and profitable growth and to increase operational and capital efficiency. Nordea aims 
to deliver great omnichannel customer experiences, both digitally and in person, with a firm focus on expert advice and 
customer support. Investments will focus on organic growth and on Nordea's key capabilities in areas such as digitalisation, 
data and sales and service capabilities. Nordea will continue to optimise its business portfolio and manage its capital base 
efficiently to pursue capital excellence and plans to maintain its strong capital generation, which Nordea expects will enable 
growth in business volumes, potential bolt-on acquisitions and significant shareholder distributions. 
Legal Structure 
Nordea Group 
The following chart sets forth the main legal structure of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 149 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 149 -
70-41081773 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In September 2017, the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) decided to initiate the Re-domiciliation, that is, the re-
domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, which is participating in the EU's banking 
union. The Re-domiciliation was carried out through a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption through which 
Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation, was merged into its wholly 
owned subsidiary Nordea Bank Abp (i.e., the Merger). Nordea Bank Abp was established specifically for the purpose of the 
Merger and became the new parent company of the Nordea Group upon the completion of the Merger on 1 October 2018. For 
accounting and legal purposes, Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp by way of universal succession in accordance with relevant Finnish and 
Swedish corporate law and the transactions of Nordea Bank AB were treated as being those of Nordea Bank Abp. Nordea 
Bank AB (publ)'s shareholders received as merger consideration one new share in Nordea Bank Abp for each share in Nordea 
Bank AB (publ) that they owned. The day-to-day business operations of the Nordea Group, including in its Nordic home 
markets, did not change as a result of the Re-domiciliation. 
Nordea Group's Organisation 
Overview 
The Nordea Group's organisational structure is built around four main business areas: Personal Banking, Business Banking, 
Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition to the business areas, the Nordea Group's 
organisation includes Group Functions, which covers the following Group functions: Group Business Support, Group Finance, 
Group Risk, Group Compliance, Chief of Staff Office, Group Legal, Group People, Group Brand, Communication and 
Marketing and Group Internal Audit.  
Business Areas  
The following chart sets forth the Nordea Group's organisation as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Branch – Nordea Bank Abp also operates branches in Estonia, Poland, London, New York and Shanghai. 
Legal entity. 
Holding company. 
______________ 
(1) 
Held through the holding company Nordea Pension Holding Danmark A/S. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Finland 
Nordea Investment 
Management AB 
Sweden 
Nordea Investment 
Funds S.A. 
Luxembourg 
Nordea Asset 
Management 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Nordea  
Funds Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Kredit 
Realkredit-
aktieselskab 
Denmark 
Nordea Mortgage 
Bank Plc 
Finland 
Nordea Eiendoms-
kreditt AS 
Norway 
Nordea Hypotek 
AB (publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Finans 
Danmark A/S 
Denmark 
Nordea Finans 
Sverige AB (publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Finance 
Finland Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Finans 
Norge AS 
Norway 
Nordea Finance 
Equipment AS 
Norway 
Nordea Bank Abp, 
filial i Sverige 
Sweden 
Nordea Bank Abp, 
filial i Norge 
Norway 
Nordea Danmark, 
Filial af Nordea 
Bank Abp, Finland
Denmark 
Nordea 
Livförsäkring 
Sverige AB (publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Life 
Assurance Finland 
Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Livs 
Forsikring AS 
Norway 
Nordea Life 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Nordea Pension,
Livforsikrings- 
   selskab A/S(1) 
Denmark

--- Page 150 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 150 -
70-41081773 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Not a member of the Group Leadership Team 
** As disclosed by Nordea in a stock exchange release on 17 October 2024, the following changes in Nordea's Group Leadership Team will, 
provided that regulatory approval is granted, take effect as of 1 January 2025. Martin Persson will become head of Asset & Wealth 
Management, Snorre Storset will step down as head of Asset & Wealth Management and Petteri Änkilä will become head of Large Corporates 
& Institutions. Petteri Änkilä is currently CEO of Nordea Life & Pension and before that he was the head of Nordea's Finnish Large Corporates 
& Institutions business unit. 
Personal Banking 
The Personal Banking business area offers household customers easy and convenient everyday banking and advice. It strives 
to create great omnichannel experiences by providing a full range of financial services and products through a combination of 
digital channels and in-person interactions. It has operations in all four Nordic countries.  
Personal Banking comprises the customer units (Personal Banking Denmark, Personal Banking Finland, Personal Banking 
Norway, Personal Banking Sweden), Products & Development, One Digital, Personal Banking COO Organisation and Data, 
Digital Sales & Engagement. The Products & Development unit is responsible for lending and deposit products and related 
product offerings for household customers. The mortgage companies in all four Nordic countries also belong to the Products 
& Development unit. The Consumer Finance unit manages the consumer finance business in collaboration with the country 
banking units and includes digital sales and consumer lending teams. The ambition is to establish new and scale existing 
consumer finance business. One Digital develops and delivers digital services, solutions and experiences for all customers 
within Nordea, even though the unit is anchored in Personal Banking. This primarily covers mobile banking, Nordea's netbanks, 
Nora and Nova, the platform for digital sales, digital design and digital customer experience. The Personal Banking COO 
Organisation provides internal support to all Personal Banking units by maintaining and developing the core Personal Banking 
Nordea Group 
President and  
Group  CEO  
 
Frank Vang-Jensen 
Group Internal Audit 
Virpi Vuorinen* 
Asset & Wealth 
Management  
Snorre Storset** 
Large Corporates and 
Institutions 
Martin A Persson** 
Personal Banking 
 
Sara Mella 
Group Finance 
 
Ian Smith 
Business Banking 
 
Nina Arkilahti 
Group Compliance 
Jamie Graham 
Group People 
 
Christina Gadeberg 
Group Legal  
 
Jussi Koskinen 
Group Brand, 
Communication and Marketing
Ulrika Romantschuk 
Group Risk 
 
Mark Kandborg  
Chief of Staff Office 
 
Johan Ekwall* 
Group Business 
Support  
Erik Ekman

--- Page 151 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 151 -
70-41081773 
 
systems and the banking platforms. The Data, Digital Sales & Engagement unit is responsible for digital sales and engagement, 
Personal Banking analytics and process and data management. 
Business Banking 
The Business Banking business area offers banking and advisory products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises. 
Business Banking also includes the product and specialist units Transaction Banking, which provides payment and transaction 
services, and Nordea Finance, which provides asset-based lending and receivables finance. It has operations in all four Nordic 
countries.  
Transaction organisation provides services to all personal and corporate customers across the Nordic region. Services include 
payments, cash management, cards, mobile payments, trade finance, point of sale financing, and working capital management. 
Nordea Finance provides sales financing, equipment investment financing and asset-based financing solutions to customers. 
The Business Banking COO Organisation has the responsibility across a number of key functions, service development, data 
management and operations that support Business Banking, Transaction Banking and Nordea Finance.  
Large Corporates & Institutions 
The Large Corporates & Institutions business area provides financial solutions to large Nordic corporate and institutional 
customers. It also services a broad range of Nordea customers through the product and specialist units Markets and Investment 
Banking & Equities, and through the international corporate branches in New York, Shanghai and London. By combining the 
entire value chain from customer units through product units to operations, Large Corporates & Institutions can leverage from 
the scale and quality of its franchise and create great customer experiences for Nordic as well as designated international 
customers. Value-adding solutions provide the Nordea Group's customers with access to financing in the capital markets and 
with tailored financial tools to optimise their business and manage their risks.  
The Large Corporates & Institutions business area includes the business units Large Corporates & Institutions in each of the 
four Nordic countries (LC&I Denmark, LC&I Finland, LC&I Norway, LC&I Sweden and International Division), Private 
Equity & International Institutions, Investment Banking & Equities, Markets, as well as LC&I People, LC&I Office, Large 
Corporates & Institutions COO Organisation and ESG.  
Asset & Wealth Management 
The Asset & Wealth Management business area offers an extensive range of savings products through internal and external 
distribution channels. It has operations in all four Nordic countries and asset management sales offices in several locations 
worldwide.   
Asset Management is responsible for actively managed investment funds and discretionary mandates for institutional clients. 
The division includes the units Fixed Income & Equities, Multi Asset, Trading & Operations, Technology, Product Office, 
Institutional & Wholesale Distribution, Finance, Governance and Management Support.   
Wealth Management is organised in four units, one in each Nordic country. Each of the units includes Private Banking and 
Investment and Securities Advisory and provides customers with private banking services and investment advice from over 
60 branches in the Nordic region. The Nordea Group operates its Private Banking business through an integrated model with 
Personal Banking.   
Life & Pension serves both the individual and the corporate customers segments with traditional as well as unit-linked products 
and providing life insurance, pensions products and services, Nordea Funds providing funds to the Nordea distribution network 
and Digital Wealth responsible for developing digital savings offerings. Life & Pension is an insurance group and a leading 
provider of life insurance, pension products and services in eight countries in Europe. Life & Pension serves both the individual 
and corporate segments with traditional as well as unit-linked products. The customers are served through banking branches, 
Life & Pension's own sales force or via tied agents, brokers and to a small extent other financial institutions. The operations 
are conducted through legal entities, most of which are wholly owned by Nordea Life Holding AB.  
In addition Asset & Wealth Management business area includes the business supporting units Investment Centre, AWM COO 
and AWM Office. 
Group Functions  
Group Business Support  
Group Business Support provides the business areas with the services, data and technology infrastructure, and three largest 
processes (lending operations, credit process and anti-money laundering processes needed) and drives optimisation of 
operational efficiencies. Group Business Support, includes the units Technology, Group Data Management Office, Operations, 
Group Architecture, Group Credit Management and Group Financial Crime Prevention. The organisation is responsible for 
ensuring one operating model at Nordea by harmonising processes and services in accordance with the Nordea Group's 
priorities to leverage commonalities and realise synergies.

--- Page 152 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 152 -
70-41081773 
 
Group Finance 
Group Finance comprises Nordea's main financial management units that aim to drive financial performance management, 
provide high-quality and efficient financial reporting and planning across the Group, including financial and business control 
and analysis, to meet business needs and regulatory requirements. Group Finance works to secure optimisation and prudent 
management of funding, capital, liquidity and market risks in the banking book as well as one operating model and operational 
excellence across the Nordea Group in the finance processes. Group Finance provides the Nordea Group with Group asset and 
liability management, treasury operations, Group-wide reporting, controlling and procurement services and with strategic 
frameworks to all areas of the bank. Group Finance includes, among others, Group Treasury & ALM, Investor Relations and 
the financial reporting, accounting and financial management units.  
Group Risk  
Group Risk is the independent risk control function of the Nordea Group. Together with Group Compliance, it constitutes the 
Nordea Group's second line of defence. Group Risk oversees the implementation of the Nordea Group's financial and non-
financial risk policies (excluding compliance risks) and monitors and controls its Risk Management Framework, including the 
identification, assessment, monitoring, management and reporting of key risks that Nordea is or the Nordea Group could be 
exposed to. 
Group Compliance  
Group Compliance is the Nordea Group's independent compliance function. Together with Group Risk, it constitutes the 
Nordea Group's second line of defence. Group Compliance is responsible for monitoring and overseeing the compliance risks 
that the Nordea Group is or could be exposed to. It covers the Nordea Group's entire operations, including subsidiaries and 
outsourced activities.  
Group People, Group Legal and Group Brand, Communication & Marketing 
Group People provides strategic partnering, support and service in all people matters. Group Legal provides legal services and 
advice applying Nordic rules and regulations in core legal areas as well as directly applicable EU rules in the corresponding 
areas. Group Brand, Communication & Marketing consists, amongst others, of the units Group Corporate Communication and 
Group Marketing and Channels and provides services in the areas of communication, marketing and branding. 
Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of business, the Nordea Group and the Issuer face operational and legal risks potentially resulting 
in reputational impacts, fines, sanctions, disputes, losses and/or litigation. The Nordea Group is involved in a variety of claims, 
disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. Such claims are mainly related 
to lending and insolvency situations, various investment services, and sub-custody and withholding taxation matters.  
Following investigations conducted by the authorities into anti-money laundering controls in 2015 and earlier, the Danish 
National Special Crime Unit announced on 5 July 2024 that it will commence court proceedings and filed a formal charge 
against Nordea. Based on Nordea's interpretation of Danish law, Nordea does not agree with the content of the charges nor the 
legal assessment made by the authorities, a position supported by three separate external legal assessments. As previously 
disclosed, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak anti-money laundering processes and procedures in the past and 
has made a provision for ongoing anti-money laundering matters. Based on current circumstances, and supported by the three 
separate external legal assessments, Nordea believes that the current provision is adequate to cover this matter. The Nordea 
Group and the Issuer are also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. These types of claims, 
disputes, legal proceedings and investigations expose the Nordea Group and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs) direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of 
licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities, as well as the potential for 
regulatory restrictions on its businesses. See also "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in 
which the Nordea Group Operates—Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business".   
On 27 August 2024, Nordea announced that it had entered into a consent order and reached a final resolution with the NYDFS 
following an investigation by the NYDFS related to the adequacy of Nordea's anti-money laundering programme during the 
period from 2008 to 2019. After the publication of the so-called "Panama papers" in April 2016, the NYDFS commenced 
investigations on various aspects of the operations of financial institutions implicated in the Panama papers. The NYDFS's 
investigation into the anti-money laundering programme of Nordea concerned Nordea's former processes, policies and controls 
to prevent money laundering and its former compliance framework, including those of Nordea's closed international branch in 
Vesterport, Denmark and Nordea's former operations in the Baltic countries. Following the completion of its investigation, the 
NYDFS found that Nordea's anti-money laundering programme subject to the investigation had been deficient, that Nordea 
had failed to adequately conduct due diligence on its correspondent banks, and that Nordea's transaction monitoring system 
had been inadequate. Nordea cooperated fully with the NYDFS regarding this matter and accepted the terms of the consent 
order that resolved the matter without further proceedings, including a fine totalling USD 35 million. The amount payable to

--- Page 153 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 153 -
70-41081773 
 
the NYDFS was included as a cost in the financial results of the Nordea Group for the third quarter of 2024 and had no material 
impact on the financial position of the Nordea Group. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and none of the governmental, administrative, legal or arbitration proceedings 
to which the Nordea Group is party (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the board of 
directors of the Issuer is aware) have had in the previous 12 months or are considered likely to have any significant adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group or its financial position. 
Capital Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations  
General 
As a result of the global financial crisis that extended from August 2007 through the early part of 2009, and following a review 
of the existing regulatory framework, a number of initiatives aimed at tightening the regulatory standards applicable to financial 
institutions, in particular those deemed to be systemically important, were introduced. One of the most important regulatory 
initiatives following the crisis was Basel III, which was a comprehensive proposal by the BCBS for reforms to the regulatory 
capital and liquidity framework for internationally active banks. The Basel III framework has been transposed into law in the 
EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the CRR. The CRR currently applies in all EU Member States without 
further national implementation. Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force in 
2014.  
On 7 June 2019, the banking package that comprises of revisions to CRR, the Capital Requirements Directive, SRM Regulation 
as well as BRRD was published in the Official Journal. The banking package also included (i) the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
and (ii) phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" and the ongoing 
interaction of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" with the regulatory framework. The banking package covers multiple areas, 
including the pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds 
and eligible liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for MREL and the integration of the FSB TLAC standard 
into EU legislation. The initial elements entered into force on 27 June 2019. Subject to several exceptions, the main elements 
of the Capital Requirements Directive became applicable on 29 December 2020 and the main elements of CRR II (as defined 
below) became applicable on 28 June 2021. The Finnish national transposition of the Capital Requirements Directive 
amendments entered into force on 1 April 2021. On 26 June 2020, a so-called CRR "quick fix" was implemented with the 
intention to ensure that banks could continue to lend money to support the economy and help mitigate the significant economic 
impact of the coronavirus pandemic. The package included selected targeted amendments to the CRR with the intention to 
maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to the coronavirus pandemic. Among the changes, the quick 
fix implemented the extended SME factor and the changed treatment of software at an earlier date then earlier decided. The 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive created a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt and has been implemented as a matter of 
domestic law in Finland primarily through the introduction of updates to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions that took effect 
as of 15 November 2018 and that regulate, among others, the ranking of "non-preferred" senior debt in the bankruptcy of a 
credit institution. 
Capital and Liquidity Requirements 
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8.0 per cent. of the REA and, 
under Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II"), institutions 
are also subject to a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. to be met with tier 1 capital. In addition to this minimum 
requirement, supervisors may add extra capital requirements to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum 
required under CRD) and the Nordea Group may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital. The Capital Requirements 
Directive also imposes capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital requirement and required to be 
met with common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The Capital Requirements Directive imposes certain restrictions, among others, 
on institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement, as described in further detail below. 
The Nordea Group is identified as an Other Systemically Important Institution ("O-SII"). Pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions (Fi: laki luottolaitostoiminnasta (610/2014)) (the "Finnish Act on Credit Institutions"), the buffer is to be set at 
a level between 0 per cent. and 3 per cent. for O-SIIs. Furthermore, a systemic risk buffer within the meaning of Article 133 
of the Capital Requirements Directive has been implemented into Finnish law through amendments to the Finnish Act on 
Credit Institutions pursuant to which the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority ("FFSA") may impose a systemic risk buffer 
of 1 per cent. to 5 per cent. on Finnish credit institutions which has been applicable since 1 January 2019. A buffer requirement 
in excess of 3 per cent. requires the approval of the European Commission. 
After the implementation of Capital Requirements Directive V ("CRD V") the systemic risk buffer is additive with the O-SII 
buffer. The systemic risk buffer requirement was first set by the FFSA at 3 per cent. for the Nordea Group with effect from 1 
July 2019. The systemic risk buffer requirement was later removed on 6 April 2020 as a response to the coronavirus pandemic 
and only the 2 per cent. O-SII buffer was applicable. The O-SII buffer requirement for the Nordea Group was later increased 
to 2.5 per cent. with the effect from 1 January 2023. Further, the FFSA announced on 30 March 2023 that it will set a systemic

--- Page 154 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 154 -
70-41081773 
 
risk buffer requirement of 1 per cent. to Finnish credit institutions, including the Nordea Group, to be met by common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital by 1 April 2024. 
The ECB can also assess the adequacy of the systemic risk buffer set by the FFSA and, should the ECB at a later stage consider 
this buffer not to be adequate, it may set a higher systemic risk buffer requirement. 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the Capital Requirements Directive (the "Article 141 Restrictions"), EU 
Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement (broadly, the combination of 
the capital conservation buffer, the institution specific countercyclical buffer, the systemic risk buffer and the higher of 
(depending on the institution) the O-SII or G-SII buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be subject to restricted 
"discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly as payments relating to common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall in meeting its 
capital buffer requirements or, following full implementation of the banking package, a failure to meet the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer 
requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most recent decision on distribution of 
profits or "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a MDA for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling 
is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined 
buffer requirement, no "discretionary payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of 
the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend 
payments on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Nordea will, similar to all other banks supervised by the SSM, be allocated pillar 2 add-ons that are split between a pillar 2 
requirement and pillar 2 guidance. The level of both of these add-ons will be communicated by the ECB and the FFSA as part 
of the formal Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") by the EU Supervisory College. On 30 November 2023, 
Nordea received the ECB's Joint Decision on the latest SREP, which includes the pillar 2 requirement. In the Joint Decision, 
the pillar 2 requirement was maintained at 1.60 per cent. As outlined in the Capital Requirements Directive, banks must meet 
the pillar 2 requirement with at least 56.25 per cent of common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital requirement in the pillar 2 requirement was maintained at 0.90 per cent. 
The common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement for the third quarter of 2024 was approximately 13.5 per cent., 
including a minimum common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement of 4.5 per cent., a pillar 2 requirement of 0.9 per cent., 
a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., a buffer for other systemically important institutions of 2.5 per cent. and a 
countercyclical buffer of approximately 1.6 per cent. In addition, a systemic risk buffer of 1.4 per cent. applies, consisting of 
a 1.0 per cent. systemic risk buffer set by the Finnish FSA since 1 April 2024, and a Norwegian systemic risk buffer as 
reciprocated by the Finnish FSA from 1 July 2024. 
Additionally, under the banking package, Article 141a has been introduced to better clarify, for the purposes of restrictions on 
distributions, the relationship between the additional own funds requirements, the minimum own funds requirements and the 
combined buffer requirement (the so-called "stacking order"), with Article 141 of the Capital Requirements Directive 
amended to reflect the stacking order in the calculation of the MDA. Under this provision, an institution such as Nordea will 
be considered as failing to meet the combined buffer requirement for the purposes of Article 141 of the Capital Requirements 
Directive where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities in an amount and of the quality needed to meet at the same 
time the requirement defined in Article 128(6) of the Capital Requirements Directive (i.e., the combined buffer requirement) 
as well as each of the minimum own funds requirements and the additional own funds requirements. In addition, Article 16a 
of the BRRD has been introduced to better clarify the stacking order between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL 
requirement. Pursuant to this provision, a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more 
than the MDA for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 16a(4) of the BRRD) 
where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement are not met. The revisions to the Capital Requirements 
Directive have applied in full since 1 January 2022. 
The Capital Requirements Directive introduced two new liquidity requirements: the LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) and the 
NSFR. The LCR aims to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality assets that can be 
converted into cash to meet the bank's liquidity needs for a 30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress scenario. The 
NSFR, on the other hand, establishes a minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, based on the liquidity characteristics 
of an institution's assets and activities over a medium- to long-term horizon. These standards aim to set the minimum levels of 
liquidity for internationally active banks. The banking package included a binding NSFR requirement applicable from the 
second quarter of 2021 and requires an institution to hold sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year 
period under both normal and stressed conditions. 
Measures Related to Finalisation of Basel III 
On 7 December 2017, the BCBS announced that its oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision, had endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms proposed by the BCBS. As part of the reform 
process, the BCBS conducted a review of the standardised approaches and internal models of the capital requirement 
frameworks for credit and operational risk with a view to, among other things, reducing mechanistic reliance on external

--- Page 155 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 155 -
70-41081773 
 
ratings. In addition, the role of internal models was reviewed by the BCBS with the aim of improving comparability and 
address excessive variability in the capital requirements for credit risk. The BCBS also worked on the design of an output floor 
framework based on the revised standardised approaches for all risk types. This framework has replaced the capital floor for 
credit institutions using internal models, which was based on the Basel I standard. The BCBS also calibrated the floor alongside 
its other work on revising the risk-based capital framework. In addition, the BCBS also conducted a review of trading book 
capital standards, resulting in new minimum capital requirements for market risk. The revised standards, which require 
implementation in the EU prior to being applicable to the Nordea Group, were initially intended to take effect from 1 January 
2022 with the output floor being phased in over five years. However, because of the coronavirus pandemic, the implementation 
was deferred by one year; hence the revised BCBS standards took effect from 1 January 2023 with a five year phase in period 
for the output floor. The CRR II did not include the changes to the finalised Basel III as announced by BCBS in December 
2017; however, the revised market risk framework, as agreed by the BCBS in 2016 has been included in the CRR II. The 
market risk framework was revised by the BCBS in January 2019 and the full market risk framework is, therefore, expected 
to be implemented with the other BCBS changes at a later stage. 
The EU co-legislators reached a political agreement on the implementation of the finalisation of Basel III into EU regulations 
by amendments to the CRD and CRR (so-called "CRD 6" and "CRR 3"). The proposed CRD 6 and CRR 3 introduce an output 
floor, which operates as a lower limit for the capital requirements that banks calculate when using their internal models. The 
output floor will be applied both at a group and an individual institution level. The requirement will start to apply from 1 
January 2025 with the output floor being phased in, starting with 50 per cent. from 1 January 2025 with full implementation 
at 72.5 per cent. taking place from 1 January 2030. Transitional rules for the calculation of the REA for the output floor extend 
to the end of 2032. 
SRM 
The SRM Regulation is applicable to the Nordea Group. The SRM Regulation establishes the SRB that has resolution powers 
over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the national authorities as the relevant 
resolution authority with respect to such institutions. Where the SRB performs its duties and exercises powers under the SRM 
Regulation, the SRB is considered to operate as the relevant authority under the BRRD. The SRB prepares and adopts a 
resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, including the Nordea Group. It also determines, after consulting competent 
authorities including the ECB, an MREL requirement subject to write-down and conversion powers which such entities are 
required to meet at all times. The SRB publishes MREL policy that serves as the basis for determination of MREL requirement. 
The default MREL requirement consists of two elements: (i) a default loss-absorption amount, which reflects the losses that 
the bank will incur in resolution, and (ii) a recapitalisation amount, which reflects the capital needed to meet ongoing prudential 
requirements after resolution. The latter component is complemented by a market confidence charge necessary to ensure 
market confidence post-resolution. Both elements are based on the bank's capital requirements using the supervisory data of 
the previous year. The SRB also expects larger EU banks to meet a minimum subordination requirement that should generally 
be met by own funds and subordinated MREL eligible liabilities. G-SIIs are required to meet a Pillar 1 subordination 
requirement equal to 18 per cent. of total REA plus the combined buffer requirement and at least 6.75 per cent. of leverage 
ratio exposure ("LRE"). Banks with total assets that exceed EUR 100 billion (top tier banks') are required to meet a Pillar 1 
subordination requirement of 13.5 per cent. of total REA plus the combined buffer requirement and at least 5 per cent. of LRE. 
In addition, the SRB should require G-SIIs and top tier banks to achieve a subordination level equal to 8 per cent. of total 
liabilities and own funds. This level may be increased or decreased by the SRB based on conditions such as resolvability 
assessments including progress in removing potential impediments to resolvability, in particular relating to NCWOL risk. 
The SRB has set MREL requirements for the Nordea Group. As of 31 December 2023, the Nordea Group's MREL ratio was 
38.6 per cent. of REA and 10.0 per cent. of LRE. The subordinated MREL ratio was 31.2 per cent. of REA and 8.1 per cent. 
of LRE. During the second quarter of 2024, Nordea received the SRB's decision on the Nordea Group's updated MREL 
requirements. The new MREL requirements are 23.18 per cent. of REA (excluding the combined buffer requirement ("CBR")) 
and 7.14 per cent. of LRE. The new subordination requirements are 21.40 per cent. of REA (excluding CBR) and 7.14 per 
cent. of LRE. In addition, the amount of the subordination requirement shall at no time exceed the amount which corresponds 
to a value of 27 per cent. of REA minus CBR. The SRB assesses and updates the requirements annually. 
As part of the SRM, the EU-wide SRF managed by the SRB was established. The SRF commenced its operations as of 1 
January 2016. The SRF is a pool of funds provided by the banking sector which will be set up to ensure that medium-term 
funding support is available while a credit institution is being restructured. The SRB can use the SRF only for the purpose of 
ensuring the efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of the resolution powers referred to in the SRM Regulation 
and in accordance with the resolution objectives and the principles governing the resolution referred to in the SRM Regulation. 
The budget of the EU or the national budgets cannot be used to cover expenses or losses of the SRF. Banks, including Nordea, 
will have to make annual contributions to the SRF. The SRM Regulation lays down the basic rules on how to calculate the 
contributions of individual banks to the SRF. 
Capital Adequacy  
The Nordea Group needs to keep sufficient capital to cover all risks taken (required capital) over a foreseeable future. In order 
to do this, the Nordea Group strives to attain efficient use of capital through active management of the balance sheet with 
respect to different asset, liability and risk categories.

--- Page 156 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 156 -
70-41081773 
 
The Nordea Group uses a variety of capital measurements and capital ratios to manage its capital. The Nordea Group calculates 
its regulatory capital requirements under the CRD framework. The Nordea Group is approved by the financial supervisory 
authorities to use the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach when calculating the capital requirements for the main part of 
its credit portfolio. The Nordea Group uses the Foundation IRB approach to calculate own funds requirements for exposures 
towards institutional customers. Institutions constituted 4 per cent of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 
2023. For exposures towards corporate customers, the Nordea Group's main approach to calculate own funds requirement is 
the Advanced IRB approach, with minor parts of the portfolio subject to the Foundation IRB approach or standardised approach. 
The Advanced IRB approach covers banking and mortgage exposures in general in the Nordic countries and the international 
units. Foundation IRB is used for derivatives and securities lending exposures as well as exposures towards finance companies. 
Standardised approach is used for sovereign and equity exposures as well as a small segment of non-profit organisation 
customers in Denmark. Exposures to corporates includes exposures towards rated small and medium-sized enterprises and 
specialised lending. Corporate Advanced IRB and Foundation IRB represented 57 per cent and 7 per cent of total IRB risk 
weighted assets (RWA), respectively, at the end of 2023. The Nordea Group uses the Advanced IRB approach to calculate 
own funds requirements for banking and mortgage exposures towards retail customers in the Nordic countries as well as in 
Nordea Finance Finland. Other entities use the standardised approach to calculate own funds requirements for retail exposures. 
Retail exposures constituted 27 per cent. of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 2023. Nordea has obtained 
a temporary approval from the ECB to use IRB models when calculating own funds requirements for loans and leasing 
exposures in Norway and Sweden out of Nordea Finance Equipment. On 9 July 2024, Nordea received ECB approval for the 
new retail models which were implemented in the third quarter of 2024. This resulted in an increase of the Nordea Group's 
REA but will not result in changes to the Nordea Group's capital plans. The Nordea Group is also approved to use its own 
internal Value-at-Risk ("VaR") models to calculate capital requirements for the major parts of the market risk in the trading 
books.  
The Nordea Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital as of 30 September 2024 was EUR 24.3 billion, an increase from 
EUR 23.6 billion at the end of 2023. The increased common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital as of 30 September 2024 reflected 
profit generation net of dividend accrual, partially offset by exchange rate effects on retained earnings.  
The Nordea Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio was 15.8 per cent. as of 30 September 2024 (16.3 per cent. as 
of 30 September 2023) and 17.0 per cent as of 31 December 2023, compared to 16.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 
17.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2024, the Nordea Group's REA was EUR 153.7 billion, an increase of EUR 15.0 billion compared to REA 
of EUR 138.7 billion as of 31 December 2023. This increase was primarily driven by the implementation of new capital 
modeals for retail exposures. 
Recent Regulatory Developments 
In February 2023, the FFSA decided to extend the period of application of the average risk weight floors set by the Norwegian 
macroprudential authority for residential and commercial real estate exposures located in Norway. The floors are 20 per cent 
for Norwegian residential real estate exposures and 35 per cent. for Norwegian commercial real estate exposures. Both floors 
have applied since 11 September 2021. 
In March 2023, the FFSA made the decision to set the systemic risk buffer in Finland at a level of 1 per cent. for Finnish credit 
institutions applicable to all exposures. The macroprudential buffers were reduced in the spring of 2020 to mitigate the effects 
of the coronavirus pandemic and the current assessment of the FFSA is that the Finnish banking sector’s macroprudential 
buffers are below the desired level. The systemic risk buffer requirement entered into force on 1 April 2024.  
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has implemented a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. for exposures located in Norway. 
In June 2023, the FFSA decided to partially reciprocate the Norwegian systemic risk buffer at a level of 3.5 per cent. from 1 
July 2024. As the FFSA had previously decided that a systemic risk buffer of 1.0 per cent. would apply to banks in Finland 
from 1 April 2024, the incremental systemic risk buffer requirement for exposures located in Norway will be applied at a rate 
of 2.5 per cent. This is expected to increase the Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement by 
approximately 50 basis points. The FFSA also decided to maintain the Nordea Group’s O-SII buffer at 2.5 per cent. Therefore, 
as of 1 July 2024 the Nordea Group’s regulatory common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement will increase to 
approximately 13.6 per cent. when all announced changes to macroprudential capital buffers have entered into force. 
On 27 September 2023, the Board of the FFSA decided to reciprocate the risk weight floors for corporate credit secured by 
real estate collateral set by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority ("SFSA") in accordance with article 458 of the CRR. 
The risk weight floor was set to 35 per cent for corporate exposures secured by commercial real estate and 25 per cent for 
corporate exposures secured by residential real estate. The floors have applied since 30 September 2023. On 19 December 
2023, the Board of the FFSA decided to maintain the reciprocation of the Swedish 25 per cent risk weight floor for residential 
real estate until 30 December 2025 in accordance with the decision of the SFSA.  
During the second quarter of 2024, Nordea received the SRB's decision on the Nordea Group's updated MREL requirements. 
The new MREL requirements are 23.18 per cent. of REA (excluding CBR) and 7.14 per cent. of LRE. The new subordination 
requirements are 21.40 per cent. of REA (excluding CBR) and 7.14 per cent. of LRE. In addition, the amount of the

--- Page 157 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 157 -
70-41081773 
 
subordination requirement shall at no time exceed the amount which corresponds to a value of 27 per cent. of REA minus 
CBR. The SRB will assess and update the requirements annually. 
On 9 July 2024, Nordea received ECB approval for the new retail models which are expected to be implemented in the third 
quarter of 2024. This will result in an increase of the Nordea Group's REA but will not result in changes to the Nordea Group's 
capital plans.

--- Page 158 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 158 -
70-41081773 
 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Overview and legal structure 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, conducts banking operations within the scope of the Nordea 
Group's business organisation. Nordea Bank Abp, was registered with the Finnish Trade Register on 27 September 2017 and 
is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland. According to Article 3 of Nordea Bank Abp's articles 
of association, as a commercial bank Nordea Bank Abp engages in business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. Nordea Bank Abp provides investment services and performs investment 
activities pursuant to the Finnish Act on Investment Services. Further, in its capacity as parent company, Nordea Bank Abp 
attends to and is responsible for overall functions in the Nordea Group, such as management, supervision, risk management 
and staff functions. Nordea Bank Abp is subject to substantial regulation in all markets in which it operates. The articles of 
association were last amended on 23 March 2023. Nordea Bank Abp is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business 
identity code 2858394-9. The head office of Nordea is located in Helsinki at the following address: Hamnbanegatan (Fi: 
Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland. Nordea Bank Abp has several directly and indirectly owned 
subsidiaries.  Nordea Bank Abp's shares are listed on the stock exchanges in Helsinki, Stockholm and Copenhagen. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea's issued and fully paid-up share capital is EUR 4,049,951,919, consisting of 
505,587,395 ordinary shares. The shares in Nordea have no nominal value. 
Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association do not contain any provisions on share classes or voting rights and consequently 
shares may only be issued as ordinary shares and each share confers one vote at general meetings. If Nordea Bank Abp were 
to issue new shares, all shareholders would typically have preferential rights to the new shares in relation to the number of 
shares held by them. 
The additional tier 1 (AT1) conversion notes issued by Nordea in March 2019, September 2021 and September 2024, 
respectively, automatically convert into shares if the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of either Nordea on a solo 
basis or the Nordea Group on a consolidated basis falls below a specific trigger level. There are no convertible bonds issued 
by Nordea that give option exercise rights for holders to acquire shares in Nordea. 
Shareholders 
The following table sets forth information relating to Nordea's five largest shareholders as of the end of November 2024:  
Number of 
shares 
(million) 
Per cent. of 
shares and 
votes 
BlackRock.........................................................................................................................
181.5
5.1
Norges Bank .....................................................................................................................
174.8
5.0
Nordea-fonden..................................................................................................................
153.9
4.4
Vanguard ..........................................................................................................................
134.6
3.8
Cevian Capital ..................................................................................................................
134.3
3.8(1)
 _________________  
(1)  Latest disclosed to the Issuer. 
 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association, the board of directors of Nordea is to consist of at least six and no more than 
15 members.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of Nordea consists of 10 members elected by the general meeting 
for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of Nordea in 2025. In addition, three ordinary members 
and one deputy member have been elected by the employees of Nordea Group. The CEO of Nordea is not a member of the 
board of directors.

--- Page 159 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 159 -
70-41081773 
 
The following table sets forth, for each member of the board of directors of Nordea as of the date of this Base Prospectus, their 
year of birth and the year of their initial appointment to the board of directors:  
 
Year of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Position 
Sir Stephen Hester ....................................................................................
1960
2022
Chair
Lene Skole ................................................................................................
1959
2022
Vice Chair
Petra van Hoeken......................................................................................
1961
2019
Member
John Maltby ..............................................................................................
1962
2019
Member
Risto Murto...............................................................................................
1963
2023
Member
Lars Rohde................................................................................................
1954
2024
Member
Per Strömberg ...........................................................................................
1963
2023
Member
Jonas Synnergren......................................................................................
1977
2020
Member
Arja Talma................................................................................................
1962
2022
Member
Kjersti Wiklund.........................................................................................
1962
2022
Member
The board of directors also includes the following members elected by the employees of Nordea as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus (one of whom at any time is a deputy member of the board of directors): 
 
Year of birth 
Board 
member since 
Position 
Joanna Koskinen..............................................................
1977
2021
Member
Gerhard Olsson ................................................................
1978
2016
Member
Kasper Skovgaard Pedersen.............................................
1978
2023
Member
Jørgen Suo Lønnquist ......................................................
1980
2024
Deputy Member
The members of the board of directors of Nordea have the following office address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, Hamnbanegatan 
(Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland.  
With the exception of the board members elected by employees, no members of the board of directors of Nordea are employed 
by the Nordea Group.  
Jonas Synnergren is Senior Partner of Cevian Capital Ab and Risto Murto is the CEO of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance 
Company, both of which are shareholders in Nordea Bank Abp. Save for the foregoing, no potential conflicts of interest exist 
between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the board of directors and the private interests or other duties of each 
person. 
Sir Stephen Hester has been a member of the board of directors and served as its Chair since 2022. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Sir Stephen Hester serves as Chair of the board of directors of easyJet plc and as lead independent director of 
Kyndryl Holdings, Inc.  
Lene Skole has been a member of the board of directors since 2022 and has served as its Vice Chair since 2023. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, Ms Skole is the CEO of the Lundbeck Foundation, Deputy Chair of the boards of directors of ALK-
Abelló A/S, H. Lundbeck A/S and Falck A/S and the Chair of the board of directors of Ørsted A/S.  
Petra van Hoeken has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms van 
Hoeken is a non-executive director of Virgin Money UK PLC and a member of the boards of directors of Oranje Fonds and 
Stichting for the Holding and Administration of Shares under the Royal Dutch Shell Employee Share Plans. Ms van Hoeken 
is also a member of the Supervisory Board at Volksbank N.V and a member of the Advisory Council for Donations at the 
University of Leiden. She is also Chair for the Advisory Committee for Credit, for the Ministry of Economic & Climate 
Affairs. 
John Maltby has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Maltby is the 
Chair of the board of directors of Allica Bank Limited, West Bromwich Building Society and Max Nicholas Renewables Ltd. 
Risto Murto has been a member of the board of directors since 2023. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Murto is the 
President and CEO of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, the Chair of the board of directors of E2 Research, the 
Finnish Securities Market Association and Finnish Pension Alliance TELA. Mr Murto is also a member of the board of 
directors of Sampo plc and the Supervisory Board Member for the Finnish Cultural Foundation and the Finnish National Opera 
and Ballet. 
Lars Rohde has been a member of the board of directors since 2024. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Rohde is a 
member of the board of Aarhus University and the board of Foundation for Children’s Hospital and Research Institute Nadija 
sr.

--- Page 160 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 160 -
70-41081773 
 
Per Strömberg has been a member of the board of directors since 2023. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Strömberg 
is a member of the board of directors of ICA Gruppen and Lekolar Group. 
Jonas Synnergren has been a member of the board of directors since 2020. As of the date of this Prospectus, Mr Synnergren 
is a senior partner at Cevian Capital AB and Head of Cevian Capital AB's Swedish office, and a member of the board of 
directors of LM Ericsson AB. 
Arja Talma has been a member of the board of directors since 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Talma is a 
member of the board of directors of Glaston Corporation, Metso Corporation and the Chair of the board of directors of 
Verkkokauppa.com Corporation. 
Kjersti Wiklund has been a member of the board of directors since 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Wiklund 
is a member of the board of directors of Spectris plc, Evelyn Partners Ms and AutoStore Holdings Ltd. 
Group Leadership Team  
The Group Leadership Team of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus consists of 12 members, including 
the CEO. The President and CEO is appointed by the board of directors and is charged with the day-to-day management of 
the Nordea Group and the Nordea Group's Group-wide affairs in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including 
the Finnish Corporate Governance Code (Fi: Suomen listayhtiöiden hallinnointikoodi) (the "Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code"), as well as the instructions provided by the board of directors. The instructions regulate the division of responsibilities 
and the interaction between the Group CEO and the board of directors. The Group CEO works closely with the Chair of the 
board of directors, for example, in planning the meetings of the board of directors. 
The following table sets forth each member of Group Leadership Team as of the date of this Base Prospectus, his or her year 
of birth, the year of his or her initial employment as a member of Group Leadership Team and his or her current position:  
Year of 
birth 
Group 
Leadership 
Team 
member 
since 
Position 
Frank Vang-Jensen ........................
1967
2018
President and Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Nina Arkilahti ................................
1967
2020
Head of Business Banking
Erik Ekman....................................
1969
2015
Head of Group Business Support
Christina Gadeberg ........................
1970
2019
Chief People Officer
Jamie Graham ................................
1974
2021
Chief Compliance Officer
Mark Kandborg..............................
1971
2022
Chief Risk Officer
Jussi Koskinen ...............................
1973
2018
Chief Legal Officer and Deputy Managing Director
Sara Mella......................................
1967
2019
Head of Personal Banking
Martin A Persson ...........................
1975
2016
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions 
Ulrika Romantschuk ......................
1966
2020
Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing
Ian Smith........................................
1966
2020
Chief Financial Officer
Snorre Storset.................................
1972
2015
Head of Asset & Wealth Management 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the Group Executive 
Management and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea and Group Leadership Team have the following office address: c/o Nordea 
Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu (Sw: Hamnbanegatan) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland.  
Frank Vang-Jensen has been the President and Group CEO of Nordea since 2019 and a member of Group Leadership Team 
since 2018. Before his appointment as President and Group CEO in September 2019, Mr Vang-Jensen held several executive 
positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2018, most recently as Head of Personal Banking.  
Nina Arkilahti has been Head of Business Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2020. Ms Arkilahti has 
previously served in several senior positions at Svenska Handelsbanken AB, including as Executive Vice President and 
Country Head Finland and as Senior Vice President and Country Head Germany.  
Erik Ekman has been Head of Group Business Support since 2020 and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2015. Mr 
Ekman has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2008, most recently as Head of Commercial 
& Business Banking (currently named Business Banking) from 2016 to 2019 and as Acting Head of Group Business Risk 
Management during 2019.

--- Page 161 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 161 -
70-41081773 
 
Christina Gadeberg has been Chief People Officer and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. Ms. Gadeberg has 
held several executive positions since she joined the Nordea Group in 2015, most recently as Head of Group People Business 
Partnering and co-leader of Group People during 2019 and, prior to this, as Head of People to Asset and Wealth Management 
from 2017 to 2019. 
Jamie Graham has been Chief Compliance Officer and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2021. Mr Graham joined 
Nordea in 2016 as Chief Audit Executive. Before joining Nordea, he held several senior roles at Barclays, including the 
position of Global Head of Compliance Audit, and also served in managerial roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
Mark Kandborg has been Chief Risk Officer and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2022. Mr Kandborg has worked 
at Nordea for 29 years and has held several senior roles, including Deputy Head of Nordea's Large Corporates & Institutions 
business area, acting Chief Financial Officer and Head of Group Finance as well as Head of Treasury & Asset and Liability 
Management. 
Jussi Koskinen has been Chief Legal Officer and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2018. He has also been the 
Deputy Managing Director of Nordea since 2019. Prior to joining the Nordea Group in 2018, Mr Koskinen served as Vice 
President, Head of Global Corporate Legal and Secretary to the board of directors at Nokia Corporation. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Mr Koskinen is the Chair of the board and the policy committee of Directors' Institute Finland. 
Sara Mella has been Head of Personal Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. Prior to her appointment 
as Head of Personal Banking in December 2019, Ms Mella was Acting Head of Personal Banking from September 2019 and, 
prior to that, she held several executive positions at the Nordea Group, most recently as Head of Personal Banking Finland. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Mella is Chair of the board of Finance Finland and Chair of the board of Nordea 
Art Foundation Finland.   
Martin A Persson has been Head of Large Corporates & Institutions and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Mr 
Persson joined the Nordea Group in 2012 and served as Head of Markets Equities, Nordea Markets from 2012 to 2016. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Persson is a member of the boards of directors of the Swedish Bankers' Association and 
the Swedish House of Finance, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Ulrika Romantschuk has been Head of Group Brand, Communication and Marketing and a member of Group Leadership Team 
since 2020. Ms Romantschuk has previously served as Executive Vice President, Communications and Branding of Fazer 
Group and was a member of the Group Management Team at Fazer Group. 
Ian Smith has been CFO and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2020. Mr Smith has previously served as Group CFO 
of Virgin Money United Kingdom PLC, Director of Group Finance at Lloyds Banking Group PLC and at Halifax Bank of 
Scotland PLC. 
Snorre Storset has been Head of Asset & Wealth Management since 2016 and a member of Group Leadership Team since 
2015. Mr Storset has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2011, most recently as Deputy Head 
of Wealth Management and Head of Private Banking from 2015 to 2016. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Storset is 
a member of the board of directors of Finans Norge. 
Independence 
Nordea complies with applicable requirements regarding the independence of the board of directors according to applicable 
European regulatory requirements and Finnish laws and regulations, as well as requirements set forth in the Finnish Corporate 
Governance Code. All members of Nordea's board of directors are considered independent in relation to the Company's 
significant shareholders in accordance with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. 
All of the board members elected by the shareholders are independent of Nordea and its executive management. 
No member of Nordea's board of directors elected by the shareholders at the general meeting is employed by or working in an 
operative capacity in the Nordea Group. The ordinary members and the deputy members of Nordea's board of directors elected 
by the employees are employed by the Nordea Group and therefore are not independent of Nordea under the Finnish Corporate 
Governance Code. 
The number of members of Nordea's board of directors who are independent in relation to the Nordea Group and its executive 
management as well as independent in relation to Nordea's significant shareholders exceeds the minimum requirement set 
forth in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code, which states that at least two of the board members elected by the general 
meeting who are independent of the company and the company's executive management shall also be independent of the 
company's significant shareholders. 
The rules regarding independence of the board of directors are governed by, among others, the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the FFSA and the EBA guidelines on internal 
governance.

--- Page 162 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 162 -
70-41081773 
 
External Auditors 
According to Nordea's articles of association, Nordea must have one audit firm as auditor, whose chief auditor is to be an 
authorised public accountant approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The assignment as auditor will continue 
until the end of the first AGM held after the election of the auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public 
Accountants, has been elected as Nordea's auditor until the end of the 2025 AGM. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Jukka Paunonen, Authorised Public Accountant (KHT), has been assigned as the auditor with principal responsibility. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has the following office address: Itämerentori 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland.  
Sustainability Reporting Assurer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Sustainability Auditors, has been elected as the sustainability asssurer of Nordea's 
sustainability reporting for the year ending 31 December 2024 until the end of the 2025 AGM. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Jukka Paunonen, Authorised Sustainability Auditor (KRT), has been assigned as the sustainability auditor with 
principal responsibility. 
Dividends 
The 2024 AGM authorised the board of directors of Nordea to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum of EUR 0.92 per 
share, for the year ended 31 December 2023. The payment of the full dividend of EUR 3,218 million, in the aggregate, took 
place on 3 April 2024. 
Material Agreements 
Nordea Bank Abp is not a party to any material agreement outside of its normal course of business which may result in another 
Nordea Group company obtaining a right or incurring an obligation which may materially affect Nordea Bank Abp's ability to 
perform its obligations. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance in Nordea Bank Abp follows generally adopted principles of corporate governance.  The external 
framework which regulates the corporate governance work includes, inter alia, the Finnish Corporate Governance Code, the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the FFSA, the EBA guidelines on internal governance 
under the Capital Requirements Directive and Joint ESMA and EBA Guidelines on the assessment of the suitability of 
members of the management body and key function holders.

--- Page 163 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 163 -
70-41081773 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Instruments will be used for the general banking and other corporate purposes 
of the Nordea Group.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 164 -
70-41081773 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Instruments. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Instruments, whether in those countries or elsewhere. The tax laws 
of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State of incorporation might have an impact on the income received 
from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Instruments and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. It should 
also be noted that there are differences in the tax treatment of different Instruments. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary does not purport to present any comprehensive or complete picture of all Finnish tax aspects that 
could be of relevance to a Holder of the Instruments. The comments in this part are based on current Finnish tax law as 
applied in Finland and the Finnish Tax practice (which are subject to any changes in law or its interpretation that could 
prospectively or retroactively affect the stated tax consequences). The summary only concerns Holders of Instruments who are 
beneficial owners of the income. The summary does not address any tax implications to a Holder of the Instruments who are 
subject to special tax rules, such as, among others, entities exempt from income tax, non-business carrying entities, individuals 
taxable under the Business Income Tax Act (Fin. Laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968), as amended), and general 
and limited partnerships. Prospective Holders of Instruments should consult their own professional advisors as to their tax 
position. 
General 
The scope of taxation in Finland is defined by the tax liability position of a taxpayer. Finnish residents for taxation purposes 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Persons that are not resident in Finland for taxation purposes and 
are not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for Finnish tax purposes are subject to taxation in Finland solely 
in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident for taxation purposes if the individual continuously stays in Finland 
for more than six months or if the permanent home and abode of the individual is in Finland. A citizen of Finland who has 
moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish taxation purposes until three years have passed after the end of the year of 
emigration, even if the individual would not continuously stay in Finland for six months and the permanent home and abode 
would not be located in Finland, if the individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential ties to Finland in the tax 
year in question. 
Legal entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with domestic tax law. 
Additionally, legal entities with their place of effective management in Finland are generally considered tax resident in Finland. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax the foreign source income of an individual or entity 
deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
In the hands of individual, earned income is taxed at progressive tax rates, while capital income up to EUR 30,000 per calendar 
year is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent and capital income exceeding EUR 30,000 per calendar year at a rate of 34 per cent. 
Corporate entities established under the laws of Finland or having their place of effective management in Finland are regarded 
as residents of Finland and thus subject to corporate income tax on their worldwide income. The current corporate income tax 
rate is 20 per cent. 
Taxation of Finnish Resident Individuals 
Taxation of Interest Income 
For physical persons that are resident in Finland for tax purposes and for Finnish estates of deceased persons, interest on 
Instruments may constitute income subject to tax prepayment withholding at a rate of 30 per cent under the Prepayment Act 
(Fin. Ennakkoperintälaki (1118/1996), as amended), and subject to final taxation as capital income under the Income Tax Act 
(Fin. Tuloverolaki (1535/1992), as amended). The tax rate applicable to capital income is at present 30 per cent. The tax rate 
for the part of capital income which exceeds 30,000 euros per year is, 34 per cent. Alternatively, interest paid to a Finnish tax 
resident physical person or a Finnish estate of a deceased person may be income subject to tax at a rate of 30 per cent pursuant 
to the Interest Income Withholding Tax Act (Fin. Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta (1341/1990), as amended). Index-linked yield 
is generally treated as interest income. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any income from the sale or other disposal of securities that is considered a capital gain in the Finnish taxation as well as 
payment of accrued interest (Fin. jälkimarkkinahyvitys) is taxed as capital income as described above. However, capital gains 
are exempted from tax if the total amount of the consideration from the disposal of the person's disposed assets does not exceed

--- Page 165 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 165 -
70-41081773 
 
EUR 1,000 in a tax year. Correspondingly, any loss arising from the sale or other disposal of securities that does not belong to 
the business activities of the individual is deductible from capital gains and generally also from other capital income arising 
in the same year or during the subsequent five years. Capital losses due to disposal will not, however, be tax deductible if the 
total amount of the acquisition costs of the assets sold by the individual does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the consideration from the disposal and the aggregate of the 
actual acquisition cost and sales related expenses. Generally, individuals may alternatively choose to apply the presumptive 
acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost for the assets. The presumptive acquisition cost of 20 per cent is deducted 
from the consideration from the disposal but, if the shareholder has held the assets for at least ten years, the presumptive 
acquisition cost is 40 per cent of the consideration from the disposal. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied instead of 
the actual acquisition cost, all expenses arising from acquiring the gains are deemed to be included in the presumptive 
acquisition cost and, therefore, cannot be deducted separately from the consideration from the disposal. 
According to a ruling by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court, the income from the sale or exercise of non-listed cash 
settled Warrants that are transferable securities and that, even if non listed, have such qualities that they could be listed, is 
subject to taxation in Finland as a capital gain. The same tax treatment should apply to listed Warrants. It would, furthermore, 
seem that the income from the sale or exercise of non-listed cash settled Warrants that do not fulfil the criteria discussed in the 
above Supreme Administrative Court ruling, would be taxable as other capital income of the Finnish resident individual 
investor, and not as a capital gain. 
According to the above mentioned ruling, losses arising from the sale or exercise of non-listed cash settled Warrants, in cases 
where the Warrants do not qualify for capital gains taxation as discussed above, are non-deductible altogether in the taxation 
of a Finnish resident individual investor. 
The principles of the above discussed ruling should as a starting point apply also with respect to Certificates. 
Taxation of Finnish Corporate Entities 
The following applies to Finnish corporate entities taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act (Fin. Laki 
elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968), as amended). As of tax year 2020, most Finnish corporate entities are taxed 
exclusively in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act.  
Finnish corporations are subject to a national corporate income tax on their worldwide income. Corporate income is taxed 
according to a fixed tax rate which currently is 20 per cent. No tax prepayment is withheld from principal or interest payments 
made to corporate entities residing in Finland.   
The capital gain (as well as the capital loss) is calculated by deducting the total sum of the actual acquisition cost and selling 
cost from the consideration from the disposal. Confirmed losses can generally be carried forward and deducted from the taxable 
income for ten years following the loss-making year, provided that no change in ownership triggering forfeiture of tax loss 
carry-forwards occur. Specific limitations apply to the deductibility of any capital losses incurred under the Income Tax Act 
prior to tax year 2020, as well as capital losses incurred from the transfer of assets belonging to the "other assets" asset class 
under the Business Income Tax Act, introduced as of tax year 2020. 
Taxation of Non-Finnish Residents 
Non-Finnish tax residents who do not conduct business through a permanent establishment in Finland, should not be subject 
to Finnish taxation either on principal or interest payments under Instruments or gains realized on the redemption, sale or other 
disposal of Instruments. The payer is obliged to ascertain that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. The 
recipient is obliged to disclose their non-resident investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide such information, 
the Issuer will be entitled to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Instruments, if it is required to do 
so under Finnish law, and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any additional amounts. 
Reporting and Compliance 
An issuer resident in Finland for tax purposes and a Finnish paying agent or intermediary is generally obliged to report to the 
Finnish Tax Administration any interest payments and comparable yield payments, secondary market compensations and index 
compensations paid to and received under the Instruments by a Finnish tax resident individual or an estate of a deceased 
resident individual, or by a non-resident recipient of such payment under securities, and any preliminary tax withheld from 
such payments. An issuer resident in Finland for tax purposes and an intermediary, as defined in the applicable Finnish tax 
regulations, also has an obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration any transactions in the Instruments brokered or 
made by it, concerning both resident and non-resident holders of Instruments. A Finnish tax resident custodian, and the Finnish 
branch of a non-resident custodian, furthermore has an obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration the information 
necessary for the calculation of capital gains received by resident and non-resident holders of Instruments, to the extent the 
custodian has such information. Resident individuals and estates of a deceased person are required to review the tax 
information contained in their pre-completed annual tax return and, if necessary, correct or complete the information in the tax 
return.

--- Page 166 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 166 -
70-41081773 
 
Transfer Taxation and Value Added Taxation 
A transfer or a redemption of the Instruments may be subject to Finnish transfer taxation. A transfer or a redemption by way 
of a cash settlement of the Instruments is not subject to Finnish VAT. 
United States Taxation 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA," that generally impose a reporting and withholding 
regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including dividends and interest) and, following the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining "foreign passthru payment", certain payments made by 
entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental 
agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA with Finland (the "Finnish IGA"). Under the Finnish IGA, as currently 
drafted, the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Instruments to be subject to withholding under 
FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given 
that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Instruments 
in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA. The Issuer 
would have no obligation to pay any additional amounts in relation to such withholding or deduction. 
Possible United States Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code  
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, require withholding 
of up to 30 per cent. (depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments 
made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent upon or determined 
by reference to U.S.-source dividends. These rules differentiate between "Delta-One" and "Non-Delta-One" transactions. 
Withholding currently applies to Delta-One Instruments and should not apply to Non-Delta-One Instruments issued before 1 
January 2025 ("Grandfathered Instruments") (unless the Non-Delta-One Instruments are "significantly modified" on or after 
1 January 2025). However, significant aspects of the application of these regulations to the Instruments are uncertain. Payments 
on Instruments, other than Grandfathered Instruments, that are treated by the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations as being 
contingent upon, or determined by reference to, any U.S. source dividends may be subject to this withholding. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents amounts will generally be required when the relevant payment is made on an 
Instrument or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. investor of the Instruments. Instruments may 
be treated as paying dividend equivalent amounts to the extent U.S. source dividends are expected to be paid on the underlying 
equity securities, even if no corresponding payment on the Instrument is explicitly linked to such dividends and even if, upon 
maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. investor, the investor realises a loss. The U.S. Treasury Regulations provide 
exceptions to withholding, in particular for certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the Instruments, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the applicable regulations to the Instruments.

--- Page 167 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 167 -
70-41081773 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer or by one or more Authorised Offerors acting on the Issuer's behalf. 
The United States of America 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, Instruments of any Tranche (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as 
certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by the relevant Authorised Offeror(s) within the United States or to, or for the account 
or of benefit of, U.S. persons, and that it will have sent to each Authorised Offeror to which it sells Instruments of such Tranche 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
such Instruments within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Instruments an offer or sale of Instruments 
of such Tranche within the United States by an Authorised Offeror may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
In addition, certain Series of Instruments in respect of which any payment is determined by reference to an index or formula, 
or to changes in prices of securities or commodities, or certain other Instruments will be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Offeror may agree. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA" as "Not Applicable", in relation to 
each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Instruments to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 168 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 168 -
70-41081773 
 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised Offeror 
or Authorised Offerors nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of EU the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any Instruments in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" legend as "Not 
Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
in relation to any Instruments with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency, not a qualified investor as defined in  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any Instruments means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments.

--- Page 169 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 169 -
70-41081773 
 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Instruments in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, would not, if it was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any of the Instruments directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with 
the Danish Capital Markets Act (Lov om kapitalmarkeder), as amended or replaced from time to time, the Danish executive 
orders issued thereunder., the Danish Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022 on Investor Protection in Connection with 
Securities Trading (Bekendtgørelse om investorbeskyttelse ved værdipapirhandel), as amended or replaced from time to time 
issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1731 of 5 December 2023) (Lov om 
finansiel virksomhed), as amended or replaced from time to time, and the EU Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this 
provision, an offer of the Instruments in Denmark means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Instruments. 
Finland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer and sell the 
Instruments or bring the Instruments into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the laws of Finland. Instruments may only be offered and sold to the public in Finland provided that either (i) a prospectus 
in relation to the Instruments is prepared in accordance with the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
(746/2012), as amended) (the "Finnish Securities Markets Act") and/or other applicable laws and regulations including the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, or (ii) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under 
the applicable laws of Finland, especially the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the EU Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable. Notwithstanding the above, each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that Instruments may 
not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of deceased individuals that are resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
Norway 
The Instruments have not been registered or approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority, the Oslo Stock 
Exchange or the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and, accordingly, each Authorised Offeror will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to the offering of Instruments in 
Norway. 
Instruments denominated in NOK may not be offered or sold within Norway or to or for the account or benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act and 
relevant regulations relating to the offer of VPS Instruments and the registration in Euronext VPS or another securities registry 
which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such 
bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, has been complied with. 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines 
applicable to the offering of Instruments in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that no Instruments will be offered to the public in Sweden 
nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Instruments has 
been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and such 
competent authority has notified the competent authority in Sweden, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Act on 
Supplementary Rules to the EU Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lag (2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s 
prospektförordning) or any other Swedish enactment.

--- Page 170 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 170 -
70-41081773 
 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Instruments, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2017 (as amended, the "EU MiFID II Regulations") 
including, without limitation, Regulations 5 thereof or any codes of conduct made under the EU MiFID II Regulations 
and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Instruments, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act 2014"), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) 
and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(iii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Instruments otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any rules and guidance issued by the Central 
Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(iv) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Instruments otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union 
(Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued in compliance with 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect to the admission of the Instruments to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by the relevant listing authorities stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, no action has been or will be taken in 
any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of Instruments, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 171 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 171 -
70-41081773 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer held 
on 5 September 2018. 
2. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
3. 
Since the date of the latest consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
4. 
Since the date of the latest published consolidated financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the 
Issuer or the Nordea Group and (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the 
Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 by authorised public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The 
auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the 
Issuer. 
6. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies and, where appropriate, English 
translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of the Issuer and available online at the websites set out below: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time) (Swedish: 
https://www.nordea.com/sv/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/bolagsordning; 
English 
translation: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/articles-of-association);  
(b) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) (which contains the forms of the Instruments), 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-abp; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant (as supplemented from time to time), https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-
and-rating/nordea-bank-abp; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 
31 
December 
2022 
including 
the 
audit 
reports 
relating 
thereto 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/group-annual-reports);  
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated interim financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2024 (https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/reports-presentations);  
(f) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto (https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-
and-rating/nordea-bank-abp); and 
(g) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on any stock exchange and issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-bank-abp).  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case 
of VP Instruments, VP or, in the case of VPS Instruments, Euronext VPS or, in the case of Finnish Instruments, 
Euroclear Finland or, in the case of Swedish Instruments, Euroclear Sweden. Clearance arrangements will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to any Series cleared through 
any other relevant clearing system. 
8. 
The appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Financial Instrument Short 
Name ("FISN") and/or Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code for each issue and details of any other 
agreed clearance system(s) will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code for the Issuer is 5299000DI3047E2LIV03. 
10. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 172 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 172 -
70-41081773 
 
11. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 Copenhagen 5, Denmark. 
12. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, P.O. 1174 
Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
13. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
14. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Swedish Central Securities Depository, Euroclear Sweden, PO Box 191, SE 
101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
15. 
It is expected that each Series of Instruments which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant Instruments and the approval of the 
Programme in respect of such Instrument(s) will be granted on or about 13 December 2024. 
16. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
in relation to each Series. 
17. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's business and 
which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to Instrumentholders in respect of the Instruments being issued. 
18. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information under paragraph 3.1 of Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
19. 
The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
20. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the 
Instruments and is not itself seeking admission of the Instruments to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
21. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of 
its 12-month validity period. 
22. 
The Issuer has commenced a number of public offers of Instruments pursuant to the previous Base Prospectus dated 
15 December 2023 relating to the Programme. The ISIN's of the relevant Instruments are listed below.

--- Page 173 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 173 -
70-41081773 
 
ISIN 
SE0021733508 
NO0012912031 
SE0015223219 
SE0013251113 
SE0015225743 
NO0013125534 
SE0022407706 
SE0022593075 
SE0023119888 
SE0023282314 
SE0021733318 
NO0012875725 
SE0021617214 
DK0061363702 
SE0016136543 
NO0013157248 
SE0022407904 
SE0022591822 
SE0023120332 
SE0023281381 
SE0021733581 
SE0020198224 
SE0009861230 
DK0061365913 
SE0020362499 
NO0013125542 
SE0022407870 
SE0022586749 
SE0023119664 
NO0013392423 
SE0021734134 
SE0020199180 
SE0016136055 
DK0061449931 
NO0010847726 
NO0013157255 
SE0022408118 
SE0022588828 
SE0023120001 
NO0013392753 
SE0021733110 
SE0020199800 
DK0061455581 
NO0012503103 
NO0010847395 
NO0013125617 
SE0022407672 
SE0022592986 
SE0023108576 
SE0023282843 
SE0021733771 
SE0020198448 
FI4000454020 
SE0019056409 
DK0062669164 
NO0013157214 
SE0022407789 
SE0022586343 
SE0023108618 
NO0013378737 
SE0021733326 
SE0020199511 
NO0010897580 
SE0013250685 
SE0013933157 
NO0013125518 
SE0022405437 
SE0022586186 
SE0023110127 
SE0023281407 
SE0021732583 
SE0021019817 
SE0015239207 
NO0010918501 
SE0014820593 
NO0013125435 
SE0022407961 
SE0022585923 
SE0023115266 
SE0023280656 
SE0021733789 
SE0020198778 
SE0021017829 
SE0013916947 
NO0010848179 
NO0013125575 
SE0022405452 
SE0022440004 
SE0023115506 
SE0023282744 
SE0021733128 
SE0020363539 
NO0010795040 
DK0061092848 
SE0011170877 
NO0013125468 
SE0022407771 
SE0022440673 
SE0023116348 
SE0023282447 
SE0021732674 
SE0020362366 
SE0011171669 
DK0060934263 
DK0062081931 
NO0013157206 
SE0022408050 
NO0013240200 
SE0023115084 
NO0013371435 
SE0021734217 
SE0020363232 
DK0062079448 
SE0016042162 
NO0010903719 
NO0013125443 
SE0022407946 
SE0022446324 
SE0023115852 
SE0023283783 
SE0021734357 
SE0020362226 
NO0010899651 
DK0061092178 
DK0061455748 
NO0013125633 
SE0022405429 
SE0022446548 
SE0023116033 
SE0023280508 
SE0021733045 
SE0020361517 
SE0015498985 
NO0012759283 
SE0021169802 
NO0013125450 
NO0013202218 
SE0022576930 
SE0023115324 
NO0013377259 
SE0021733524 
SE0020362549 
SE0015951363 
SE0021173358 
SE0009861024 
DK0062702981 
NO0013202366 
SE0022446357 
DK0063163951 
NO0013370965 
SE0021733383 
SE0020363505 
FI4000492897 
SE0016043954 
FI4000318506 
NO0013125716 
NO0013203208 
SE0022590022 
NO0013344531 
SE0023281217 
SE0021733714 
SE0020361046 
DK0061041423 
NO0010903644 
SE0015947163 
NO0013125914 
DK0062867206 
SE0022592044 
DK0063164090 
SE0023281134 
SE0021733946 
SE0020361152 
SE0020696789 
DK0062667978 
SE0015485123 
SE0021748480 
DK0062868287 
SE0022588067 
SE0023118138 
SE0023280441 
SE0021732708 
SE0020362804 
SE0014447595 
SE0013925864 
NO0010899743 
DK0062700936 
NO0013202234 
SE0022591004 
SE0023118369 
SE0023281514 
SE0021734027 
SE0021616430 
SE0021001708 
SE0014449211 
SE0018184491 
SE0021748589 
NO0013161711 
SE0022586806 
SE0023118328 
NO0013369983 
SE0021732872 
SE0020361699 
SE0020359917 
SE0015487475 
SE0011753219 
NO0013125674 
NO0013202549 
SE0022588752 
SE0023118534 
SE0023282934 
SE0021732617 
SE0020362994 
SE0015224811 
NO0012658006 
SE0016791735 
SE0021748365 
NO0013201814 
SE0022587945 
SE0023116819 
SE0023282975 
SE0021733169 
SE0020361996 
SE0021009362 
SE0012567956 
SE0018176919 
SE0021748274 
NO0013202960 
NO0013242313 
SE0023118757 
SE0023280623 
SE0021733912 
SE0020361962 
SE0017085525 
FI4000438759 
SE0013253887 
SE0021749249 
DK0062871075 
SE0022590667 
NO0013341073 
NO0013392522 
SE0021732716 
SE0020360998 
SE0014440871 
SE0012567642 
SE0012315174 
DK0062680641 
SE0022399457 
SE0022587432 
SE0023120324 
NO0013392779 
SE0021736303 
SE0021495025 
SE0014440814 
DK0061595592 
DK0061499878 
SE0021741733 
SE0022400057 
SE0022591707 
SE0023120381 
SE0023281555 
SE0021625738 
SE0021005113 
DK0060613974 
SE0021151784 
SE0012315182 
NO0013157339 
SE0022399168 
SE0022588968 
SE0023120431 
SE0023282041 
SE0021732534 
SE0021160702 
NO0010884265 
SE0019030180 
NO0010897945 
SE0021741741 
SE0022399895 
SE0022593463 
SE0023119102 
NO0013368266 
SE0021733482 
SE0021005204 
SE0020358679 
DK0060835601 
DK0061003258 
NO0013157347 
SE0022400537 
SE0022592754 
SE0023107594 
NO0013371443 
SE0021733292 
SE0021008661 
SE0013927571 
DK0062322566 
DK0061038635 
SE0021741782 
SE0022399077 
SE0022586095 
SE0023108477 
SE0023282710 
SE0021732930 
SE0021007747 
NO0013042135 
FI4000042858 
SE0011752815 
SE0021742277 
SE0022398830 
SE0022585949 
SE0023108550 
SE0023282454 
SE0021732732 
SE0021008026 
SE0019049438 
FI4000493390 
SE0013918091 
SE0021742301 
SE0022399812 
SE0022586517 
SE0023108626 
NO0013378059 
SE0021734266 
SE0021008372 
SE0016136832 
SE0017182751 
SE0016287130 
SE0021737707 
SE0022399721 
SE0022586467 
SE0023115290 
SE0023283296 
SE0021734092 
SE0021008513 
DK0061356334 
SE0016047104 
SE0011169853 
SE0021738168 
SE0022400826 
SE0022586442 
SE0023115522 
NO0013371740 
SE0021733813 
SE0021160298 
SE0020194405 
DK0061358892 
DK0061576881 
SE0021737715 
SE0022400743 
SE0022586509 
SE0023115449 
NO0013377663 
SE0021733227 
SE0021008265 
FI4000316070 
DK0061875523 
SE0019038662 
SE0021737871 
SE0022398913 
SE0022586525 
SE0023115795 
SE0023281704 
SE0021734324 
SE0021008620 
DK0062645651 
NO0010908585 
DK0061366135 
SE0021736170 
SE0022399986 
SE0022586475 
SE0023115738 
SE0023283106 
SE0021734290 
DK0062430534 
SE0021006772 
SE0019057217 
DK0060838704 
NO0013125591 
SE0022400628 
SE0022586491 
SE0023115845 
SE0023282892 
SE0021733300 
SE0021005873 
SE0012315075 
DK0061157138 
FI4000456595 
NO0013157198 
SE0022400453 
SE0022586459 
SE0023115282 
SE0023282652 
SE0021733490 
DK0062432662 
SE0012315331 
SE0013931060 
NO0010852387 
NO0013125476 
SE0022398764 
SE0022593000 
SE0023116330 
SE0023282645 
SE0021733573 
SE0019910753 
SE0021153343 
SE0013919404 
DK0061692951 
NO0013157289 
SE0022402103 
SE0022590907 
SE0023115175 
SE0023280268 
SE0021734126 
SE0019912072 
DK0061040375 
NO0013157966 
SE0017221880 
NO0013125500 
DK0062833737 
NO0013307249 
DK0063163878 
SE0023282421 
SE0021733987 
NO0013046987 
SE0011170810 
FI4000252820 
NO0012452673 
NO0013125641 
SE0022401154 
SE0022589180 
SE0023116389 
SE0023281894 
SE0021732740 
SE0019912031 
SE0009892888 
DK0061004496 
SE0019359001 
NO0013125625 
SE0022401972 
SE0022587408 
SE0023115761 
NO0013374306 
SE0021733235 
DK0062136347 
FI4000252960 
DK0060839868 
SE0021155546 
SE0021743937 
SE0022402467 
SE0022441697 
NO0013344739 
NO0013372961 
SE0021733334 
DK0062137824 
FI4000348362 
SE0016793004 
SE0021009032 
SE0021748597 
SE0022401642 
SE0022440749 
SE0023115274 
SE0023289830 
SE0021733706 
NO0012844200 
SE0021622610 
SE0021161163 
DK0062350344 
DK0062700266 
DK0062835781 
SE0022441838 
SE0023118468 
SE0023290622 
SE0021733615 
SE0019895913 
SE0020695526 
SE0014809323 
NO0012765959 
SE0021748282 
SE0022401238 
SE0022583217 
SE0023116785 
DK0063303201 
SE0021733797 
NO0012845991 
DK0061330297 
SE0011752435 
SE0017222664 
SE0021748431 
SE0022402376 
NO0013306548 
SE0023117726 
SE0023288469 
SE0021734225 
SE0018546889 
FI4000254404 
DK0061582269 
DK0061700804 
SE0021748605 
SE0022402244 
SE0022583928 
NO0013341743 
DK0063308861

--- Page 174 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 174 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021732864 
SE0018546160 
SE0020361459 
SE0021730975 
DK0062045035 
NO0013157362 
SE0022401949 
SE0022582938 
SE0023118146 
SE0023287594 
SE0021732526 
SE0018546012 
DK0062207890 
SE0018566762 
NO0010878523 
DK0062705810 
SE0022402186 
DK0063001706 
SE0023116926 
SE0023288766 
SE0021733748 
SE0020383776 
FI4000438999 
SE0015230347 
SE0017076334 
SE0021741709 
SE0022402152 
SE0022591921 
SE0023116967 
DK0063297486 
SE0021733649 
SE0018546632 
SE0012315281 
SE0013928298 
DK0062335386 
SE0021741758 
SE0022401865 
SE0022590527 
SE0023118518 
SE0023289939 
SE0021733920 
SE0020198323 
SE0015939103 
SE0010358770 
SE0017076250 
SE0021742285 
DK0062834115 
SE0022592788 
NO0013349233 
SE0023290457 
NO0013155671 
SE0020199602 
SE0017215023 
SE0018554123 
SE0019912023 
SE0021742624 
SE0022402335 
SE0022593356 
SE0023120423 
SE0023288014 
DK0062663985 
NO0012976549 
SE0014438719 
SE0011752963 
FI4000473723 
NO0013156208 
SE0022408068 
SE0022590592 
SE0023119144 
SE0023288428 
DK0062668943 
SE0021619111 
DK0061705878 
SE0012958056 
SE0017076706 
SE0021737756 
SE0022405403 
SE0022588398 
SE0023120407 
SE0023289293 
DK0062660379 
SE0019904954 
NO0013158246 
SE0013933090 
SE0017075765 
SE0021743804 
SE0022407862 
SE0022587333 
SE0023120373 
SE0023290119 
DK0062665097 
SE0019904285 
SE0014821070 
DK0061446671 
SE0017075807 
SE0021745262 
SE0022407805 
SE0022593380 
SE0023119987 
SE0023291000 
DK0062661427 
SE0019903501 
SE0016129142 
DK0061161676 
SE0017076664 
SE0021747854 
SE0022407839 
SE0022587119 
SE0023118351 
DK0063303987 
DK0062659520 
SE0019903287 
FI4000435821 
FI4000436092 
DK0062664793 
SE0021744620 
SE0022407979 
SE0022587085 
SE0023116702 
DK0063310255 
DK0062678827 
SE0019903683 
SE0020188530 
FI4000537378 
SE0021008059 
SE0021745304 
SE0022407920 
SE0022592523 
SE0023118591 
SE0023287644 
DK0062667036 
SE0019903592 
NO0010824881 
NO0010908734 
SE0012320729 
SE0021744562 
SE0022411120 
SE0022593471 
SE0023118385 
DK0063299698 
DK0062659603 
SE0019903535 
SE0021499746 
SE0012567915 
SE0010829119 
SE0021745981 
SE0022412128 
SE0022592176 
SE0023118344 
DK0063302237 
DK0062675807 
SE0020199529 
DK0061363462 
SE0021621505 
SE0009980279 
SE0021744281 
SE0022409975 
SE0022592085 
SE0023115431 
SE0023287651 
DK0062664280 
SE0019903766 
SE0020198471 
SE0021160983 
SE0019363383 
SE0021748530 
SE0022408332 
SE0022588265 
DK0063159843 
DK0063303714 
DK0062678074 
SE0019903444 
NO0010793904 
SE0018568826 
SE0015945951 
NO0013125757 
SE0022408878 
SE0022587127 
SE0023115621 
DK0063301189 
DK0062663126 
SE0020361103 
SE0016280580 
SE0014440319 
NO0012607581 
SE0021748258 
SE0022409397 
SE0022588406 
SE0023116363 
SE0023290812 
DK0062663639 
SE0020199578 
NO0012872045 
SE0011170182 
SE0020683415 
NO0013125740 
SE0022411963 
SE0022586723 
SE0023116058 
SE0023288238 
DK0062660619 
SE0020198166 
DK0061055480 
SE0010358929 
SE0014433215 
SE0021748241 
SE0022409769 
SE0022593711 
SE0023115209 
SE0023289053 
DK0062658209 
SE0020198596 
NO0010783129 
SE0014440715 
SE0018208266 
NO0013125880 
SE0022410965 
SE0022588075 
SE0023115100 
DK0063309836 
DK0062661856 
SE0020199370 
SE0011170398 
SE0017216146 
SE0015490727 
NO0013157560 
NO0013202143 
SE0022588620 
SE0023115894 
SE0023289608 
DK0062680054 
SE0020198927 
SE0015242193 
DK0061181948 
SE0018563561 
SE0021748662 
NO0013202374 
NO0013307116 
SE0023115225 
SE0023288642 
DK0062659959 
DK0062217931 
NO0012607771 
SE0020197903 
SE0021504412 
SE0021738127 
NO0013201731 
NO0013306993 
SE0023115746 
SE0023288329 
DK0062675997 
SE0020200442 
FI4000253125 
SE0014440764 
SE0019371816 
SE0021738135 
DK0062869418 
SE0022586533 
NO0013349217 
SE0023289509 
NO0013154997 
SE0020185429 
SE0021620135 
SE0014813721 
NO0010889017 
SE0021737863 
NO0013203216 
SE0022439931 
SE0023115407 
SE0023287958 
NO0013155077 
SE0020200434 
FI4000462981 
SE0014438750 
NO0010897432 
SE0021738093 
DK0062867396 
NO0013242149 
SE0023115712 
SE0023287941 
NO0013158170 
NO0013003525 
NO0010898836 
DK0061034642 
NO0012744129 
DK0062599957 
NO0013202556 
DK0063002514 
DK0063163605 
SE0023289467 
NO0013158055 
SE0021008711 
NO0013044461 
NO0011139560 
SE0013928264 
DK0062599288 
NO0013161794 
NO0013306605 
SE0023115159 
SE0023288964 
NO0013155234 
SE0020200475 
SE0009861248 
NO0010896897 
DK0061258167 
SE0021744356 
NO0013201822 
DK0063009014 
SE0023118484 
SE0023290978 
NO0013158188 
SE0020199990 
DK0061198918 
SE0019051814 
SE0013529807 
SE0021745833 
SE0022400297 
NO0013306472 
SE0023117320 
SE0023288873 
NO0013154930 
SE0021005568 
DK0061958733 
SE0016278436 
SE0021617248 
SE0021744257 
SE0022398921 
DK0063003405 
SE0023118401 
SE0023281274 
NO0013157982 
SE0021006426 
NO0010889124 
SE0013928561 
SE0011753235 
SE0021745080 
SE0022399838 
SE0022442141 
SE0023118435 
SE0023280292 
NO0013158360 
SE0021006962 
SE0011170075 
NO0013126466 
NO0010899719 
SE0021744836 
SE0022399010 
SE0022442612 
NO0013340059 
NO0013370924 
NO0013158121 
DK0062431938 
SE0014823647 
SE0015943352 
DK0060834554 
SE0021744554 
SE0022400388 
SE0022442919 
NO0013341099 
SE0023282694 
NO0013157990 
SE0021006335 
DK0060842490 
SE0013539715 
DK0062622528 
SE0021744265 
SE0022400842 
SE0022442786 
SE0023118112 
SE0023280938 
DK0062658126 
SE0021163649 
SE0020371649 
SE0016279731 
FI4000253778 
SE0021744059 
SE0022400768 
SE0022442539 
SE0023118773 
NO0013374603 
DK0062676458 
NO0013041830 
SE0010358820 
SE0021013000 
DK0062647517 
SE0021745890 
SE0022398699 
SE0022442968 
SE0023117932 
SE0023282579 
DK0062662581 
DK0062430450 
SE0014438503 
SE0016281182 
SE0019046046 
SE0021745031 
SE0022399648 
NO0013306985 
SE0023118682 
SE0023280573 
NO0013155580 
NO0013041939 
DK0062441499 
FI4000493176 
SE0013929510 
SE0021744414 
SE0022400727 
NO0013307090 
SE0023118336 
NO0013392407 
DK0062672705 
NO0013046870 
DK0061446242 
DK0061196540 
SE0018184848 
SE0021744760 
SE0022400644 
SE0022586566 
SE0023119128 
NO0013371476 
DK0062676102 
DK0062429874 
SE0009861701 
SE0018181984 
SE0015945712 
SE0021745767 
SE0022400081 
NO0013306910 
SE0023120027 
SE0023280235 
DK0062667465 
SE0021006160 
SE0015669155 
SE0015496708 
DK0060976850 
NO0013125732 
SE0022400008 
NO0013307058 
SE0023119003 
NO0013392795 
DK0062664959 
SE0021017423 
NO0010897028 
DK0062535209 
SE0021008141 
SE0021748647 
SE0022399929 
NO0013306969 
SE0023119730 
SE0023281662 
DK0062659876 
SE0021006970 
SE0016793145 
SE0020363257 
SE0010128561 
NO0013125898 
SE0022399846 
NO0013307108 
SE0023120316 
SE0023283791 
DK0062661500 
NO0012845934 
FI4000406012 
FI4000316047 
DK0062131389 
NO0013157370 
SE0022401139 
SE0022439998 
SE0023116447 
SE0023283171 
DK0062664520 
DK0062138475 
SE0013923414 
DK0061322435 
NO0010896723 
SE0021748316 
SE0022401147 
SE0022441432 
DK0063163019 
SE0023281852 
DK0062660882 
NO0012846718 
NO0013047027 
SE0012314953 
SE0018561821 
SE0021748415 
SE0022401097 
SE0022441572 
SE0023115811 
SE0023280664 
DK0062658712 
SE0018546798 
SE0010134726 
SE0013927126 
NO0010770647 
NO0013157594 
DK0062837050 
SE0022584165 
SE0023115548 
NO0013370684 
DK0062672895 
DK0062138632 
DK0062081188 
SE0019050378 
SE0021015724 
NO0013125872 
SE0022402285 
SE0022583571 
SE0023115464 
SE0023281035 
NO0013155119 
SE0021015344 
SE0014813333 
SE0021623048 
SE0020189017 
DK0062702718 
SE0022401212 
SE0022585105 
SE0023116355 
SE0023280961

--- Page 175 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 175 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0013158295 
SE0020385573 
SE0020976074 
DK0060612067 
SE0014430336 
SE0021743481 
DK0062836243 
DK0063005376 
SE0023115332 
SE0023282835 
NO0013155127 
SE0020695385 
FI4000473822 
DK0060614352 
DK0061034485 
SE0021736626 
DK0062834461 
DK0063004486 
DK0063158522 
SE0023281670 
NO0013158147 
SE0020385441 
SE0004446342 
SE0015945878 
SE0012564540 
NO0013125302 
SE0022401253 
SE0022584017 
SE0023115910 
SE0023281399 
SE0021624079 
SE0020386076 
SE0021507308 
DK0061329281 
SE0012564813 
SE0021737657 
SE0022402012 
SE0022442455 
DK0063161823 
NO0013371351 
SE0021624095 
SE0020385565 
FI4000231147 
DK0061874203 
FI4000473749 
DK0062600128 
SE0022401360 
SE0022442562 
DK0063164173 
SE0023280136 
DK0062664876 
SE0020385524 
SE0015667670 
DK0061329604 
NO0012827221 
DK0062598637 
SE0022402350 
SE0022442729 
NO0013346742 
SE0023281977 
DK0062659280 
SE0020385193 
SE0018184640 
DK0060845402 
SE0016132039 
SE0021737780 
SE0022402228 
SE0022442117 
SE0023115530 
NO0013372490 
DK0062664447 
SE0020386696 
SE0017088198 
SE0013930567 
SE0017195092 
SE0021735925 
SE0022409843 
SE0022442638 
SE0023115456 
NO0013392712 
DK0062662821 
SE0020387165 
SE0011168251 
NO0010896293 
SE0017197221 
SE0021737434 
SE0022411047 
SE0022442935 
SE0023115399 
SE0023282058 
DK0062663712 
SE0020387785 
SE0014431631 
NO0010908627 
SE0017197031 
DK0062601019 
SE0022410155 
SE0022443156 
SE0023115951 
SE0023282280 
DK0062662748 
SE0020387421 
SE0010141077 
DK0061911344 
SE0016279954 
SE0021744570 
SE0022408373 
SE0022442422 
SE0023115381 
SE0023281043 
DK0062663209 
SE0020388270 
SE0009983406 
SE0012564839 
SE0015490131 
SE0021744661 
SE0022410387 
SE0022442547 
SE0023116108 
SE0023282900 
DK0062674248 
SE0020387918 
SE0018187510 
FI4000382817 
SE0017197205 
SE0021745502 
SE0022410718 
SE0022442125 
DK0063159173 
SE0023280409 
DK0062671145 
SE0019903204 
SE0021731056 
NO0010955966 
SE0019045675 
SE0021744109 
SE0022409439 
SE0022442893 
SE0023115985 
SE0023281332 
DK0062679635 
SE0019903394 
SE0011169036 
FI4000382858 
SE0017076219 
SE0021745940 
SE0022410304 
SE0022443024 
SE0023115308 
NO0013392480 
DK0062661344 
SE0019903451 
DK0061015930 
SE0021159993 
SE0021621406 
SE0021744315 
SE0022409231 
SE0022442737 
SE0023115316 
SE0023283114 
DK0062659447 
SE0020189199 
SE0021736568 
DK0060962710 
SE0017076375 
SE0021744398 
SE0022410635 
NO0013307181 
SE0023115886 
SE0023282462 
DK0062671301 
SE0017169865 
SE0021621687 
DK0061038395 
SE0010980607 
SE0021744885 
SE0022408258 
SE0022586541 
SE0023116041 
NO0013377879 
NO0013158238 
DK0062112165 
FI4000253760 
SE0020188894 
SE0017076649 
SE0021745700 
SE0022410072 
NO0013307025 
NO0013344515 
SE0023283767 
NO0013154807 
DK0062113056 
SE0021503752 
SE0017166499 
DK0061515319 
SE0021744489 
SE0022410551 
SE0022586558 
SE0023116421 
NO0013378463 
NO0013155051 
SE0020975944 
NO0010957798 
DK0060976504 
SE0017075997 
SE0021744547 
SE0022411641 
SE0022587812 
SE0023118740 
NO0013373316 
NO0013158022 
NO0012845371 
SE0013920048 
DK0060978203 
SE0017076441 
SE0021745858 
SE0022412052 
SE0022587556 
SE0023116637 
SE0023281753 
NO0013154815 
DK0062113999 
DK0061609997 
FI4000492905 
SE0018558272 
SE0021745239 
SE0022411971 
SE0022590733 
SE0023120035 
NO0013372821 
NO0013158402 
DK0062112249 
SE0013920618 
SE0020362424 
SE0017090376 
NO0013125906 
SE0022408688 
SE0022589412 
SE0023121405 
SE0023282793 
NO0013158089 
NO0013047050 
SE0015489075 
SE0016041420 
SE0017089584 
DK0062699070 
SE0022411484 
SE0022593935 
SE0023121165 
SE0023281605 
NO0013155069 
NO0012845389 
SE0009980162 
DK0060995991 
SE0020194488 
SE0021748514 
SE0022409777 
SE0022593240 
DK0063167432 
SE0023282090 
NO0013158162 
NO0012977547 
FI4000439138 
SE0015488150 
FI4000492707 
SE0021748639 
SE0022411567 
NO0013280974 
SE0023115563 
SE0023289103 
NO0013158253 
SE0017164841 
NO0012846783 
SE0014446969 
SE0017090087 
DK0062705737 
SE0022408803 
SE0022583886 
SE0023116462 
DK0063300298 
NO0013155226 
DK0062340386 
NO0010847528 
SE0016598668 
NO0012452970 
SE0021748449 
SE0022410312 
NO0013306506 
SE0023115233 
SE0023290713 
SE0021621869 
SE0021160884 
SE0015664800 
SE0015227905 
SE0017093180 
SE0021748571 
NO0013202788 
SE0022582995 
SE0023115126 
SE0023288550 
SE0021622966 
SE0020387413 
SE0010821884 
SE0017589971 
FI4000316922 
NO0013125724 
NO0013201749 
SE0022585188 
SE0023115704 
SE0023289012 
SE0021623550 
SE0017164817 
FI4000493382 
DK0060976934 
SE0017608185 
SE0021744729 
DK0062869681 
NO0013241869 
DK0063163365 
SE0023287982 
SE0021622198 
SE0017166358 
SE0020187862 
SE0018567299 
SE0011170067 
SE0021745213 
NO0013202416 
SE0022584413 
SE0023115977 
SE0023289517 
SE0021622669 
SE0017165327 
SE0016136345 
SE0020197739 
SE0021161205 
DK0062599874 
NO0013201772 
SE0022443131 
SE0023115480 
DK0063299342 
SE0021621539 
NO0013002527 
SE0015236203 
DK0060876712 
DK0061593977 
NO0013125278 
NO0013202929 
SE0022442679 
SE0023116413 
SE0023288857 
SE0021623022 
SE0017165699 
SE0013529658 
SE0017214141 
DK0062291662 
SE0021745874 
NO0013202671 
SE0022443081 
SE0023115555 
DK0063304019 
SE0021623568 
SE0017165731 
NO0010897036 
SE0014440780 
SE0007496005 
SE0021745122 
NO0013202101 
SE0022443040 
SE0023114962 
SE0023290069 
SE0021623295 
DK0062432076 
SE0020367209 
NO0010828650 
SE0013926854 
SE0021745916 
DK0062869251 
SE0022442992 
SE0023115217 
SE0023288493 
SE0021622396 
SE0021006343 
SE0014430328 
SE0014440863 
DK0061012408 
SE0021744968 
SE0022400933 
SE0022442596 
SE0023115373 
DK0063297809 
SE0021621976 
NO0013041848 
SE0009860125 
SE0019035023 
NO0012975590 
SE0021744422 
SE0022398863 
SE0022443016 
DK0063159769 
SE0023289384 
SE0021621885 
SE0021006889 
SE0010629717 
NO0010913015 
NO0010795107 
SE0021744810 
SE0022399028 
SE0022442711 
SE0023115803 
SE0023290937 
SE0021622024 
DK0062430880 
FI4000365267 
SE0019367681 
SE0021621158 
SE0021745924 
SE0022398947 
SE0022442133 
DK0063159413 
SE0023290218 
SE0021622982 
SE0021006251 
SE0013539723 
SE0014440897 
DK0060965655 
SE0021745296 
SE0022399481 
SE0022442869 
SE0023116397 
SE0023288097 
SE0021623121 
SE0021006004 
SE0010628040 
NO0011035537 
NO0012608282 
SE0021745445 
SE0022400099 
SE0022442158 
SE0023115019 
DK0063308788 
SE0021622438 
DK0062203394 
SE0016838189 
SE0021014099 
SE0012564755 
SE0021745130 
SE0022400735 
SE0022442976 
DK0063161153 
SE0023289350 
SE0021623279 
SE0017167356 
SE0012315349 
DK0062076501 
FI4000316930 
SE0021745395 
SE0022399119 
SE0022443008 
SE0023115787 
SE0023289574 
SE0021733730 
DK0062377388 
SE0018583742 
SE0015227475 
DK0060890622 
SE0021747250 
SE0022399937 
SE0022442513 
SE0023115498 
SE0023289947 
SE0021622842 
SE0020194454 
SE0009859440 
SE0018563579 
SE0015489265 
NO0013125690 
SE0022400404 
SE0022588109 
SE0023115928 
DK0063297569 
SE0021623451 
DK0062201422 
SE0020693471 
SE0019030370 
FI4000436027 
SE0021748522 
SE0022398780 
SE0022592911 
SE0023119011 
SE0023288212 
SE0021622644 
DK0062202073 
NO0010904196 
FI4000463005 
SE0014823688 
SE0021748290 
SE0022400917 
SE0022592119 
SE0023119755 
DK0063298963 
SE0021621711 
DK0062374955 
SE0010358879 
SE0013254679 
SE0019051921 
SE0021748324 
SE0022400685 
SE0022592580 
SE0023120878 
SE0023289590 
SE0021623204 
DK0062199931 
SE0016042071 
SE0019372947 
SE0020698579 
DK0062701157 
SE0022399960 
SE0022590188 
SE0023121686 
DK0063328703

--- Page 176 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 176 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021622040 
SE0021616364 
NO0010902273 
NO0010976616 
NO0010847544 
DK0062696993 
SE0022399945 
SE0022590154 
SE0023122239 
SE0023285200 
SE0021622511 
SE0020387983 
NO0010897739 
NO0010900251 
SE0021015005 
NO0013157552 
SE0022400032 
SE0022588554 
SE0023121504 
NO0013375048 
SE0021623469 
SE0020388346 
FI4000493374 
SE0004446995 
SE0009979214 
SE0021745114 
SE0022402079 
SE0022587739 
SE0023122379 
NO0013378422 
SE0021621844 
SE0020387926 
SE0015236138 
SE0009860281 
DK0061035375 
SE0021746880 
SE0022401683 
SE0022592994 
SE0023120860 
NO0013368852 
SE0021622867 
SE0020387868 
SE0010358846 
SE0013254455 
SE0018565137 
SE0021752359 
SE0022401089 
SE0022591673 
SE0023115118 
SE0023282157 
SE0021621703 
SE0020387769 
SE0017165665 
SE0021159696 
DK0061888930 
SE0021738143 
SE0022402525 
SE0022589750 
SE0023115365 
SE0023280763 
SE0021621679 
SE0020387447 
SE0021493111 
SE0015495478 
SE0004446417 
SE0021737673 
SE0022401188 
SE0022593760 
SE0023115696 
NO0013373324 
SE0021623709 
SE0020387405 
SE0016040745 
NO0010918410 
SE0021499464 
SE0021737798 
DK0062836086 
SE0022593547 
SE0023115829 
SE0023282538 
SE0021623626 
SE0020387835 
FI4000253240 
SE0019364027 
DK0062178851 
NO0013125377 
DK0062834974 
SE0022576955 
SE0023115969 
SE0023281209 
SE0021623378 
SE0020198091 
DK0060857928 
SE0019030313 
SE0011171388 
DK0062599601 
SE0022401196 
SE0022446423 
NO0013340174 
NO0013377630 
SE0021623238 
SE0020193977 
SE0016136444 
DK0061444544 
DK0060829125 
SE0021738184 
SE0022401667 
SE0022446837 
SE0023115415 
SE0023282686 
SE0021621398 
SE0020194215 
FI4000231097 
NO0012823618 
SE0018185043 
SE0021737616 
SE0022401063 
DK0062971297 
DK0063156153 
NO0013392662 
SE0021623253 
SE0020978567 
SE0018199523 
DK0061196466 
DK0061495371 
SE0021744851 
SE0022401170 
DK0063001037 
SE0023116017 
SE0023282363 
SE0021619749 
SE0020380095 
SE0015947221 
DK0061181518 
SE0013928397 
SE0021744471 
DK0062833307 
DK0063001383 
SE0023115589 
SE0023283817 
SE0021619301 
SE0020197796 
SE0019370339 
SE0009979792 
SE0015496682 
SE0021744737 
SE0022401279 
DK0063000658 
DK0063163795 
SE0023281878 
SE0021620309 
SE0020196137 
SE0019903576 
DK0061307048 
FI4000460720 
SE0021744125 
SE0022401550 
DK0063000575 
SE0023115662 
NO0013378273 
SE0021618840 
NO0013086553 
NO0010906480 
DK0061181278 
DK0062449393 
SE0021746179 
SE0022402475 
DK0063000732 
DK0063156070 
NO0013368605 
SE0021620812 
DK0062230603 
SE0009859762 
NO0010976681 
NO0010829054 
SE0021744158 
SE0022401055 
DK0063001110 
SE0023115167 
NO0013392530 
SE0021619723 
SE0020373298 
DK0062634887 
SE0018573313 
SE0011761550 
SE0021745643 
SE0022402236 
NO0013306555 
SE0023115753 
SE0023282322 
SE0021620143 
DK0062113213 
NO0011023681 
DK0061180973 
DK0061445863 
SE0021745684 
SE0022411815 
SE0022583829 
DK0063163522 
SE0023280680 
SE0021618774 
NO0012845439 
DK0060847960 
NO0012428061 
SE0017214240 
SE0021746153 
SE0022410809 
NO0013242164 
SE0023115647 
SE0023282850 
NO0013157974 
DK0062114450 
SE0021179652 
SE0018562621 
SE0009859606 
SE0021744752 
SE0022410239 
NO0013306357 
NO0013346577 
NO0013372722 
SE0021619103 
NO0012845447 
FI4000318571 
SE0015667985 
SE0011761568 
SE0021746146 
SE0022410080 
SE0022583050 
SE0023115670 
SE0023283270 
SE0021619632 
SE0021504503 
NO0010848096 
DK0061181435 
DK0061589272 
SE0021745742 
SE0022411328 
SE0022585618 
NO0013349795 
SE0023283064 
SE0021618634 
SE0020363307 
SE0011170729 
SE0016279806 
SE0021164019 
SE0021748225 
SE0022408274 
SE0022585253 
SE0023115357 
SE0023282025 
SE0021621323 
SE0020362747 
SE0014436705 
SE0015670237 
SE0017198484 
NO0013125682 
SE0022410486 
SE0022585543 
SE0023115597 
NO0013373134 
SE0021618824 
SE0021175312 
DK0061363546 
SE0013926359 
SE0017198419 
SE0021748340 
SE0022410569 
SE0022442851 
NO0013350207 
SE0023280334 
SE0021619384 
SE0020362192 
SE0015240015 
NO0010825524 
SE0014818332 
DK0062703443 
SE0022408589 
SE0022442927 
SE0023115571 
NO0013392639 
SE0021619988 
SE0020363281 
SE0011170778 
NO0010914831 
SE0017198518 
SE0021748613 
SE0022408894 
SE0022442794 
SE0023116009 
SE0023281290 
SE0021619855 
NO0013122515 
SE0021510260 
SE0017076276 
SE0017198906 
SE0021751989 
SE0022409785 
SE0022442828 
SE0023115183 
SE0023282785 
SE0021620663 
SE0020361434 
SE0011169648 
FI4000382684 
SE0014448551 
SE0021752367 
SE0022412169 
SE0022442836 
SE0023115340 
SE0023282165 
SE0021619152 
DK0062631511 
SE0012322469 
SE0014824660 
SE0015236179 
NO0013205559 
SE0022408787 
SE0022442554 
SE0023115142 
NO0013392597 
SE0021620689 
SE0020362515 
DK0061209970 
SE0013927704 
SE0017198500 
SE0021737665 
SE0022411088 
SE0022442463 
SE0023120365 
SE0023282496 
SE0021620226 
SE0020363588 
SE0019904970 
SE0014449443 
SE0017198880 
SE0021737590 
SE0022409025 
SE0022443073 
SE0023119318 
NO0013373399 
NO0013158337 
SE0020363331 
SE0013933991 
NO0010977036 
SE0021155223 
SE0021737889 
SE0022411005 
SE0022442885 
SE0023119375 
NO0013376210 
SE0021619426 
SE0020363455 
DK0060837227 
SE0016598585 
NO0012429515 
SE0021737996 
SE0022409801 
SE0022591236 
SE0023120415 
SE0023282728 
SE0021620770 
SE0020363497 
SE0012314284 
FI4000050349 
NO0012913724 
SE0021737582 
SE0022408266 
SE0022590949 
SE0023119037 
SE0023283460 
SE0021619707 
SE0020362341 
SE0021504438 
DK0061698644 
SE0019372418 
SE0021738176 
NO0013202424 
SE0022590329 
SE0023120571 
NO0013371377 
SE0021619640 
SE0020361178 
SE0017215932 
SE0012567477 
SE0013917333 
SE0021738051 
NO0013201780 
SE0022588588 
SE0023121116 
NO0013392720 
SE0021621034 
DK0062184909 
SE0009859515 
SE0012567493 
DK0062060265 
SE0021744828 
NO0013202515 
SE0022592713 
SE0023121603 
NO0013376921 
SE0021621349 
DK0062189114 
DK0062351078 
FI4000492632 
SE0017209554 
SE0021744307 
NO0013202341 
SE0022589461 
NO0013346585 
SE0023283429 
SE0021620507 
NO0012845173 
SE0009861552 
SE0021507910 
SE0017214182 
SE0021744778 
NO0013202093 
SE0022593299 
SE0023121462 
SE0023281282 
SE0021620523 
SE0018539363 
SE0016280838 
FI4000421821 
DK0061298627 
SE0021745718 
NO0013202747 
SE0022589834 
SE0023109889 
SE0023283601 
SE0021619236 
SE0019892498 
SE0010983171 
DK0062411823 
SE0017213937 
SE0021746039 
NO0013203109 
SE0022591459 
DK0063152400 
SE0023283809 
SE0021619483 
SE0021621968 
SE0005219078 
NO0012828583 
SE0017091978 
SE0021744075 
NO0013202606 
SE0022588885 
SE0023109863 
NO0013370668 
SE0021618931 
SE0015663356 
SE0009859655 
FI4000462965 
NO0010913288 
SE0021744919 
NO0013202697 
SE0022593174 
DK0063142955 
SE0023287701 
NO0013155002 
SE0017075815 
DK0062670840 
SE0011171396 
SE0017091002 
SE0021745247 
SE0022400339 
SE0022589107 
SE0023115613 
SE0023289269 
SE0021619764 
SE0017165301 
NO0012977554 
SE0021506367 
SE0021507258 
SE0021747219 
SE0022398939 
SE0022587424 
SE0023115688 
DK0063304795 
SE0021619848 
SE0012959351 
SE0016136246 
FI4000166525 
SE0017075898 
SE0021745254 
SE0022399127 
SE0022593091 
SE0023115092 
SE0023288394 
SE0021620747 
DK0062205845 
SE0019042615 
DK0060977072 
NO0010913031 
SE0021745965 
SE0022398772 
SE0022593588 
SE0023115993 
SE0023289905 
SE0021619277 
DK0062199501 
SE0015667266 
DK0061582509 
SE0021507506 
SE0021747383 
SE0022400511 
SE0022592390 
SE0023115514 
SE0023289798 
SE0021621133 
DK0062203717 
NO0013003806 
NO0010899974 
SE0017215908 
SE0021744596 
SE0022399978 
SE0022588307 
SE0023115860 
DK0063313275

--- Page 177 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 177 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021619939 
DK0062200374 
NO0012911835 
SE0011169556 
FI4000459987 
SE0021745841 
SE0022398681 
SE0022593505 
DK0063163449 
SE0023287875 
SE0021620382 
SE0021615788 
DK0061322351 
DK0061020427 
SE0017215833 
SE0021748357 
SE0022398707 
NO0013307215 
SE0023116439 
DK0063297726 
SE0021624236 
SE0017168966 
SE0018566275 
SE0021157336 
SE0017216179 
NO0013157354 
SE0022399994 
SE0022587705 
SE0023116454 
DK0063310925 
SE0021625514 
DK0062200028 
SE0017075831 
NO0010918725 
DK0062554424 
SE0021748407 
SE0022400891 
SE0022575320 
SE0023115472 
DK0063308275 
NO0013154617 
DK0062199261 
SE0018539389 
SE0017580806 
SE0017215643 
SE0021748423 
SE0022399275 
DK0062971966 
SE0023115837 
SE0023288352 
SE0021624251 
SE0018554016 
NO0010910227 
SE0013918059 
SE0018543126 
SE0021748555 
SE0022400156 
DK0062974630 
NO0013347179 
SE0023287818 
SE0021624392 
DK0062352985 
NO0010976806 
NO0010795156 
FI4000430277 
NO0013125666 
SE0022399465 
NO0013240325 
NO0013348813 
DK0063309919 
DK0062657904 
SE0018548695 
SE0015667654 
DK0062435764 
FI4000316955 
SE0021752417 
SE0022399432 
SE0022446555 
SE0023115241 
DK0063302310 
DK0062666657 
SE0018548745 
NO0013158279 
NO0010901424 
DK0061035888 
SE0021752300 
SE0022399176 
DK0062971107 
DK0063198825 
SE0023290077 
DK0062665253 
SE0018549883 
NO0010902695 
FI4000215355 
SE0017166341 
DK0062595377 
SE0022399903 
DK0062976338 
DK0063187547 
SE0023289624 
DK0062669917 
SE0018549156 
SE0013932407 
SE0017568660 
SE0021734183 
DK0062599015 
SE0022400149 
SE0022583076 
DK0063223441 
DK0063309240 
DK0062669594 
SE0021156544 
DK0061035961 
NO0012440231 
SE0021623311 
SE0021743119 
SE0022400248 
DK0063005103 
DK0063201983 
DK0063304449 
DK0062664603 
SE0020194645 
SE0020187730 
DK0061014610 
SE0021008273 
SE0021743127 
SE0022402368 
SE0022583209 
DK0063198312 
DK0063318829 
DK0062661690 
SE0020194082 
NO0012827106 
SE0019057944 
SE0011975036 
SE0021743085 
SE0022401006 
SE0022583175 
DK0063202288 
SE0023284377 
DK0062670923 
SE0021499498 
SE0018203374 
SE0020188928 
FI4000435789 
SE0021743077 
SE0022401261 
SE0022584603 
DK0063206008 
SE0023134853 
DK0062675484 
DK0062226098 
DK0062650305 
FI4000346549 
SE0013934064 
SE0021743069 
DK0062837720 
DK0063009287 
DK0063213210 
NO0013394544 
DK0062658639 
SE0020195485 
NO0012744046 
SE0018171381 
SE0021506086 
SE0021743101 
SE0022401436 
DK0063001896 
DK0063207402 
SE0023291745 
DK0062660965 
SE0020197663 
SE0011168707 
SE0013254349 
DK0061036183 
SE0021743044 
SE0022402566 
DK0063004213 
DK0063174560 
DK0063315130 
DK0062659363 
SE0021733656 
SE0013251105 
SE0013250677 
NO0012999970 
SE0021743093 
SE0022401618 
SE0022442521 
DK0063191309 
DK0063320643 
DK0062676615 
NO0012997321 
SE0017215031 
SE0021733805 
SE0007694385 
SE0021743036 
DK0062837647 
SE0022442984 
DK0063202361 
NO0013394692 
DK0062673513 
SE0018547937 
DK0061216918 
SE0021621729 
SE0021620267 
SE0021743051 
SE0022402129 
SE0022442109 
DK0063212915 
SE0023291216 
DK0062666731 
DK0062161022 
SE0015945902 
SE0013929890 
DK0061617909 
SE0021744976 
SE0022401832 
SE0022442646 
DK0063219845 
SE0023291778 
SE0021622818 
SE0019910803 
SE0013254844 
SE0021017555 
SE0017196686 
SE0021744638 
SE0022401014 
SE0022442802 
DK0063213723 
DK0063316617 
SE0021623089 
SE0019912080 
SE0014823399 
SE0021009925 
SE0020195212 
SE0021744844 
DK0062834628 
SE0022442604 
DK0063219415 
SE0023285788 
SE0021621810 
SE0019912049 
SE0018574006 
SE0013927605 
NO0013047472 
SE0021745791 
SE0022401915 
SE0022443065 
DK0063210620 
SE0023281415 
SE0021622495 
SE0020198885 
SE0021505369 
SE0015496443 
SE0014823381 
SE0021744174 
SE0022401113 
SE0022442497 
DK0063213996 
SE0023282223 
SE0021623170 
SE0019910795 
NO0010887870 
NO0010847858 
SE0017208259 
SE0021748076 
SE0022401659 
SE0022442877 
SE0023121710 
NO0013368845 
SE0021622701 
SE0020361723 
SE0016136139 
SE0020698330 
SE0016280952 
SE0021745759 
SE0022404158 
SE0022442687 
DK0063225818 
SE0023283833 
SE0021622172 
SE0020361129 
SE0012568137 
DK0061175973 
SE0011761394 
SE0021744067 
SE0022412086 
SE0022442745 
DK0063185178 
SE0023281795 
SE0021622115 
SE0020363463 
SE0015497961 
NO0010918311 
NO0012997453 
SE0021747581 
SE0022408415 
SE0022591640 
DK0063205547 
SE0023280250 
SE0021621471 
SE0020362465 
NO0010824642 
SE0016039259 
DK0061496189 
SE0021744901 
SE0022409355 
SE0022589743 
DK0063220777 
SE0023283775 
SE0021622461 
SE0020361590 
NO0012823402 
DK0060875318 
NO0011022592 
SE0021744521 
SE0022410924 
SE0022587838 
DK0063219175 
SE0023283361 
SE0021623071 
SE0020978492 
NO0010848195 
NO0012765926 
FI4000367925 
SE0021745817 
SE0022410031 
SE0022593166 
DK0063174800 
SE0023281373 
SE0021621463 
SE0020361012 
NO0010777378 
SE0004580488 
SE0021153186 
SE0021744364 
SE0022411278 
SE0022591079 
DK0063199559 
SE0023280474 
SE0021621877 
SE0020198364 
SE0019056888 
NO0010881196 
SE0021015062 
SE0021745288 
SE0022410593 
SE0022589552 
DK0063214457 
NO0013392381 
SE0021622289 
SE0020199420 
DK0061452992 
NO0010899677 
NO0010900624 
SE0021745734 
SE0022411351 
SE0022591608 
DK0063200233 
SE0023282306 
SE0021623543 
SE0020199461 
NO0013001297 
SE0013930229 
SE0016042295 
SE0021744984 
SE0022411179 
SE0022589826 
DK0063175450 
SE0023283338 
SE0021623006 
SE0020198521 
NO0010792690 
SE0016279707 
NO0012608233 
SE0021744695 
SE0022409173 
SE0022591780 
DK0063225222 
NO0013371732 
SE0021622693 
SE0020199305 
NO0010900848 
SE0015236476 
DK0061012325 
SE0021748266 
SE0022409090 
SE0022590063 
DK0063221668 
SE0023281589 
SE0021621901 
SE0020992279 
NO0010897192 
SE0017213853 
DK0062073599 
SE0021748548 
SE0022410189 
SE0022587317 
DK0063178041 
SE0023281126 
SE0021622057 
SE0020199586 
SE0015670252 
DK0060873297 
DK0062436309 
SE0021748621 
SE0022410676 
SE0022591863 
DK0063189402 
SE0023280425 
SE0021622677 
SE0020198174 
SE0016286918 
DK0061054913 
SE0015500111 
SE0021748399 
SE0022409363 
SE0022446688 
DK0063195565 
SE0023282926 
SE0021624103 
SE0020198893 
FI4000215256 
NO0012995754 
SE0015489018 
SE0021748373 
SE0022410122 
SE0022576146 
DK0063210976 
SE0023281506 
NO0013090126 
SE0020199610 
DK0061092921 
NO0011141830 
SE0013251964 
DK0062600201 
SE0022411187 
SE0022446449 
DK0063174644 
NO0013372169 
SE0021624053 
SE0020198372 
SE0019374794 
SE0011753177 
SE0012314292 
SE0021738036 
NO0013202986 
SE0022584082 
DK0063217047 
SE0023280813 
SE0021623501 
SE0020199735 
SE0015670294 
SE0019027681 
SE0015495700 
NO0013125369 
NO0013202762 
SE0022585451 
DK0063203336 
SE0023280920 
SE0021623352 
SE0021622552 
SE0008654263 
FI4000318563 
SE0019367400 
SE0021738499 
NO0013202796 
SE0022583167 
DK0063186069 
NO0013372086 
SE0021623188 
SE0020199651 
NO0010908825 
SE0012313831 
SE0015225594 
SE0021736154 
NO0013202010 
SE0022585733 
SE0023122775 
SE0023282124 
SE0021622834 
SE0018584237 
SE0016046874 
NO0010794514 
SE0020193969 
DK0062600391 
NO0013202564 
SE0022584207 
SE0023126974 
SE0023283163 
SE0021621513 
SE0016044002 
SE0011168749 
SE0018171597 
SE0014440905 
NO0013156190 
NO0013245506 
SE0022584124 
SE0023126420 
SE0023281951 
SE0021622446 
SE0016043970 
SE0016136865 
DK0060702215 
DK0061015187 
DK0062590733 
NO0013202382 
SE0022584421 
SE0023126164 
SE0023282215 
SE0021622636 
FI4000047519 
SE0009859812 
SE0006341236 
SE0017214398 
SE0021744745 
NO0013202770 
SE0022584710 
SE0023126404 
SE0023280805

--- Page 178 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 178 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021622479 
DK0062056230 
SE0011169051 
SE0016128433 
SE0019058728 
SE0021745999 
NO0013202044 
NO0013306696 
SE0023125885 
NO0013377481 
SE0021619160 
SE0020363059 
DK0060666824 
NO0010898349 
SE0017214430 
SE0021744299 
SE0022400750 
SE0022585915 
SE0023126966 
NO0013369041 
SE0021620358 
SE0020361087 
SE0010980599 
DK0060999712 
SE0017213002 
SE0021745015 
SE0022400131 
SE0022586418 
DK0063219928 
SE0023282488 
SE0021620259 
DK0062480125 
SE0009980006 
SE0018568883 
SE0009979628 
SE0021745676 
SE0022399135 
SE0022586350 
DK0063202874 
SE0023282470 
SE0021620994 
SE0020361871 
NO0010900418 
SE0009861339 
SE0017214471 
SE0021745668 
SE0022399184 
SE0022586202 
DK0063211867 
SE0023281431 
SE0021618808 
SE0020361632 
SE0009892516 
SE0011171149 
SE0021733144 
SE0021745387 
SE0022398566 
SE0022586319 
DK0063204300 
NO0013369058 
SE0021620796 
SE0020361343 
SE0018547556 
SE0017075880 
SE0017089451 
SE0021746120 
SE0022400800 
SE0022586400 
DK0063175534 
SE0023282348 
SE0021620119 
SE0020363067 
SE0015228515 
SE0014823464 
SE0018184608 
SE0021748084 
SE0022400230 
SE0022589602 
DK0063228085 
NO0013378158 
SE0021618949 
SE0020362036 
FI4000316195 
SE0021164175 
SE0014816443 
SE0021745189 
SE0022399804 
SE0022588208 
DK0063227350 
SE0023281803 
SE0021618832 
SE0020363018 
SE0014809372 
DK0061505005 
SE0017589799 
SE0021744604 
SE0022399754 
SE0022592382 
DK0063208210 
SE0023281779 
SE0021620804 
SE0021014719 
NO0010794043 
SE0015666011 
SE0017590102 
SE0021744679 
SE0022399069 
SE0022587150 
DK0063215504 
SE0023282819 
SE0021620408 
SE0020361822 
SE0015233606 
SE0012567972 
SE0017590227 
SE0021745726 
SE0022400214 
SE0022589206 
DK0063189246 
NO0013371104 
SE0021619921 
SE0020362127 
SE0009861198 
SE0015945928 
DK0061455904 
SE0021744331 
SE0022400354 
SE0022592010 
DK0063189915 
SE0023280326 
NO0013154013 
SE0020363570 
SE0009979263 
FI4000492913 
NO0010897119 
SE0021746757 
SE0022400909 
SE0022587309 
DK0063196456 
NO0013376822 
NO0013089896 
NO0013044347 
SE0020362440 
SE0020198547 
SE0017214711 
SE0021744455 
SE0022400271 
SE0022591632 
DK0063225149 
NO0013375477 
NO0013089979 
NO0012872482 
SE0015485149 
SE0015948187 
FI4000253018 
SE0021745023 
SE0022398814 
SE0022591590 
DK0063214101 
SE0023280953 
NO0013089987 
SE0018550089 
SE0009979990 
SE0009861487 
SE0019059817 
SE0021745155 
DK0062858643 
SE0022590741 
DK0063177589 
SE0023282736 
NO0013153874 
DK0062335543 
NO0010797251 
DK0061008489 
DK0062673190 
SE0021745866 
SE0022404133 
SE0022590790 
DK0063211438 
SE0023280185 
NO0013153833 
SE0018549446 
SE0021734399 
FI4000442637 
SE0020363265 
SE0021745494 
DK0062864963 
SE0022591434 
DK0063194089 
DK0063301502 
NO0013153882 
SE0018551467 
NO0012845926 
DK0060867562 
SE0018561896 
SE0021745957 
SE0022404182 
SE0022593257 
DK0063203252 
DK0063297056 
NO0013153965 
SE0018548786 
SE0011170786 
SE0018566044 
SE0019894734 
SE0021744448 
DK0062847364 
SE0022446407 
DK0063218011 
SE0023287933 
NO0013089839 
SE0018548968 
DK0061621265 
SE0013924198 
SE0010627992 
SE0021740917 
DK0062864021 
SE0022577730 
DK0063203096 
SE0023288907 
NO0013153841 
SE0018548828 
SE0021621208 
SE0021171717 
SE0020362630 
SE0021740925 
SE0022404380 
SE0022446365 
DK0063208053 
SE0023290168 
NO0013090001 
SE0018548901 
NO0010825763 
DK0062287207 
SE0018584211 
SE0021739794 
DK0062850152 
DK0062971370 
DK0063190921 
SE0023287784 
NO0013153890 
SE0018551251 
SE0020978419 
SE0020199693 
SE0017166366 
SE0021737897 
DK0062859534 
DK0062975017 
DK0063140231 
SE0023288543 
NO0013089763 
SE0018550444 
SE0009860075 
FI4000254412 
SE0017222706 
SE0021738192 
DK0062847521 
NO0013306738 
NO0013346726 
SE0023288378 
NO0013153858 
SE0018548711 
SE0020361301 
DK0061618634 
SE0015489315 
SE0021737533 
DK0062864104 
DK0063002944 
NO0013344150 
DK0063306816 
NO0013153908 
NO0012828575 
SE0021180908 
NO0010896426 
SE0017222441 
NO0013125385 
DK0062862918 
SE0022585501 
SE0023106414 
SE0023288402 
NO0013153866 
NO0010896244 
NO0010825789 
SE0021007788 
NO0012824541 
SE0021737632 
SE0022404018 
NO0013306332 
DK0063136205 
DK0063312970 
NO0013089938 
NO0013044834 
SE0021013687 
NO0012826967 
SE0017221724 
NO0013125328 
DK0062859617 
NO0013306522 
DK0063135900 
SE0023289087 
NO0013153916 
SE0015957683 
NO0012997719 
FI4000316286 
FI4000493416 
DK0062600474 
SE0022410049 
SE0022585998 
NO0013345538 
DK0063302583 
NO0013089698 
SE0013915287 
SE0015951116 
SE0013929825 
SE0021164290 
SE0021737970 
SE0022410601 
SE0022586137 
SE0023106497 
DK0063304878 
NO0013153999 
SE0018556227 
SE0011171206 
SE0019045410 
DK0061012598 
SE0021741220 
SE0022408639 
SE0022586335 
SE0023106455 
SE0023287677 
NO0013153791 
SE0019912056 
NO0010900582 
SE0013929817 
SE0012315240 
SE0021742848 
SE0022409082 
SE0022585824 
DK0063141395 
SE0023290200 
NO0013153726 
NO0013042176 
DK0061007325 
SE0021503620 
SE0014823795 
SE0021743010 
SE0022408837 
SE0022585931 
DK0063139225 
SE0023283890 
NO0013089706 
DK0062343729 
SE0014431045 
SE0009979404 
DK0062356465 
SE0021742863 
SE0022412185 
SE0022586293 
DK0063209101 
SE0023291521 
NO0013154005 
SE0019910662 
NO0010824345 
SE0020695666 
FI4000365309 
SE0021740586 
SE0022411948 
SE0022586392 
DK0063193354 
SE0023291075 
DK0062644845 
DK0062160990 
NO0012745225 
SE0018185696 
SE0011168673 
SE0021739299 
SE0022409371 
SE0022586251 
DK0063193867 
SE0023284062 
SE0021509841 
SE0020189025 
SE0020696425 
FI4000493218 
DK0061482049 
SE0021179314 
SE0022410445 
SE0022585980 
DK0063195482 
SE0023286224 
DK0062645149 
NO0012845884 
SE0014437380 
FI4000420120 
SE0012315042 
SE0018568727 
SE0022411534 
SE0022585873 
DK0063190418 
SE0023284351 
SE0021511748 
SE0019895822 
DK0061001559 
SE0019051335 
SE0015239876 
SE0019904996 
SE0022409298 
SE0022589081 
DK0063212832 
DK0063315486 
SE0021510476 
SE0019895624 
NO0010824501 
SE0019023391 
SE0018566770 
SE0018568693 
SE0022408324 
SE0022589917 
DK0063207915 
SE0023285028 
SE0021511250 
SE0020199198 
SE0021507043 
FI4000493119 
SE0019363540 
SE0018568735 
SE0022411377 
SE0022588463 
DK0063214028 
NO0013397109 
DK0062646543 
SE0020198745 
FI4000407184 
SE0021506011 
SE0014823530 
SE0019363706 
SE0022411195 
SE0022591855 
DK0063213137 
SE0023291885 
DK0062649562 
SE0020198455 
SE0021012614 
DK0061011277 
DK0061209624 
SE0018568719 
SE0022410940 
SE0022592374 
DK0063185095 
SE0023280565 
SE0021510674 
SE0020198786 
NO0010896533 
DK0062643367 
DK0060999126 
SE0018568750 
SE0022410619 
SE0022590303 
DK0063209374 
NO0013372300 
DK0062648325 
SE0020198331 
FI4000316518 
SE0015667753 
SE0020991859 
SE0020976363 
SE0022410692 
SE0022590410 
DK0063186812 
SE0023282553 
DK0062640850 
SE0020199396 
SE0016279202 
SE0014445383 
SE0021153848 
DK0061902947 
SE0022410429 
SE0022592440 
DK0063175963 
SE0023282017 
SE0021509858 
SE0020198612 
SE0019054669 
SE0016279244 
SE0013931045 
SE0017597594 
DK0062870853 
SE0022593083 
DK0063205380 
SE0023283700 
SE0021511755 
SE0020198984 
SE0015941000 
SE0018185472 
SE0018587958 
SE0019030107 
NO0013202473 
SE0022587804 
DK0063221908 
NO0013392746 
SE0021508728 
SE0020199438 
SE0013930161 
SE0017590086 
SE0021618121 
SE0017597586 
NO0013161729 
SE0022592887 
DK0063186739 
NO0013369066 
DK0062641825 
SE0020199024 
DK0062227146 
SE0014445466 
SE0013920071 
DK0061210200 
NO0013202580 
SE0022588240 
DK0063188354 
NO0013369728

--- Page 179 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 179 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062645578 
SE0019903378 
NO0012438748 
DK0060873610 
SE0015952320 
SE0016591770 
NO0013202689 
SE0022593778 
DK0063199476 
SE0023283528 
DK0062652517 
NO0013122804 
FI4000316385 
DK0061958659 
NO0010847585 
SE0017597610 
NO0013202192 
SE0022591194 
DK0063208640 
SE0023281027 
SE0021510484 
SE0019903261 
DK0061307121 
SE0020697696 
DK0061766821 
SE0017597578 
NO0013202457 
SE0022591350 
DK0063218607 
SE0023280144 
DK0062653598 
SE0019903709 
DK0061157807 
DK0061181351 
DK0061793478 
SE0018561623 
NO0013202317 
SE0022575312 
SE0023127162 
SE0023282330 
SE0021510146 
SE0019903519 
NO0010903701 
SE0019053380 
SE0011168988 
SE0019364019 
SE0022399267 
DK0062974556 
SE0023125836 
SE0023281449 
DK0062647434 
SE0019903469 
FI4000262944 
DK0061258753 
SE0018563033 
SE0017597602 
SE0022398848 
DK0062973665 
SE0023126958 
NO0013392605 
DK0062650578 
SE0019903212 
SE0020380996 
SE0021503646 
SE0012322253 
SE0018585655 
SE0022399473 
SE0022446597 
SE0023127089 
SE0023283262 
SE0021511722 
SE0019903402 
DK0061000239 
DK0061258670 
SE0021002581 
SE0016793103 
SE0022399234 
SE0022446340 
SE0023125927 
NO0013375071 
SE0021511763 
SE0020359594 
SE0018572208 
SE0011168830 
SE0020359313 
SE0018586299 
SE0022399630 
NO0013242024 
DK0063211008 
SE0023280847 
SE0021511318 
SE0020359214 
FI4000252929 
SE0021011608 
NO0010896715 
NO0010882574 
SE0022400834 
DK0063008719 
DK0063186309 
SE0023282769 
DK0062641908 
SE0020360386 
SE0014447025 
DK0061556859 
SE0021490836 
NO0012726316 
SE0022400065 
NO0013242115 
DK0063176938 
SE0023282231 
SE0021508744 
SE0020360246 
FI4000316245 
SE0016279574 
NO0013044305 
SE0019372590 
SE0022399085 
DK0063008396 
DK0063190178 
SE0023281191 
SE0021511276 
SE0020199388 
SE0009983273 
SE0011168699 
SE0009979966 
NO0012726100 
SE0022400545 
DK0063007828 
DK0063224845 
NO0013375535 
DK0062646709 
SE0020200418 
NO0010976400 
SE0020190726 
SE0016044226 
SE0015485438 
SE0022399283 
NO0013241976 
SE0023131909 
NO0013392464 
SE0021510153 
SE0020199966 
FI4000393202 
DK0061297306 
SE0018566325 
NO0012725672 
SE0022400677 
SE0022583159 
SE0023131669 
SE0023282264 
DK0062644175 
SE0020185106 
SE0015236146 
NO0010906779 
SE0020696516 
NO0013130492 
DK0062858809 
SE0022583126 
SE0023106646 
SE0023280862 
DK0062650651 
FI4000538236 
SE0016791396 
SE0011423425 
SE0009860133 
NO0012726225 
DK0062861514 
NO0013306670 
DK0063139498 
NO0013373050 
SE0021511730 
SE0020200954 
NO0013044313 
SE0012321677 
SE0009860182 
NO0012745183 
SE0022404299 
DK0063004569 
DK0063140314 
SE0023281621 
SE0021508629 
FI4000538285 
NO0010792260 
SE0011423409 
NO0010796022 
SE0018549370 
SE0022404166 
SE0022575874 
NO0013348714 
SE0023280284 
DK0062643953 
SE0020200947 
DK0060838548 
SE0018558652 
DK0061888500 
NO0012726472 
DK0062847604 
SE0022592515 
DK0063135827 
NO0013377317 
SE0021511771 
FI4000538244 
SE0016280788 
SE0015485115 
SE0021008216 
DK0061010626 
DK0062865267 
SE0022588679 
DK0063138920 
SE0023283387 
DK0062642047 
SE0021507985 
SE0021493301 
FI4000215306 
SE0017589849 
NO0012658444 
DK0062850319 
SE0022592531 
NO0013344655 
SE0023281720 
DK0062645735 
SE0020201606 
SE0015227095 
SE0014809182 
SE0021622826 
SE0017590151 
SE0022404174 
SE0022591715 
SE0023106489 
SE0023283056 
DK0062643011 
SE0021177631 
DK0062449633 
SE0011423581 
SE0017589807 
SE0018577892 
DK0062847794 
SE0022591889 
SE0023106448 
SE0023280169 
SE0021510500 
SE0021506771 
NO0010898141 
SE0012314870 
SE0017590110 
SE0019372889 
SE0022404034 
SE0022591731 
DK0063136478 
SE0023281092 
DK0062653754 
FI4000492970 
DK0060716868 
FI4000492988 
SE0017589732 
SE0018184988 
DK0062864377 
SE0022588315 
DK0063139738 
NO0013370494 
DK0062646899 
SE0016835631 
DK0060827939 
NO0012657628 
SE0017590235 
SE0018184541 
SE0022404075 
SE0022590832 
DK0063138680 
SE0023282660 
SE0021510070 
SE0013927449 
SE0021488376 
SE0020371698 
SE0017589815 
DK0062449559 
DK0062860896 
SE0022592333 
NO0013340778 
SE0023282207 
SE0021510161 
SE0015952403 
SE0020387751 
SE0011425735 
FI4000252473 
SE0018185258 
DK0062849576 
NO0013307223 
DK0063204060 
NO0013376970 
DK0062647780 
FI4000425749 
SE0020188712 
SE0011423664 
NO0011132557 
SE0020376085 
DK0062863213 
SE0022587325 
DK0063189089 
SE0023283098 
DK0062644258 
SE0015948179 
SE0011170117 
SE0019029992 
SE0017590029 
NO0012657586 
SE0022404190 
DK0062972345 
DK0063233754 
NO0013377325 
DK0062650735 
SE0015948211 
SE0019910274 
SE0011171214 
SE0020384584 
NO0012822800 
SE0022412110 
SE0022446720 
SE0023124615 
SE0023280672 
SE0021622255 
DK0061465705 
SE0018571630 
SE0018185035 
NO0010899750 
DK0062390720 
SE0022409967 
SE0022446480 
NO0013341453 
SE0023289632 
DK0062652004 
DK0061910882 
SE0019027467 
DK0061906500 
DK0060965812 
SE0017164825 
SE0022410536 
NO0013306571 
SE0023123492 
DK0063301775 
SE0021616224 
SE0015952312 
DK0061978681 
SE0017222458 
SE0017589898 
DK0061888690 
SE0022408860 
SE0022585717 
DK0063232194 
SE0023290143 
SE0021615994 
SE0016835177 
SE0016039093 
SE0010128413 
DK0061625845 
SE0021741568 
SE0022408662 
NO0013306662 
DK0063232517 
SE0023289954 
SE0021617388 
SE0020188910 
DK0061007754 
SE0013917002 
SE0021002201 
SE0021739653 
SE0022409835 
SE0022585535 
SE0023123419 
SE0023288667 
SE0021616497 
SE0020188464 
NO0013003335 
DK0061498714 
SE0017612559 
SE0021741485 
SE0022410148 
DK0063001540 
SE0023125679 
DK0063307038 
SE0021616612 
SE0020189264 
SE0018577686 
SE0009979545 
DK0061626223 
SE0021739752 
SE0022409751 
SE0022585287 
SE0023130703 
SE0023288956 
SE0021620531 
SE0020697068 
NO0012823071 
DK0061873742 
SE0017610496 
SE0020365625 
SE0022411468 
DK0062977492 
SE0023130760 
SE0023290515 
SE0021620127 
SE0020189165 
DK0061447646 
FI4000318779 
SE0012820926 
SE0020189173 
SE0022410957 
SE0022446431 
SE0023130109 
SE0023287974 
SE0021619210 
SE0020188951 
SE0012564391 
FI4000316526 
DK0061624608 
SE0017600927 
SE0022410379 
SE0022591285 
SE0023130521 
SE0023287883 
SE0021620275 
SE0020188795 
SE0013932647 
DK0060964419 
SE0021493145 
SE0017600620 
SE0022411872 
SE0022591152 
SE0023130976 
SE0023289871 
DK0062674750 
SE0020188183 
SE0016039010 
SE0011752799 
SE0018176877 
NO0010901606 
SE0022408654 
SE0022592663 
DK0063137526 
SE0023290473 
SE0021620192 
NO0013042549 
SE0016792998 
SE0016132021 
DK0062667119 
SE0016279525 
SE0022409926 
SE0022586939 
DK0063142013 
SE0023288360 
SE0021618857 
SE0021506847 
FI4000316914 
SE0021616604 
SE0021499837 
SE0017221633 
SE0022411492 
SE0022587887 
DK0063136981 
SE0023290424 
SE0021619665 
SE0018546400 
DK0060882876 
NO0012726464 
DK0061703741 
NO0012823907 
SE0022412060 
SE0022590584 
SE0023106273 
DK0063313861 
DK0062656187 
DK0062134805 
SE0016279855 
SE0019374539 
SE0021012820 
NO0012553389 
SE0022411989 
SE0022587754 
DK0063140744 
DK0063308945 
DK0062672978 
DK0062679981 
NO0010900459 
NO0013045146 
SE0009860398 
DK0062653671 
SE0022409413 
SE0022591947 
NO0013345710 
SE0023290796 
DK0062654646 
NO0012845850 
FI4000318837 
NO0010791999 
SE0017222870 
NO0012553439 
SE0022408753 
SE0022575338 
DK0063137955 
SE0023289418 
DK0062655536 
NO0012844119 
NO0010824667 
NO0010826043 
SE0017222953 
SE0021163953 
NO0013245597 
NO0013240226 
DK0063138334 
SE0023291307 
DK0062655619 
SE0021622099 
DK0061164779 
SE0011752872 
SE0015236450 
SE0019066762 
NO0013202713 
DK0062973822 
SE0023106356 
SE0023291158

--- Page 180 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 180 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021618204 
NO0012845843 
NO0010898406 
NO0010888068 
SE0017222334 
DK0061909603 
NO0013202002 
NO0013240432 
DK0063134341 
SE0023291265 
SE0021618170 
SE0020989960 
DK0061903598 
DK0060998904 
DK0061497153 
SE0019052101 
DK0062868444 
NO0013280917 
SE0023106398 
NO0013396812 
SE0021512019 
SE0020387934 
SE0013917408 
SE0013924552 
SE0017076367 
DK0061907748 
NO0013201996 
SE0022576948 
SE0023106364 
SE0023283981 
SE0021512068 
NO0012911389 
SE0020194892 
SE0009859747 
SE0017076326 
NO0010901911 
NO0013161745 
SE0022442588 
NO0013343269 
SE0023291851 
SE0021512027 
SE0020695070 
SE0018185787 
SE0016838312 
SE0018574329 
DK0061765260 
NO0013201756 
DK0063005020 
SE0023124466 
SE0023286174 
SE0021731023 
DK0062272878 
FI4000318811 
NO0010904139 
SE0017076201 
SE0017605843 
NO0013202978 
NO0013306621 
DK0063230222 
DK0063330287 
SE0021615861 
SE0021508306 
SE0014812012 
SE0020976199 
SE0020387777 
SE0017605124 
SE0022400164 
SE0022583316 
DK0063232780 
DK0063320569 
SE0021617123 
SE0019903584 
DK0060837490 
DK0061978178 
SE0004446482 
SE0019045444 
SE0022400289 
SE0022582953 
DK0063231543 
SE0023280359 
SE0021617032 
SE0019903527 
SE0016837637 
SE0012960144 
DK0062670253 
SE0021151792 
SE0022399762 
SE0022583407 
SE0023123518 
NO0013376632 
SE0021617867 
SE0019901281 
SE0014818597 
SE0016837850 
FI4000315932 
NO0010902778 
SE0022399887 
DK0063010962 
DK0063235106 
NO0013370122 
SE0021617776 
SE0019902495 
NO0013157909 
DK0061110848 
SE0016136485 
SE0017604556 
SE0022400636 
SE0022575742 
NO0013340281 
SE0023282868 
SE0021617552 
SE0020697399 
SE0011170018 
SE0019903279 
DK0061501954 
DK0061764453 
SE0022398988 
NO0013240317 
DK0063222476 
SE0023281563 
NO0013153734 
SE0019901307 
NO0010904360 
SE0021502374 
DK0061613163 
NO0012827940 
SE0022398756 
SE0022446563 
DK0063231972 
SE0023280748 
NO0013089714 
DK0062334223 
DK0060665347 
SE0019359886 
SE0016280572 
SE0020188365 
SE0022400313 
NO0013240424 
SE0023123245 
NO0013392506 
NO0013089805 
NO0012845488 
SE0011169994 
SE0020698546 
DK0061578150 
SE0017604234 
SE0022398822 
DK0062976098 
DK0063231709 
SE0023282959 
NO0013089888 
SE0021160975 
SE0015667571 
SE0015951751 
SE0011753284 
SE0018558900 
SE0022399242 
SE0022593232 
DK0063221825 
NO0013373290 
DK0062629531 
SE0021012366 
DK0062106191 
FI4000391586 
SE0021733359 
SE0016135826 
SE0022400651 
SE0022589875 
DK0063202445 
NO0013369769 
SE0021503760 
DK0062102448 
SE0019366139 
NO0010899834 
SE0021015641 
SE0018559130 
SE0022400701 
SE0022592572 
DK0063207592 
SE0023282827 
SE0021506250 
SE0021507431 
SE0021014529 
DK0061014297 
DK0061445194 
NO0013123372 
SE0022400347 
NO0013242339 
DK0063188271 
SE0023280888 
SE0021503513 
DK0062102364 
FI4000316088 
SE0011170935 
NO0010903610 
SE0021162856 
SE0022399002 
SE0022591095 
DK0063184874 
NO0013378380 
SE0021504669 
SE0020201572 
SE0011169911 
SE0011170927 
SE0021180114 
SE0019064536 
DK0062847877 
SE0022593604 
DK0063211941 
SE0023282389 
DK0062622791 
SE0020201580 
SE0010358788 
SE0020995710 
SE0013933033 
SE0018559171 
DK0062858130 
SE0022592168 
DK0063203922 
NO0013368621 
SE0021504578 
SE0020183937 
NO0010887961 
SE0021622719 
DK0061036852 
SE0018571382 
SE0022404042 
SE0022589271 
DK0063186572 
SE0023283734 
SE0021503711 
SE0020183689 
SE0019904277 
SE0020361749 
SE0011171453 
NO0012999079 
DK0062846713 
SE0022587200 
DK0063198585 
SE0023283239 
DK0062627832 
SE0020183762 
NO0010884505 
SE0011168871 
SE0021511797 
NO0012728171 
DK0062860979 
SE0022592655 
DK0063187463 
NO0013371344 
SE0021503638 
NO0013083865 
DK0060614196 
SE0011168855 
DK0061034568 
DK0062439402 
SE0022404448 
SE0022589503 
DK0063197181 
SE0023280995 
SE0021503463 
DK0062189460 
SE0014809158 
NO0012762907 
FI4000346481 
SE0018185399 
DK0062850665 
SE0022588414 
DK0063228168 
SE0023281316 
DK0062632329 
SE0021732757 
DK0061909520 
SE0021014891 
DK0061391166 
SE0018572224 
DK0062858213 
SE0022587184 
DK0063177746 
SE0023281969 
DK0062625703 
SE0018558058 
SE0018538175 
DK0062664017 
SE0014449229 
DK0061950755 
DK0062847950 
SE0022591996 
DK0063185335 
SE0023281456 
SE0021506003 
NO0012874512 
DK0062341517 
SE0017169899 
SE0018557944 
SE0018571424 
DK0062864534 
SE0022446753 
DK0063223953 
NO0013392563 
SE0021504818 
SE0020694297 
SE0004580470 
SE0011168822 
NO0010908718 
SE0016042261 
DK0062863726 
DK0062972188 
DK0063192034 
NO0013372177 
DK0062629614 
SE0018558017 
SE0012314987 
NO0010898505 
NO0010794035 
SE0018570657 
SE0022404109 
SE0022446522 
DK0063217476 
NO0013372607 
DK0062620829 
SE0018558009 
SE0017580871 
SE0013928470 
NO0012822891 
FI4000536875 
DK0062850749 
DK0062972501 
DK0063219761 
NO0013377044 
SE0021506326 
NO0012874538 
SE0021016425 
DK0061624525 
SE0015225644 
DK0062651386 
SE0022404356 
NO0013306563 
DK0063209457 
SE0023282942 
SE0021504321 
SE0018547796 
DK0061011004 
SE0011168806 
DK0060854826 
SE0018207524 
DK0062848099 
SE0022583688 
DK0063207832 
NO0013370007 
SE0021505062 
SE0019912395 
NO0012998717 
SE0020976348 
NO0010796287 
DK0061330107 
DK0062861191 
SE0022583720 
SE0023131339 
SE0023281118 
DK0062675211 
SE0018547549 
FI4000316997 
FI4000252887 
DK0061623121 
SE0018207334 
DK0062849220 
DK0063003751 
SE0023130323 
NO0013392696 
DK0062634531 
SE0018556169 
SE0019038225 
SE0014441127 
FI4000252457 
SE0018207375 
SE0022410403 
SE0022584355 
SE0023131099 
NO0013378687 
DK0062622874 
SE0018556573 
SE0015667589 
NO0012743980 
SE0011168590 
SE0018207367 
SE0022411906 
DK0062973749 
SE0023130695 
SE0023282751 
SE0021504560 
DK0062429288 
FI4000253620 
DK0061494721 
DK0061500048 
NO0013042564 
SE0022409330 
NO0013240218 
SE0023130133 
SE0023283676 
DK0062627915 
SE0020187854 
SE0020697241 
FI4000256375 
DK0061580057 
DK0061593621 
SE0022410247 
SE0022446845 
SE0023130430 
SE0023281712 
SE0021505054 
SE0021503919 
SE0016278816 
SE0021014115 
NO0010852395 
SE0017081938 
SE0022410734 
NO0013240275 
NO0013344275 
NO0013374751 
SE0021503372 
SE0020187896 
SE0017215320 
SE0020695419 
SE0017171028 
DK0062663399 
SE0022410015 
SE0022446746 
DK0063136049 
SE0023280128 
DK0062632402 
SE0020189009 
SE0021014149 
SE0011425727 
SE0015224134 
SE0018561375 
SE0022410098 
SE0022591343 
SE0023106471 
SE0023280342 
SE0021504487 
SE0020188068 
SE0009979206 
SE0020198034 
SE0011170588 
DK0062635850 
SE0022410650 
SE0022590691 
NO0013339911 
SE0023281837 
SE0021504404 
SE0020188753 
SE0010128652 
SE0021015187 
DK0061766078 
DK0062079950 
SE0022410494 
SE0022587879 
DK0063138250 
NO0013369033 
DK0062618682 
SE0020189082 
DK0060876985 
NO0012996737 
NO0010824493 
SE0021619434 
SE0022411666 
SE0022593455 
DK0063135157 
NO0013377010 
SE0021504800 
SE0020188142 
DK0060458636 
DK0061963816 
SE0021017209 
NO0012996869 
SE0022409793 
SE0022588950 
DK0063141049 
NO0013373605 
DK0062629887 
SE0020189041 
SE0016278790 
SE0015667449 
DK0061977790 
SE0018179111 
SE0022408704 
SE0022592903 
DK0063135314 
NO0013371054 
SE0021506391 
NO0012997909 
DK0061457280 
DK0061701026 
SE0015951348 
SE0017207004 
SE0022409116 
SE0022589867 
DK0063134853 
SE0023281175 
SE0021503828 
DK0062233383 
SE0011171636 
SE0013927662 
NO0012726258 
SE0018181992 
SE0022411831 
SE0022592796 
SE0023106547 
SE0023282371 
SE0021503570 
NO0013123885 
DK0061978418 
SE0015239215 
DK0062673000 
SE0018179210 
SE0022410825 
SE0022591756 
NO0013350231 
NO0013373043

--- Page 181 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 181 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021504313 
NO0012912874 
SE0011170836 
DK0061368180 
SE0017086473 
SE0018548836 
SE0022408910 
SE0022588521 
SE0023120811 
SE0023283494 
SE0021503497 
NO0012909540 
NO0010919012 
SE0016598106 
NO0012997495 
SE0018181901 
SE0022410023 
SE0022590428 
SE0023121223 
SE0023282595 
SE0021506235 
NO0013086082 
NO0012725771 
NO0010896459 
SE0017086713 
SE0018179285 
SE0022408290 
SE0022590246 
NO0013348482 
DK0063309406 
SE0021504644 
SE0021504479 
SE0015496823 
SE0016045819 
SE0017086721 
SE0019364134 
SE0022410106 
SE0022592960 
DK0063234992 
DK0063313002 
SE0021503745 
SE0020380962 
SE0011170794 
SE0021499720 
SE0017085657 
SE0018182008 
SE0022406625 
SE0022446761 
DK0063234646 
SE0023288501 
SE0021503695 
DK0062197646 
SE0016280986 
DK0060837300 
SE0021163995 
SE0018179939 
NO0013202408 
SE0022446308 
NO0013340273 
SE0023288931 
SE0021504552 
SE0017167349 
SE0021159662 
NO0010792187 
SE0013920295 
SE0018179137 
DK0062870697 
NO0013240242 
DK0063235536 
SE0023289301 
DK0062636072 
SE0020374718 
SE0020989572 
SE0021618667 
SE0017086747 
SE0018179228 
NO0013202119 
NO0013240416 
NO0013349555 
SE0023289988 
SE0021506193 
SE0020374833 
SE0019066580 
FI4000447263 
SE0017085988 
SE0018182016 
NO0013203067 
DK0062971453 
SE0023123278 
SE0023290507 
SE0021503661 
SE0020375137 
DK0060829554 
SE0017081946 
SE0017086754 
SE0018583627 
NO0013202226 
SE0022584538 
SE0023123138 
SE0023289426 
DK0062631438 
SE0020374148 
SE0017198914 
NO0013003624 
SE0018559148 
DK0060967438 
DK0062870937 
DK0063012661 
NO0013347104 
SE0023289616 
DK0062650149 
SE0020387439 
NO0010896434 
DK0061210473 
DK0061590445 
SE0018582892 
DK0062867552 
NO0013306431 
DK0063188198 
DK0063304605 
SE0021503414 
SE0020375277 
SE0020979466 
SE0021506904 
SE0017086762 
NO0012845942 
NO0013202952 
DK0063012158 
DK0063235023 
DK0063306493 
DK0062636312 
SE0020372860 
SE0015951520 
SE0020976041 
NO0012429168 
SE0012315067 
DK0062866075 
NO0013242156 
DK0063217716 
SE0023289400 
SE0021504271 
SE0020372852 
SE0017608292 
NO0012759093 
SE0018566309 
SE0018582850 
NO0013202804 
DK0063012588 
DK0063176771 
SE0023290176 
SE0021503786 
SE0020371730 
DK0061040029 
SE0021156080 
SE0021160108 
SE0019367673 
SE0022416731 
DK0063005293 
DK0063204573 
DK0063302823 
SE0021506276 
SE0020371631 
SE0011170315 
SE0018171613 
SE0017569015 
SE0020695567 
SE0022416301 
SE0022583035 
DK0063196100 
SE0023288410 
DK0062638367 
SE0020371722 
SE0020694784 
DK0061208493 
SE0019363656 
SE0017605926 
SE0022416046 
SE0022585493 
DK0063211354 
SE0023288063 
DK0062666491 
DK0062255006 
DK0061000742 
FI4000473806 
SE0014809448 
DK0061766151 
SE0022415998 
DK0062975520 
DK0063224258 
SE0023300231 
DK0062634291 
SE0021733474 
SE0007491840 
DK0061208303 
SE0017076656 
SE0020698637 
SE0022417176 
NO0013240283 
DK0063208483 
SE0023299680 
SE0021503489 
SE0020367456 
DK0061181864 
DK0062671731 
SE0009860117 
SE0018178485 
SE0022415972 
NO0013240259 
DK0063185921 
SE0023299508 
SE0021504594 
DK0062225603 
SE0020695641 
SE0016602544 
SE0017076631 
SE0017605934 
SE0022416210 
SE0022592366 
DK0063229216 
SE0023299714 
SE0021506185 
SE0021619491 
SE0018561664 
SE0013920030 
SE0017076573 
SE0017605850 
SE0022416038 
SE0022592341 
DK0063193271 
SE0023300041 
DK0062662235 
DK0062230876 
SE0018569568 
SE0013933942 
SE0017076029 
NO0012726415 
SE0022418901 
SE0022591723 
DK0063214960 
SE0023299334 
SE0021506102 
SE0020194462 
SE0018574295 
DK0061015260 
SE0017076474 
SE0020361509 
SE0022419446 
SE0022590386 
DK0063212089 
SE0023299367 
SE0021508199 
SE0020194322 
SE0011170091 
SE0013931763 
SE0021508215 
SE0018184798 
SE0022418695 
SE0022591335 
DK0063225495 
SE0023299235 
DK0062628053 
NO0013157891 
NO0010902836 
SE0014818282 
SE0021003704 
SE0018185233 
SE0022418331 
SE0022590071 
DK0063222120 
SE0023299581 
DK0062625976 
SE0021499647 
SE0015667852 
SE0013925344 
FI4000493085 
SE0018184863 
SE0022418703 
SE0022591699 
DK0063185681 
SE0023299649 
SE0021504396 
DK0062230363 
SE0010627893 
SE0014431847 
SE0017076532 
SE0021506763 
SE0022415873 
SE0022593737 
DK0063203419 
SE0023299748 
DK0062632592 
DK0062111274 
SE0018562191 
SE0017076078 
NO0011165326 
DK0061055050 
SE0022419503 
SE0022589131 
DK0063177076 
SE0023299169 
SE0021618741 
DK0062102281 
SE0011171644 
SE0021732682 
SE0017093941 
SE0018185159 
SE0022419362 
SE0022591905 
SE0023130182 
SE0023299003 
SE0021506383 
DK0062111514 
SE0009861644 
DK0062229001 
DK0062322137 
SE0018185621 
SE0022419214 
SE0022591749 
SE0023130067 
SE0023298963 
SE0021504305 
DK0062516845 
SE0016137335 
SE0018185357 
SE0016280895 
SE0018551442 
SE0022418737 
SE0022446316 
SE0023131701 
SE0023299201 
SE0021505120 
SE0020976629 
DK0060919546 
SE0013931052 
DK0061627627 
SE0018570889 
SE0022418257 
DK0062972931 
SE0023130018 
SE0023299938 
DK0062639415 
SE0020696508 
DK0060919116 
DK0061204906 
SE0019023177 
SE0018573057 
SE0022424610 
SE0022575346 
SE0023131891 
SE0023285218 
SE0021506300 
DK0062111431 
SE0020993707 
SE0015236112 
DK0060934347 
SE0021505419 
SE0022424370 
DK0062972428 
SE0023130448 
SE0023284120 
SE0021503810 
DK0062109880 
SE0018554081 
SE0014818621 
SE0019040122 
SE0020976207 
SE0022425526 
SE0022446605 
DK0063164330 
SE0023284427 
SE0021504636 
DK0062106357 
DK0061000155 
SE0013931524 
SE0010128405 
SE0018573305 
SE0022426623 
SE0022585675 
SE0023120852 
SE0023285390 
SE0021503737 
SE0019910324 
FI4000460738 
FI4000256383 
SE0011761378 
NO0013083444 
SE0022426128 
SE0022585725 
SE0023123179 
SE0023286232 
SE0021503430 
SE0020363026 
SE0010358861 
SE0013931136 
SE0016137541 
SE0013930294 
SE0022423844 
SE0022585642 
NO0013345959 
DK0063324124 
SE0021503687 
SE0020363380 
SE0010351262 
NO0013154039 
SE0019898610 
SE0017608177 
SE0022426334 
SE0022583118 
DK0063231386 
SE0023291141 
DK0062640421 
SE0020361319 
NO0010882087 
SE0021499480 
DK0060966117 
SE0014812947 
SE0022426367 
DK0063001466 
NO0013340026 
SE0023292032 
SE0021508280 
SE0020361855 
FI4000492806 
NO0012543844 
DK0061655834 
SE0021506896 
SE0022424230 
SE0022585386 
SE0023123856 
SE0023291455 
SE0021504388 
SE0020361335 
SE0019051343 
DK0062369443 
NO0010888712 
NO0012544073 
SE0022426045 
SE0022582904 
SE0023123161 
NO0013398446 
SE0021503885 
SE0020362119 
NO0010908791 
DK0062158150 
SE0011170463 
SE0017609951 
SE0022425492 
NO0013241984 
DK0063230065 
SE0023284369 
SE0021504784 
SE0021013935 
SE0014818670 
SE0011170596 
SE0017192966 
SE0019046657 
SE0022423901 
NO0013280909 
DK0063236187 
SE0023302518 
SE0021504370 
SE0018557860 
NO0012726183 
SE0017589716 
NO0011139933 
SE0021502895 
SE0022424776 
DK0062973236 
DK0063238712 
SE0023300959 
SE0021504297 
SE0018557852 
SE0015488952 
NO0012544347 
FI4000344775 
SE0018562605 
SE0022426086 
NO0013305383 
DK0063197777 
SE0023303458 
SE0021504701 
SE0020187722 
DK0062446613 
SE0011168731 
SE0017583461 
SE0009980311 
SE0022426383 
NO0013240267 
DK0063194162 
SE0023302914 
SE0021506292 
SE0018556870 
SE0015951686 
SE0020697456 
SE0021619228 
SE0018562647 
SE0022425773 
SE0022446514 
DK0063216908 
DK0063349626 
SE0021506219 
SE0018557928 
NO0013158204 
NO0010901572 
SE0011759323 
SE0018563017 
SE0022424644 
SE0022446399 
DK0063224761 
DK0063348305 
SE0021504628 
SE0018556417 
SE0019355835 
DK0061465622 
SE0017182728 
DK0061899622 
SE0022424933 
DK0062971537 
DK0063191143 
SE0023303466

--- Page 182 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 182 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021505112 
SE0018557837 
DK0061496262 
NO0010794142 
NO0010848211 
DK0062662318 
SE0022411146 
SE0022446639 
DK0063187893 
SE0023304522 
SE0021503679 
SE0018554925 
DK0060839942 
SE0013927639 
NO0010912959 
SE0018561599 
SE0022409124 
SE0022439964 
DK0063202601 
SE0023305586 
SE0021504537 
SE0021152972 
SE0020363323 
SE0014447876 
SE0017221617 
DK0061009107 
SE0022408738 
SE0022441853 
DK0063209960 
NO0013378109 
DK0062640504 
DK0062642633 
FI4000316534 
SE0021005097 
SE0021507100 
SE0018561631 
SE0022411203 
NO0013305300 
DK0063219258 
SE0023277140 
SE0021506045 
SE0016044028 
NO0010905342 
SE0012322220 
SE0015236609 
SE0020361111 
SE0022409983 
NO0013286369 
DK0063226972 
SE0023277264 
SE0021506458 
SE0016043988 
NO0010896525 
NO0010918451 
DK0061445434 
DK0061898574 
SE0022411039 
NO0013308478 
DK0063205034 
SE0023277272 
SE0021504362 
FI4000536818 
SE0021620218 
SE0014818589 
NO0010898174 
SE0018561870 
SE0022411500 
NO0013307983 
DK0063197264 
SE0023277884 
SE0021505187 
SE0016044218 
SE0009860612 
SE0013931128 
SE0014810545 
DK0061896792 
SE0022410510 
DK0063025648 
DK0063229133 
DK0063281720 
DK0062620316 
DK0061695707 
DK0060828580 
DK0060870350 
SE0019356718 
NO0012846973 
SE0022410627 
SE0022735379 
DK0063214887 
DK0063280086 
DK0062627402 
DK0062555587 
DK0061497237 
FI4000492699 
NO0012872458 
SE0018563934 
SE0022410759 
SE0022735692 
DK0063217633 
DK0063281993 
DK0062639761 
SE0016042287 
NO0010906225 
DK0061014024 
NO0010829047 
SE0016281430 
SE0022408829 
DK0063045919 
DK0063176698 
SE0023299037 
SE0021505104 
DK0061875440 
FI4000432372 
FI4000420674 
NO0013131326 
SE0019041088 
SE0022412029 
SE0022735825 
DK0063204490 
SE0023298757 
SE0021616596 
SE0016042170 
SE0020387900 
NO0012729211 
NO0011132953 
SE0018565459 
SE0022409900 
SE0022735429 
DK0063196027 
SE0023298799 
SE0021617008 
SE0017165996 
NO0010793995 
SE0009860414 
SE0015667506 
NO0012725813 
SE0022406823 
DK0063046560 
DK0063221585 
SE0023299961 
SE0021616315 
SE0020363133 
NO0010848187 
SE0021499472 
NO0012975541 
SE0021504446 
SE0022405882 
NO0013308692 
DK0063215777 
SE0023299417 
SE0021617115 
SE0017165293 
SE0019036963 
SE0010134718 
NO0012824780 
SE0021151297 
SE0022409876 
SE0022736609 
DK0063224175 
SE0023299813 
SE0021616588 
SE0021622420 
SE0011168426 
SE0017611619 
SE0014818225 
SE0019894692 
SE0022414710 
SE0022735445 
DK0063200746 
SE0023299433 
SE0021616034 
SE0017166325 
SE0016131775 
FI4000436670 
NO0010829203 
DK0061873239 
SE0022412763 
SE0022729745 
DK0063213640 
SE0023298906 
SE0021616513 
SE0017164791 
SE0015945993 
DK0061863198 
DK0061388881 
SE0018583924 
SE0022414439 
SE0022730644 
SE0023122973 
SE0023299094 
SE0021617255 
SE0017165335 
NO0012845157 
SE0018548919 
SE0018543365 
DK0062654133 
SE0022412581 
SE0022729448 
DK0063230305 
SE0023299672 
SE0021617339 
SE0017165269 
SE0015944061 
SE0019035569 
SE0017214224 
SE0018584088 
SE0022413050 
SE0022729067 
SE0023123328 
SE0023298807 
SE0021615903 
SE0017164072 
SE0011752971 
SE0021163607 
SE0018574345 
DK0062652434 
SE0022414538 
SE0022600003 
SE0023125380 
SE0023299102 
SE0021511912 
DK0062657748 
SE0014431391 
NO0010797244 
NO0012827908 
SE0020377810 
SE0022412656 
SE0022730016 
SE0023123039 
SE0023299615 
SE0021616000 
SE0017166333 
DK0061265378 
SE0013925336 
DK0062468856 
SE0018583379 
SE0022414140 
SE0022727749 
NO0013350454 
SE0023298880 
SE0021616455 
SE0017165715 
FI4000316260 
SE0014828539 
NO0013123364 
SE0018583734 
SE0022414025 
SE0022729521 
SE0023121934 
SE0023299243 
SE0021616265 
NO0012996521 
SE0017164080 
SE0017076151 
SE0018583262 
NO0012824764 
SE0022415519 
SE0022599924 
SE0023121843 
SE0023300009 
SE0021616125 
SE0020696664 
SE0019041013 
DK0061359783 
DK0062552725 
SE0014818209 
SE0022413019 
SE0022729695 
SE0023122205 
SE0023299771 
SE0021617370 
SE0018548638 
SE0009860547 
NO0010905797 
SE0013930013 
SE0018583312 
SE0022412953 
SE0022599684 
SE0023120803 
NO0013396762 
SE0021616018 
SE0021621745 
SE0021506334 
SE0018566002 
SE0017213895 
SE0013916723 
SE0022412466 
SE0022727426 
SE0023122288 
DK0063314240 
SE0021616554 
NO0012872490 
DK0061391240 
DK0061170826 
SE0017213986 
SE0018582751 
SE0022414124 
SE0022729315 
SE0023121215 
NO0013395475 
SE0021616653 
SE0020198026 
SE0021005618 
SE0020363224 
SE0017214356 
SE0021507274 
SE0022413373 
SE0022730107 
SE0023121595 
SE0023285077 
SE0021616927 
SE0021506789 
SE0016595839 
SE0013917960 
NO0011165235 
SE0018582934 
SE0022413639 
SE0022728341 
DK0063237748 
SE0023303029 
SE0021616026 
NO0012977612 
NO0010795008 
SE0013917945 
SE0020200467 
DK0061904059 
SE0022419180 
SE0022727830 
DK0063236773 
SE0023303052 
SE0021617396 
SE0020980852 
SE0015951710 
SE0013917440 
SE0021008307 
SE0018568941 
SE0022417291 
SE0022599445 
DK0063246814 
SE0023301221 
SE0021616042 
SE0020197861 
SE0021619269 
SE0021015450 
SE0017093958 
SE0016279285 
SE0022418521 
SE0022730735 
DK0063242151 
SE0023300801 
SE0021616471 
SE0020193506 
FI4000370689 
SE0020361400 
SE0021179520 
SE0018185118 
SE0022416590 
SE0022728309 
DK0063185848 
SE0023300827 
SE0021616091 
SE0020193753 
NO0013042192 
DK0061932506 
DK0061629086 
SE0020694735 
SE0022418984 
SE0022728986 
DK0063220694 
DK0063349113 
SE0021616935 
SE0020198000 
NO0012996778 
SE0013917291 
DK0061627544 
SE0018184921 
SE0022416491 
SE0022727509 
DK0063184957 
SE0023301999 
SE0021616059 
SE0020196160 
SE0019368218 
NO0010908114 
SE0020384501 
SE0020189223 
SE0022415907 
SE0022728580 
DK0063191812 
NO0013393918 
SE0021617784 
SE0020197549 
DK0060612497 
SE0020361889 
DK0061011194 
SE0019070012 
SE0022418398 
SE0022728739 
DK0063216825 
SE0023297817 
SE0021617750 
DK0062431342 
NO0011134140 
DK0061162997 
DK0061629409 
SE0021017803 
SE0022419289 
SE0022727657 
DK0063223870 
NO0013398016 
SE0021510203 
DK0062226841 
SE0019040635 
SE0021002607 
NO0010913452 
SE0018185522 
SE0022415881 
SE0022730008 
DK0063191069 
DK0063337613 
DK0062647277 
SE0020197648 
SE0015224191 
SE0017075872 
DK0061630092 
SE0015943162 
SE0022416970 
SE0022599999 
DK0063196373 
NO0013394437 
DK0062650222 
SE0019910704 
SE0021008380 
FI4000252952 
SE0021002425 
SE0018185282 
SE0022416582 
SE0022727731 
DK0063191572 
NO0013395574 
SE0021503596 
SE0019910332 
SE0020695963 
SE0021009073 
DK0061631819 
NO0010902901 
SE0022422549 
SE0022730412 
DK0063209887 
NO0013397315 
SE0021504842 
SE0019910258 
SE0016794457 
SE0018539371 
SE0017192248 
SE0018184517 
SE0022417770 
SE0022732897 
DK0063227277 
NO0013395871 
DK0062636585 
SE0020696698 
FI4000253869 
SE0021002243 
SE0017215072 
SE0020198422 
SE0022418836 
SE0022732939 
DK0063189162 
NO0013396481 
SE0021508322 
SE0020361657 
SE0020183408 
NO0012744285 
FI4000445531 
DK0061906260 
SE0022419263 
DK0063022033 
DK0063201470 
NO0013395293 
SE0021511821 
SE0020362242 
DK0060847291 
SE0015669205 
SE0011171842 
SE0018585382 
SE0022419024 
DK0063021308 
DK0063194402 
NO0013401216 
DK0062652947 
SE0020362713 
DK0061176195 
SE0021013422 
DK0061594199 
SE0013251279 
SE0022417564 
SE0022595609 
DK0063204730 
DK0063337530 
DK0062643284 
SE0020362556 
SE0018580979 
SE0016042212 
SE0013928314 
SE0018566291 
SE0022423521 
SE0022595229 
DK0063177316 
NO0013397513 
SE0021510518 
SE0020363216 
SE0020382620 
SE0009860489 
NO0010847502 
NO0010902505 
SE0022426276 
SE0022595344 
DK0063184528 
SE0023277363

--- Page 183 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 183 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062647863 
SE0020362895 
SE0011171420 
SE0018208613 
SE0015943188 
SE0018585754 
SE0022423547 
SE0022595245 
DK0063188008 
NO0013346940 
DK0062641312 
SE0020363299 
SE0019053562 
SE0020377851 
NO0010998784 
SE0016278733 
SE0022423273 
SE0022595625 
DK0063194758 
NO0013348128 
SE0021508678 
SE0020363547 
SE0020980142 
DK0061000825 
SE0021733995 
SE0019371709 
SE0022425831 
DK0063014527 
DK0063206784 
DK0063275912 
DK0062652194 
SE0020362374 
SE0011171651 
NO0010899552 
SE0021019205 
DK0061390515 
SE0022423620 
DK0063014790 
SE0023122957 
DK0063279070 
DK0062642203 
SE0020362333 
DK0061447992 
SE0021619368 
NO0012744277 
SE0018571606 
SE0022425047 
SE0022599916 
SE0023124342 
DK0063276134 
DK0062653168 
SE0020363448 
NO0010796907 
DK0060846723 
SE0015943600 
SE0017608789 
SE0022424339 
SE0022728333 
NO0013346809 
SE0023277454 
SE0021510187 
SE0020198695 
SE0021506169 
SE0016135958 
SE0019357765 
SE0018568685 
SE0022426532 
SE0022729604 
DK0063233671 
SE0023277298 
SE0021510138 
SE0020377323 
SE0018185530 
NO0012996653 
NO0010900798 
SE0017610090 
SE0022425575 
SE0022728978 
SE0023123021 
DK0063279666 
DK0062650065 
SE0020199271 
NO0010797236 
NO0010976392 
SE0018549123 
SE0017608664 
SE0022424750 
SE0022730172 
DK0063231626 
SE0023279542 
DK0062647947 
SE0020198570 
SE0021493244 
SE0020363190 
DK0060999985 
SE0019371626 
SE0022425138 
SE0022727681 
DK0063229802 
DK0063291794 
SE0021510989 
SE0020198869 
SE0020377448 
SE0019911991 
SE0011423615 
DK0062230447 
SE0022426268 
SE0022729877 
SE0023125331 
DK0063278932 
DK0062648085 
SE0020199313 
SE0011168798 
NO0012845215 
SE0014445656 
SE0018184327 
SE0022424784 
SE0022729380 
DK0063232863 
SE0023302815 
DK0062651030 
SE0020198182 
SE0014823241 
NO0010793987 
NO0010847767 
SE0020363141 
SE0022423752 
SE0022730032 
DK0063166970 
DK0063348735 
DK0062648838 
SE0020377513 
SE0021000684 
SE0020696599 
SE0017192099 
NO0010896087 
SE0022423554 
SE0022599379 
SE0023121777 
DK0063349386 
DK0062644928 
SE0020198901 
DK0062213518 
SE0011168665 
NO0010847593 
SE0018185738 
SE0022424925 
SE0022729166 
DK0063167002 
SE0023300991 
SE0021511169 
SE0020199354 
SE0009859754 
SE0013920311 
SE0017213978 
SE0018184434 
SE0022412037 
SE0022730123 
SE0023121827 
DK0063348495 
DK0062646469 
SE0020199164 
NO0010824659 
SE0010627943 
DK0062630034 
SE0018185407 
SE0022411716 
SE0022729331 
DK0063235965 
SE0023303102 
DK0062652277 
SE0016042253 
NO0012845124 
DK0061005709 
SE0021013844 
SE0018538639 
SE0022410452 
SE0022730594 
DK0063245170 
SE0023302807 
DK0062642393 
DK0061013216 
DK0060874501 
SE0014430716 
DK0061453297 
SE0015668868 
SE0022410817 
SE0022730040 
DK0063235882 
SE0023303367 
DK0062646386 
NO0010906266 
SE0011170992 
SE0015951983 
SE0019041294 
SE0018184731 
SE0022412102 
SE0022728028 
DK0063208723 
SE0023301288 
SE0021616976 
SE0019065079 
NO0010955958 
DK0061442092 
DK0060978047 
SE0018185274 
SE0022411807 
SE0022728440 
DK0063201553 
SE0023302658 
DK0062653242 
SE0016042154 
SE0012321669 
SE0021017290 
NO0012726209 
SE0017568553 
SE0022410130 
SE0022727947 
DK0063188438 
SE0023292636 
DK0062643441 
DK0062078630 
DK0061376019 
SE0019904962 
SE0017075971 
SE0020377539 
SE0022410346 
SE0022599700 
DK0063205117 
SE0023293212 
SE0021510195 
SE0020358588 
DK0060873453 
FI4000474283 
NO0010903560 
SE0019046582 
SE0022410478 
SE0022727673 
DK0063215264 
SE0023294657 
DK0062647194 
SE0020361921 
SE0021733029 
SE0015951488 
NO0010844863 
NO0013003426 
SE0022406484 
SE0022729075 
DK0063202791 
SE0023293741 
DK0062644761 
SE0020360238 
DK0061453966 
NO0010796980 
SE0012314730 
SE0017568710 
SE0022410502 
SE0022599528 
DK0063198908 
NO0013399923 
DK0062648168 
SE0020188985 
SE0021013901 
NO0012995804 
SE0017203052 
DK0061840816 
SE0022410338 
SE0022730024 
DK0063224332 
NO0013400150 
DK0062645065 
SE0020187797 
DK0060873537 
SE0021013661 
SE0015950969 
SE0021733094 
SE0022411856 
SE0022730438 
DK0063194675 
NO0013395772 
SE0021505948 
SE0020188001 
DK0062661187 
SE0009859903 
SE0014435640 
SE0017569338 
SE0022408316 
SE0022728838 
SE0023122676 
NO0013395384 
SE0021507282 
SE0020189256 
SE0010980193 
SE0019370354 
SE0017568702 
SE0019037441 
SE0022410288 
SE0022732913 
DK0063187034 
NO0013398891 
SE0021622651 
SE0021733458 
SE0020199768 
DK0061451168 
SE0012314748 
NO0010918519 
SE0022409348 
SE0022732889 
DK0063213053 
NO0013394114 
SE0021505450 
DK0062469318 
DK0061162054 
SE0013916962 
FI4000468210 
SE0017569312 
SE0022410783 
SE0022732855 
DK0063215181 
NO0013400259 
SE0021507993 
SE0020189157 
SE0018566051 
DK0061904802 
DK0061357142 
SE0009861446 
SE0022411781 
SE0022732954 
DK0063229489 
NO0013393991 
NO0013153262 
SE0021008414 
SE0009860851 
SE0014430096 
DK0061300704 
SE0017569379 
SE0022414736 
SE0022596292 
DK0063199393 
NO0013400184 
SE0021505617 
SE0018548927 
NO0012553074 
DK0062136933 
SE0019066549 
DK0062423166 
SE0022413225 
SE0022596458 
DK0063212162 
NO0013399634 
SE0021506854 
SE0018548844 
SE0020376564 
SE0017169915 
NO0010913320 
SE0015667258 
SE0022415477 
DK0063023197 
DK0063222203 
NO0013395095 
DK0062618765 
SE0021180924 
FI4000346465 
SE0015671300 
DK0061170909 
NO0012996471 
SE0022413597 
DK0063028238 
DK0063193438 
NO0013399105 
SE0021507290 
DK0062172227 
FI4000418371 
SE0021506912 
DK0061444700 
SE0017570740 
SE0022413738 
SE0022731360 
DK0063203682 
NO0013396838 
SE0021507977 
SE0018548935 
FI4000318522 
SE0014823308 
SE0021505583 
SE0018176612 
SE0022415030 
SE0022731659 
DK0063224092 
NO0013396424 
SE0021508009 
SE0018548760 
SE0018176653 
SE0021618733 
NO0010896681 
SE0018178428 
SE0022413977 
NO0013242552 
DK0063194246 
NO0013396853 
SE0021505435 
NO0012872508 
SE0018567331 
SE0021624269 
SE0017211907 
SE0018565814 
SE0022414843 
NO0013307447 
DK0063231030 
NO0013378489 
SE0021507027 
SE0018550147 
NO0010906753 
DK0061999687 
SE0017212475 
SE0018569204 
SE0022414868 
NO0013307280 
DK0063230578 
DK0063278775 
SE0021508017 
SE0018548729 
NO0010918766 
DK0061330024 
NO0012823782 
SE0016592091 
SE0022414934 
DK0063015177 
DK0063235379 
NO0013349225 
SE0021506979 
SE0018549131 
SE0014818134 
DK0060836419 
SE0017214257 
SE0018577637 
SE0022415329 
SE0022595237 
NO0013349019 
DK0063277298 
SE0021505260 
DK0062638284 
SE0011170752 
SE0013529724 
FI4000316062 
SE0019047473 
SE0022414983 
SE0022596045 
SE0023123054 
SE0023277306 
SE0021503307 
SE0018548992 
FI4000346432 
SE0011170141 
SE0017213887 
NO0010897762 
SE0022412532 
SE0022586434 
NO0013341040 
SE0023278981 
SE0021502481 
SE0018548877 
NO0013088849 
SE0015225628 
SE0018207383 
SE0018569238 
SE0022415022 
SE0022596052 
SE0023123773 
SE0023279344 
SE0021502796 
SE0018548661 
SE0021013075 
SE0011423482 
DK0062359212 
DK0062679551 
SE0022412755 
SE0022595955 
NO0013346106 
DK0063282611 
SE0021502267 
SE0015667597 
SE0019374695 
NO0010883069 
SE0011168475 
SE0016279830 
SE0022414421 
SE0022595526 
SE0023123906 
SE0023277355 
SE0021502978 
FI4000252705 
NO0010824725 
DK0062386967 
SE0017214349 
SE0019066713 
SE0022414108 
NO0013242404 
DK0063173836 
DK0063283262 
SE0021622016 
SE0015948203 
DK0060702488 
SE0011170646 
SE0017576598 
SE0013531126 
SE0022414942 
SE0022595278 
SE0023120886 
NO0013376590 
SE0021622933 
SE0019910282 
SE0013930195 
NO0013044248 
SE0017214018 
NO0012540857 
SE0022412433 
SE0022596029 
SE0023122015 
SE0023303094

--- Page 184 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 184 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062640694 
SE0019910217 
NO0010899818 
SE0018577652 
SE0021013232 
SE0018568834 
SE0022423133 
SE0022727434 
SE0023125430 
SE0023302542 
SE0021502663 
NO0012847153 
SE0011168491 
SE0018184350 
SE0012314920 
SE0017601412 
SE0022418059 
SE0022730222 
DK0063237821 
SE0023303045 
SE0021502853 
SE0021733961 
SE0020187763 
SE0019045709 
SE0017214307 
SE0021621984 
SE0022416269 
SE0022727848 
DK0063247382 
SE0023302948 
SE0021502929 
NO0012847179 
DK0061388022 
SE0015668900 
SE0017213952 
SE0019043944 
SE0022416822 
SE0022599452 
DK0063246145 
SE0023302310 
SE0021502671 
NO0012847369 
SE0014437406 
SE0019067836 
SE0021625746 
SE0020198976 
SE0022417754 
SE0022728598 
DK0063237318 
SE0023302864 
SE0021502408 
SE0019904251 
DK0061454428 
SE0012315208 
SE0017213036 
DK0062448072 
SE0022419396 
SE0022728432 
DK0063237078 
SE0023294715 
SE0021502762 
SE0019905951 
DK0062289096 
FI4000436357 
SE0017214083 
SE0018585689 
SE0022416921 
SE0022727939 
DK0063219332 
NO0013393819 
SE0021502770 
SE0019906835 
SE0010135160 
DK0062677506 
SE0018207565 
SE0018587859 
SE0022417747 
SE0022599692 
DK0063196530 
SE0023293006 
SE0021502887 
SE0019905019 
SE0019046061 
DK0061301009 
SE0020379360 
SE0014440061 
SE0022418364 
SE0022599882 
DK0063210034 
SE0023293576 
SE0021502705 
SE0019905464 
SE0019039181 
SE0017189517 
SE0017589989 
DK0061635059 
SE0022418927 
SE0022729406 
DK0063207246 
SE0023293774 
NO0013154641 
NO0012844101 
DK0060839199 
SE0017189079 
SE0020696821 
SE0018585671 
SE0022418596 
SE0022730461 
DK0063227434 
NO0013400531 
SE0021504339 
DK0062130571 
DK0061258837 
FI4000318753 
SE0015225537 
SE0019367855 
SE0022419248 
SE0022729562 
DK0063225578 
NO0013399428 
SE0021501673 
DK0062131033 
DK0060834398 
SE0015666003 
SE0015242292 
DK0062353363 
SE0022416608 
SE0022730511 
DK0063222393 
NO0013395616 
SE0021501640 
NO0012997123 
FI4000318530 
DK0061158375 
SE0016280598 
SE0009983166 
SE0022417010 
SE0022729182 
DK0063193511 
NO0013400374 
SE0021501657 
SE0021006210 
NO0010976384 
FI4000436449 
SE0017596208 
SE0018558892 
SE0022419008 
SE0022599965 
DK0063203765 
NO0013396432 
SE0021501715 
SE0020199743 
SE0019047275 
FI4000434485 
DK0061189842 
DK0061908126 
SE0022418885 
SE0022729976 
DK0063205620 
NO0013400937 
SE0021501731 
SE0020199248 
SE0019030628 
NO0012823162 
SE0015236195 
SE0021624343 
SE0022422457 
SE0022729489 
DK0063194329 
NO0013400473 
SE0021504826 
SE0020198711 
SE0008403588 
SE0012315299 
SE0017215668 
DK0062633210 
SE0022413803 
SE0022728788 
DK0063217120 
SE0023298021 
SE0021501871 
SE0020199040 
NO0010900244 
DK0061932423 
SE0021153855 
DK0061910536 
SE0022413548 
SE0022730388 
DK0063197934 
NO0013397539 
SE0021619392 
SE0020198752 
SE0016840748 
SE0014448353 
SE0018582744 
DK0062633566 
SE0022412847 
SE0022728382 
DK0063194832 
NO0013396580 
DK0062554937 
SE0020199081 
SE0008654230 
NO0010902257 
NO0012725623 
DK0061910023 
SE0022414157 
SE0022730776 
DK0063206867 
NO0013396721 
SE0021615796 
SE0020362986 
NO0013155135 
SE0020980944 
SE0018560294 
SE0017100092 
SE0022412615 
SE0022730065 
DK0063227780 
NO0013401141 
SE0021615804 
SE0020199537 
SE0020362689 
SE0016129126 
SE0017216187 
SE0018562639 
SE0022412920 
SE0022729737 
DK0063196613 
NO0013393769 
DK0062552808 
SE0020198349 
DK0061235462 
SE0011171560 
SE0019367293 
SE0018209983 
SE0022415345 
SE0022728549 
DK0063227517 
NO0013398586 
SE0021501160 
SE0020198505 
NO0010797004 
SE0016043897 
NO0012452723 
NO0012823170 
SE0022413704 
SE0022729471 
DK0063175021 
NO0013398313 
DK0062553616 
SE0020198794 
NO0012996927 
SE0011171305 
SE0017589575 
SE0018211294 
SE0022412698 
SE0022729885 
DK0063207329 
NO0013393504 
DK0062552139 
SE0020199123 
SE0009861305 
SE0010627919 
SE0015485909 
SE0018211443 
SE0022415451 
SE0022733465 
DK0063197421 
NO0013401224 
DK0062641668 
SE0020199404 
DK0060919702 
NO0010794019 
SE0017201544 
SE0018211260 
SE0022414314 
DK0063036926 
DK0063222633 
NO0013400309 
SE0021510781 
SE0020198620 
SE0017605942 
SE0017099187 
SE0021015492 
SE0021503554 
SE0022413175 
DK0063037304 
DK0063190681 
DK0063278502 
DK0062653838 
SE0020198950 
DK0061980232 
SE0018554594 
SE0019372608 
SE0018558850 
SE0022414918 
DK0063035019 
SE0023123104 
NO0013350355 
DK0062643524 
SE0020198703 
NO0010909450 
SE0018188898 
SE0013250750 
SE0021507134 
SE0022414041 
DK0063044359 
SE0023123229 
DK0063281134 
DK0062628210 
SE0020198208 
SE0016136790 
SE0021506060 
SE0017596158 
SE0013928306 
SE0022413258 
SE0022734471 
NO0013342212 
SE0023279534 
NO0013153957 
SE0019900564 
SE0015667639 
NO0010906563 
SE0009979057 
SE0018577975 
SE0022412839 
DK0063027180 
DK0063230149 
SE0023279716 
SE0021506342 
SE0019900143 
DK0061004736 
SE0015225693 
SE0013917069 
SE0018559155 
SE0022413324 
NO0013242503 
DK0063233242 
NO0013341164 
SE0021503778 
DK0062140612 
NO0013039776 
NO0010888043 
SE0021622917 
SE0019038704 
SE0022405726 
SE0022731436 
SE0023124334 
NO0013378224 
SE0021506268 
SE0020188332 
DK0060885119 
NO0010900988 
DK0061444114 
SE0018175879 
SE0022411476 
NO0013242586 
DK0063231469 
DK0063279153 
DK0062622601 
SE0020187847 
NO0012999012 
SE0011169630 
SE0017588593 
NO0012997206 
SE0022412193 
SE0022731469 
DK0063229729 
NO0013375378 
DK0062634374 
SE0020188175 
SE0019372772 
DK0061482551 
DK0060992626 
SE0018178311 
SE0022406658 
SE0022731261 
NO0013344945 
SE0023277918 
DK0062627758 
SE0020188860 
DK0060977585 
SE0013932415 
FI4000252911 
SE0020190783 
SE0022407094 
NO0013307504 
SE0023121140 
SE0023278478 
SE0021506094 
SE0020188829 
SE0019056623 
SE0015225719 
NO0010794480 
SE0018176885 
SE0022408720 
SE0022731550 
SE0023122429 
SE0023277017 
DK0062636239 
SE0020187888 
DK0061014370 
SE0012314904 
NO0010793912 
SE0018176927 
SE0022411336 
DK0063028907 
DK0063172358 
SE0023302583 
DK0062632246 
DK0062429445 
SE0021016987 
DK0060963874 
SE0014818696 
SE0020362655 
SE0022411211 
SE0022596086 
DK0063164413 
DK0063349972 
SE0021508207 
SE0020188217 
FI4000316369 
DK0062677423 
FI4000253687 
SE0018176620 
SE0022411153 
NO0013307405 
SE0023121082 
SE0023303011 
SE0021504834 
SE0020188373 
SE0015224142 
DK0062641155 
SE0018577827 
SE0019055674 
SE0022410775 
SE0022595823 
DK0063233911 
SE0023302823 
SE0021503935 
DK0062291829 
FI4000316393 
DK0061010972 
SE0009979552 
SE0018177149 
SE0022408928 
SE0022595559 
SE0023125422 
SE0023303441 
SE0021505500 
SE0020188993 
SE0016598676 
NO0010794787 
NO0010903354 
SE0016135545 
SE0022409272 
SE0022595252 
DK0063236930 
SE0023302336 
SE0021506870 
SE0020188290 
NO0013042291 
SE0021505088 
SE0016278931 
SE0018178360 
SE0022411229 
SE0022595492 
DK0063236427 
DK0063348578 
SE0021507324 
SE0020188746 
SE0014438735 
SE0013926383 
SE0013917952 
NO0013131938 
SE0022407490 
SE0022595336 
DK0063237581 
SE0023294038 
NO0013153288 
SE0020188134 
SE0013933397 
NO0011048928 
SE0012322238 
DK0061756780 
SE0022409264 
NO0013307314 
DK0063236260 
SE0023294608 
SE0021507449 
SE0020188704 
FI4000316294 
SE0021622503 
SE0014433207 
SE0020193910 
SE0022408357 
DK0063015847 
SE0023125448 
SE0023294749 
DK0062571519 
SE0020182665 
DK0062343992 
NO0011156572 
SE0013917879 
SE0020386845 
SE0022409959 
DK0063016811 
DK0063217989 
SE0023293618 
SE0021505955 
SE0020183606 
SE0015951728 
SE0018184426 
SE0010128611 
DK0060701753 
SE0022410908 
DK0063015920 
DK0063176854 
SE0023293345

--- Page 185 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 185 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021510799 
SE0021502515 
NO0010898711 
DK0061161916 
NO0010908452 
SE0019357823 
SE0022406278 
SE0022595294 
DK0063204656 
NO0013394361 
DK0062678660 
SE0020184869 
SE0014818340 
SE0021017779 
SE0015943154 
NO0010905995 
SE0022411237 
SE0022595393 
DK0063226113 
NO0013398719 
SE0021505385 
SE0020184091 
SE0009983257 
FI4000370457 
SE0012959328 
NO0012740432 
SE0022414389 
SE0022595666 
DK0063174727 
NO0013395046 
SE0021507365 
SE0021003688 
DK0061209111 
DK0061009297 
SE0014824678 
SE0016042063 
SE0022413688 
SE0022599346 
DK0063178124 
NO0013393884 
DK0062568218 
DK0062369013 
SE0017222714 
SE0018584674 
SE0016278501 
SE0018179822 
SE0022414371 
SE0022729398 
DK0063191226 
NO0013396150 
SE0021507076 
SE0020183895 
SE0006341434 
SE0015667456 
SE0021503927 
DK0061907664 
SE0022419388 
SE0022599387 
DK0063187976 
NO0013401109 
SE0021623303 
SE0020183986 
NO0012823097 
SE0011170984 
SE0021500014 
NO0012725839 
SE0022418968 
SE0022729968 
DK0063209614 
DK0063337290 
SE0021505310 
SE0020183788 
FI4000492921 
DK0060613115 
DK0061048436 
DK0061908472 
SE0022416327 
SE0022728200 
DK0063201397 
NO0013397554 
SE0021506805 
DK0060614279 
NO0010888027 
SE0016136634 
DK0061048519 
SE0019039678 
SE0022416939 
SE0022728770 
DK0063226626 
NO0013393413 
SE0021507266 
DK0061450004 
SE0011170562 
SE0021507423 
SE0017608276 
DK0061908399 
SE0022422531 
SE0022727699 
DK0063214531 
NO0013400382 
SE0021507357 
SE0018571960 
SE0018582884 
SE0021619905 
SE0018587826 
SE0021618758 
SE0022422614 
SE0022599585 
DK0063195805 
NO0013398669 
SE0021507969 
SE0021493418 
NO0012845397 
SE0016136584 
SE0016047963 
DK0061909363 
SE0022416012 
SE0022728531 
DK0063225735 
NO0013401174 
SE0021507068 
DK0061456555 
DK0060827426 
SE0021499829 
SE0017590128 
DK0061911260 
SE0022416244 
SE0022599478 
DK0063188867 
SE0023297841 
SE0021505633 
DK0061618477 
DK0061494804 
DK0061618550 
SE0017589740 
SE0020199032 
SE0022416087 
SE0022729646 
DK0063204227 
NO0013394536 
SE0021506987 
SE0015951454 
SE0019046608 
DK0061621182 
SE0019033796 
NO0012826900 
SE0022418117 
SE0022730768 
DK0063177233 
NO0013399782 
SE0021499530 
SE0015236328 
SE0017088974 
SE0020984342 
NO0010887946 
NO0011141780 
SE0022417267 
SE0022599395 
DK0063185418 
NO0013401208 
SE0021499456 
NO0012998071 
SE0004580280 
SE0010628008 
SE0013932761 
SE0017605835 
SE0022419537 
SE0022730057 
DK0063200316 
NO0013395160 
DK0062642989 
DK0061496858 
SE0016279012 
SE0019062241 
SE0017589542 
SE0020978898 
SE0022418588 
SE0022727376 
DK0063192380 
DK0063276647 
SE0021499944 
SE0015229927 
SE0009859465 
SE0013928546 
SE0017589864 
NO0013158220 
SE0022416111 
SE0022728036 
SE0023123252 
SE0023277512 
SE0021499662 
SE0019040080 
SE0007491865 
SE0011170687 
DK0062178505 
DK0061765856 
SE0022418497 
SE0022729018 
DK0063233598 
SE0023277348 
SE0021499365 
SE0021000874 
FI4000253141 
DK0061254414 
SE0017589906 
NO0010957525 
SE0022416723 
SE0022728457 
NO0013345462 
NO0013348508 
SE0021499951 
SE0016843197 
FI4000420641 
SE0009860430 
SE0020387959 
SE0019051871 
SE0022422598 
SE0022727533 
SE0023123153 
SE0023278619 
SE0021499431 
FI4000492947 
SE0018563041 
FI4000239595 
SE0017594443 
SE0018560484 
SE0022417887 
SE0022728614 
DK0063231899 
SE0023277322 
SE0021499191 
SE0019910233 
SE0014818761 
NO0013089680 
NO0012502899 
DK0062675138 
SE0022419107 
SE0022730214 
SE0023123617 
DK0063277538 
SE0021499670 
FI4000493028 
FI4000420344 
SE0020363471 
NO0012503087 
SE0018558918 
SE0022415824 
SE0022599718 
SE0023122940 
SE0023277736 
SE0021499373 
SE0018569048 
DK0060847887 
SE0009980832 
SE0020194652 
SE0019035064 
SE0022417481 
SE0022729869 
SE0023123120 
SE0023301874 
SE0021499753 
SE0021617768 
DK0062513826 
SE0012958601 
SE0021508249 
NO0013158014 
SE0022418414 
SE0022729349 
DK0063229992 
SE0023302484 
SE0021499852 
FI4000492616 
DK0061977444 
SE0021622065 
SE0017613599 
NO0010902380 
SE0022418455 
SE0022728762 
DK0063234802 
SE0023303003 
SE0021499969 
SE0021017126 
DK0061210044 
SE0014818126 
NO0012452962 
DK0061877305 
SE0022417804 
SE0022733705 
DK0063211271 
SE0023303433 
SE0021500048 
NO0012827031 
SE0016593495 
NO0010976814 
DK0061697083 
SE0018573073 
SE0022417127 
SE0022733994 
DK0063211511 
SE0023303086 
SE0021499860 
SE0020697373 
SE0017203904 
SE0012820645 
DK0061693090 
SE0018573164 
SE0022414637 
SE0022734091 
DK0063232004 
SE0023301684 
SE0021499217 
SE0015666045 
SE0010136713 
SE0018583908 
DK0062646626 
NO0011132805 
SE0022413696 
SE0022733358 
SE0023123096 
DK0063350129 
SE0021499696 
SE0015666029 
NO0010897671 
SE0021504545 
SE0016598601 
SE0018573321 
SE0022415444 
NO0013286658 
DK0063186226 
SE0023294723 
SE0021499399 
SE0015665807 
SE0014826418 
SE0013929833 
SE0017587629 
SE0021013943 
SE0022414306 
SE0022731428 
DK0063233408 
NO0013399915 
SE0021500055 
NO0012845629 
DK0060842656 
SE0014431052 
SE0021160504 
SE0018574188 
SE0022414793 
NO0013307652 
SE0023123203 
SE0023294731 
SE0021493335 
SE0015664586 
SE0021017696 
SE0015490164 
SE0017221732 
SE0013918067 
SE0022414900 
SE0022731253 
SE0023125364 
SE0023293097 
SE0021493343 
DK0061447216 
DK0062353280 
SE0015236344 
DK0061588894 
SE0018207359 
SE0022413241 
NO0013307462 
DK0063233168 
NO0013393629 
SE0021499118 
NO0013131300 
FI4000248562 
SE0015952338 
SE0017223506 
SE0018207540 
SE0022413902 
SE0022731246 
DK0063237235 
NO0013398495 
SE0021493350 
NO0010896202 
SE0009859424 
SE0019046558 
SE0017223704 
SE0018207581 
SE0022414546 
SE0022731485 
SE0023125455 
NO0013397596 
SE0021499126 
NO0013001560 
DK0061199726 
SE0013923968 
NO0013155085 
SE0019051954 
SE0022413860 
DK0063027347 
DK0063238043 
NO0013397091 
SE0021493376 
SE0015671367 
SE0011975093 
DK0062202909 
NO0012997784 
SE0021004900 
SE0022412821 
DK0063029046 
DK0063237664 
NO0013399857 
SE0021498904 
NO0010918758 
DK0062288601 
SE0018557886 
NO0010793896 
SE0019058447 
SE0022422044 
DK0063027776 
DK0063236344 
NO0013395301 
SE0021499068 
NO0013044891 
SE0019899576 
DK0060874691 
SE0019358854 
SE0018207391 
SE0022412599 
NO0013242610 
DK0063245253 
NO0013400457 
SE0021493426 
SE0011171081 
SE0012315323 
NO0010918485 
NO0010900905 
NO0010795818 
SE0022412672 
SE0022731535 
DK0063223524 
DK0063337100 
SE0021499159 
SE0010821744 
SE0017568868 
SE0017076581 
DK0060875235 
SE0015951538 
SE0022414629 
SE0022731394 
DK0063200589 
NO0013400507 
SE0021499050 
SE0011421650 
SE0015241823 
SE0015236435 
NO0010796048 
SE0018207342 
SE0022412987 
SE0022731576 
DK0063213483 
NO0013401307 
SE0021493327 
SE0020197929 
SE0015945936 
DK0062352639 
SE0021004892 
NO0010913403 
SE0022413761 
SE0022595211 
SE0023122601 
NO0013394981 
SE0021493319 
SE0019047069 
NO0012763152 
SE0014821211 
SE0019046392 
SE0018208555 
SE0022398020 
SE0022595385 
DK0063205976 
NO0013393942 
SE0021493400 
DK0061484094 
NO0010791924 
NO0010898950 
NO0012996562 
DK0062555074 
SE0022397618 
NO0013307348 
DK0063201207 
NO0013400622 
SE0021498920 
SE0019051368 
DK0061014107 
SE0020378057 
DK0061002953 
NO0013042507 
SE0022397287 
NO0013307256 
DK0063189675 
NO0013397117 
SE0021498938 
SE0016279053 
NO0010956154 
DK0060977668 
NO0010918642 
SE0018208456 
SE0022396529 
DK0063015763 
DK0063220181 
NO0013398693 
SE0021499092 
DK0061481660 
DK0060998318 
SE0019372400 
DK0060846640 
DK0062642716 
SE0022398095 
SE0022595195 
DK0063198239 
NO0013394320

--- Page 186 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 186 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021497443 
DK0061483013 
SE0015490214 
DK0060828663 
SE0014448817 
NO0012584939 
SE0022398079 
DK0063014873 
DK0063220421 
NO0013397398 
SE0021497146 
SE0015490750 
SE0014820536 
NO0010908957 
SE0021007614 
SE0020696979 
SE0022396719 
DK0063014956 
DK0063184791 
NO0013373480 
SE0021496759 
SE0017214786 
FI4000318746 
SE0020696250 
NO0012608266 
DK0061002011 
SE0022398152 
NO0013242438 
DK0063203179 
SE0023277777 
SE0021498540 
SE0015490776 
DK0060997856 
SE0021617131 
DK0060976348 
DK0061695384 
SE0022396537 
NO0013242388 
DK0063228598 
NO0013376509 
SE0021496478 
NO0010906654 
NO0010899230 
SE0015943337 
NO0010908528 
DK0062048054 
SE0022396545 
SE0022595468 
DK0063190251 
NO0013375246 
NO0013154856 
DK0061007598 
DK0060997773 
DK0060884575 
SE0021615879 
SE0014818480 
SE0022397394 
NO0013242453 
DK0063175377 
SE0023278528 
SE0021506177 
NO0010906316 
DK0061035615 
DK0061331261 
DK0060867216 
SE0017605876 
SE0022397063 
SE0022596003 
DK0063207675 
DK0063278429 
SE0021498151 
SE0016047955 
DK0061499449 
NO0012823923 
NO0010912033 
SE0021161015 
SE0022396495 
SE0022595534 
DK0063199716 
DK0063282108 
SE0021496940 
DK0061359510 
FI4000059183 
SE0011170455 
DK0061048782 
SE0021154820 
SE0022396446 
SE0022729125 
DK0063218524 
NO0013349803 
SE0021496486 
DK0062325908 
SE0011171412 
SE0014821617 
NO0012585191 
NO0013003640 
SE0022396677 
SE0022729422 
DK0063223284 
SE0023277892 
SE0021497583 
FI4000318738 
SE0019055898 
SE0010136663 
SE0019056581 
SE0013920337 
SE0022422440 
SE0022728069 
DK0063193941 
NO0013349993 
SE0021497815 
NO0010906811 
DK0060940823 
SE0017203821 
FI4000462619 
DK0061908209 
SE0022417499 
SE0022730537 
DK0063222047 
NO0013349159 
SE0021496528 
DK0061438819 
DK0061483955 
SE0015489174 
SE0013931078 
NO0012824715 
SE0022417184 
SE0022728234 
DK0063226543 
SE0023300850 
SE0021732948 
SE0021011095 
SE0019038274 
FI4000254032 
SE0011424555 
SE0018583486 
SE0022417598 
SE0022599981 
SE0023123740 
SE0023301403 
SE0021511847 
FI4000460043 
NO0010896285 
SE0019051087 
SE0013920659 
SE0021015336 
SE0022416947 
SE0022728804 
NO0013344622 
SE0023300769 
NO0013132050 
NO0010906852 
SE0014818290 
SE0019067018 
NO0012974080 
SE0020387454 
SE0022419198 
SE0022730404 
SE0023125315 
SE0023301809 
NO0013123893 
NO0013154849 
SE0015489026 
NO0010900400 
SE0016279863 
SE0017166317 
SE0022417416 
SE0022729679 
SE0023122965 
SE0023302435 
SE0021496304 
NO0010904279 
SE0017077696 
NO0010900970 
NO0010826035 
SE0017605918 
SE0022416525 
SE0022729141 
DK0063232350 
SE0023301494 
SE0021504255 
NO0010796949 
SE0021623642 
SE0011170844 
FI4000537469 
FI4000318514 
SE0022418893 
SE0022599494 
NO0013348789 
SE0023303110 
SE0021493889 
SE0013529773 
SE0011169903 
SE0011171164 
SE0021010212 
SE0014822599 
SE0022418406 
SE0022599544 
NO0013342139 
SE0023294319 
DK0062555231 
NO0010903669 
SE0015224837 
SE0012820298 
SE0016043939 
SE0017605900 
SE0022417028 
SE0022729513 
NO0013340943 
NO0013394825 
DK0062551834 
NO0012998055 
NO0012658394 
DK0061910452 
SE0014431037 
SE0017605884 
SE0022418489 
SE0022728861 
SE0023122981 
SE0023293766 
DK0062555314 
DK0061500550 
NO0010903461 
SE0011171008 
SE0014814810 
DK0061765773 
SE0022416020 
SE0022729927 
DK0063230495 
SE0023292545 
DK0062556049 
SE0021012812 
SE0011169770 
DK0061766235 
SE0015497235 
SE0017222409 
SE0022416780 
SE0022599551 
DK0063233838 
NO0013400960 
DK0062552212 
SE0019068230 
NO0010899438 
NO0010918907 
SE0011168574 
FI4000496955 
SE0022418653 
SE0022727780 
SE0023124888 
SE0023292743 
DK0062553889 
SE0016042345 
DK0062289922 
DK0062652863 
FI4000318688 
SE0021503471 
SE0022416384 
SE0022730685 
DK0063234489 
SE0023292891 
DK0062551917 
SE0020978658 
SE0014446951 
NO0010896160 
SE0015485453 
FI4000496948 
SE0022417382 
SE0022728929 
SE0023124441 
SE0023294756 
DK0062554697 
DK0062287553 
SE0011169713 
SE0011168723 
SE0009981970 
SE0017606635 
SE0022418018 
SE0022728408 
SE0023123146 
SE0023293261 
DK0062552485 
SE0015227889 
DK0062622445 
SE0014823506 
SE0013930062 
SE0020384527 
SE0022417044 
SE0022727772 
DK0063234216 
NO0013394338 
SE0021501053 
DK0061897766 
SE0021499787 
NO0010898976 
NO0012763194 
NO0013126474 
SE0022419339 
SE0022727764 
DK0063234729 
NO0013400168 
DK0062556395 
SE0018208449 
DK0061003415 
NO0010913049 
SE0017221716 
SE0015945688 
SE0022417523 
SE0022729455 
DK0063214614 
NO0013396564 
DK0062554770 
SE0015227871 
NO0013045567 
SE0011168681 
SE0014820734 
SE0018185803 
SE0022416772 
SE0022599510 
SE0023124540 
NO0013396176 
NO0013089771 
SE0020188357 
SE0009979669 
SE0021510252 
SE0017088503 
SE0018185779 
SE0022417945 
SE0022729059 
SE0023125265 
NO0013398636 
DK0062552568 
SE0016278899 
NO0013003343 
DK0061007408 
SE0017088008 
SE0021000825 
SE0022416095 
SE0022733788 
DK0063244280 
NO0013397661 
DK0062556205 
SE0015945910 
SE0009982739 
NO0010792757 
SE0021622545 
SE0018184954 
SE0022417788 
SE0022734463 
SE0023127147 
NO0013398503 
SE0021505344 
SE0018571390 
SE0014431078 
NO0010898661 
SE0005136827 
SE0020377802 
SE0022417333 
SE0022733069 
SE0023126016 
NO0013398263 
SE0021505252 
SE0015945795 
SE0020992485 
SE0013529708 
NO0010976707 
SE0014437026 
SE0022417341 
SE0022733770 
DK0063225651 
NO0013395525 
SE0021507019 
SE0015941588 
SE0004580306 
FI4000438734 
SE0019042581 
SE0018573941 
SE0022413068 
NO0013307454 
DK0063176342 
NO0013399386 
DK0062570628 
NO0012745282 
NO0013003467 
FI4000493101 
SE0020980761 
SE0018574204 
SE0022413399 
SE0022731477 
DK0063224688 
NO0013399675 
SE0021505997 
SE0015242219 
SE0009860299 
NO0010902869 
SE0012567931 
SE0018574196 
SE0022415436 
SE0022731238 
DK0063228754 
NO0013400705 
DK0062652350 
NO0012996372 
SE0019045972 
DK0061017126 
SE0017087992 
SE0018574154 
SE0022413472 
DK0063027420 
DK0063201710 
NO0013394619 
SE0021505989 
SE0015242359 
DK0061369667 
DK0061249844 
SE0021734167 
SE0016128540 
SE0022414892 
DK0063028824 
DK0063192117 
NO0013396390 
SE0021507167 
DK0061498987 
SE0021156064 
SE0013916988 
SE0017568694 
SE0018574394 
SE0022413852 
NO0013307694 
DK0063215421 
NO0013399071 
SE0021506888 
SE0021014222 
NO0013002303 
SE0013237401 
SE0017087927 
SE0016137418 
SE0022415204 
SE0022731527 
DK0063200076 
NO0013395269 
NO0013153213 
DK0061445277 
SE0017088859 
SE0021005071 
SE0017088404 
SE0018575656 
SE0022412896 
NO0013242511 
DK0063205463 
NO0013393694 
SE0021507464 
SE0010128389 
DK0061169141 
SE0013923398 
SE0019895756 
SE0019044009 
SE0022412664 
SE0022731501 
DK0063218870 
NO0013394569 
SE0021505971 
FI4000495916 
FI4000436498 
SE0020980043 
DK0061036340 
SE0018575748 
SE0022412979 
NO0013307421 
DK0063201124 
SE0023280045 
DK0062571006 
NO0010896038 
SE0004447068 
SE0020380988 
SE0017088248 
SE0020361160 
SE0022414777 
SE0022731634 
DK0063222559 
DK0063293220 
SE0021505484 
DK0061446085 
SE0010141051 
DK0061169737 
SE0017088057 
FI4000537493 
SE0022415394 
SE0022595443 
DK0063205893 
DK0063293147 
SE0021507340 
SE0021155637 
SE0014818308 
NO0010894397 
SE0021511813 
SE0019372293 
SE0022414280 
DK0063015094 
DK0063198155 
DK0063292768 
SE0021505401 
SE0017081888 
SE0010627968 
DK0061367299 
DK0061196706 
SE0017590219 
SE0022414967 
NO0013307264 
DK0063189592 
SE0023280037 
DK0062563920 
SE0015242201 
SE0011752898 
SE0021159969 
SE0017087836 
FI4000537915 
SE0022398269 
DK0063015250 
DK0063217393 
DK0063293493

--- Page 187 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 187 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021494697 
SE0013253358 
SE0009861685 
SE0021001773 
SE0017088040 
SE0020379352 
SE0022396560 
NO0013307330 
DK0063220348 
DK0063293659 
SE0021494655 
DK0061442928 
DK0061980315 
NO0010906258 
SE0017090673 
SE0019372749 
SE0022398301 
NO0013242412 
DK0063184601 
SE0023280052 
SE0021493608 
SE0020377968 
NO0012845868 
SE0018577934 
SE0017075989 
FI4000438742 
SE0022397170 
SE0022595591 
SE0023123047 
DK0063293816 
SE0021495314 
SE0015242151 
DK0060716785 
FI4000463021 
SE0018554503 
DK0061877149 
SE0022398178 
SE0022596011 
NO0013345165 
SE0023280078 
SE0021495421 
DK0061446598 
SE0009861172 
DK0061358033 
SE0017076359 
SE0020989978 
SE0022397329 
SE0022586426 
SE0023123062 
SE0023279989 
SE0021620291 
SE0015490784 
DK0061480506 
FI4000252481 
SE0021156098 
SE0018565129 
SE0022397972 
NO0013307371 
DK0063232277 
DK0063293733 
SE0021496015 
SE0015489406 
SE0014826673 
SE0017569387 
SE0017075823 
DK0061875796 
SE0022397279 
SE0022595898 
SE0023125273 
SE0023280060 
SE0021495983 
SE0020377430 
SE0017078454 
DK0060839439 
SE0017075781 
NO0013003608 
SE0022398327 
SE0022595377 
DK0063230651 
SE0023280029 
SE0021505195 
SE0019897539 
DK0062322723 
SE0016136618 
SE0017076722 
SE0015665799 
SE0022418125 
NO0013307306 
SE0023124011 
DK0063294038 
SE0021493715 
SE0015947262 
SE0018567281 
DK0060845675 
SE0017165285 
SE0018565749 
SE0022417275 
SE0022728424 
DK0063234133 
SE0023279997 
SE0021496023 
SE0015943170 
SE0021734142 
SE0016793053 
SE0017075740 
SE0018565418 
SE0022417705 
SE0022730180 
DK0063233085 
SE0023280086 
SE0021494192 
SE0021017076 
NO0012827684 
NO0010829187 
SE0017198427 
SE0018565780 
SE0022417358 
SE0022727723 
NO0013346056 
SE0023301536 
SE0021493525 
SE0015242284 
SE0009983265 
SE0015945985 
SE0017076235 
DK0061878469 
SE0022416178 
SE0022729893 
SE0023124375 
SE0023300876 
SE0021495231 
SE0021621331 
SE0017089568 
DK0060872562 
SE0017076680 
SE0018569071 
SE0022422465 
SE0022728366 
NO0013346445 
SE0023301411 
SE0021505336 
FI4000472675 
SE0008403547 
FI4000537444 
SE0017076565 
SE0018566317 
SE0022419206 
SE0022730099 
NO0013343954 
SE0023302369 
DK0062554853 
SE0019368234 
SE0016047112 
SE0021617792 
SE0021489606 
SE0018566036 
SE0022417101 
NO0013308593 
SE0023124797 
SE0023303078 
DK0062552642 
SE0015241781 
SE0019356569 
DK0061208816 
SE0018577793 
DK0061877065 
SE0022416533 
SE0022733986 
DK0063231113 
DK0063350202 
DK0062554267 
DK0060875151 
SE0021623261 
SE0018185027 
SE0017076011 
NO0012997230 
SE0022419404 
SE0022734307 
SE0023123013 
SE0023293352 
SE0021499225 
SE0015241732 
DK0061013646 
NO0010976996 
SE0020188662 
SE0018567307 
SE0022417036 
DK0063035795 
NO0013349084 
SE0023294244 
SE0021499407 
NO0012823204 
SE0021161213 
SE0013539756 
SE0017076466 
SE0018565426 
SE0022417119 
DK0063045083 
SE0023125356 
SE0023293402 
SE0021500063 
DK0062651113 
DK0060890119 
DK0061208733 
SE0016278808 
SE0018565798 
SE0022423075 
SE0022734570 
NO0013341867 
SE0023293436 
SE0021499886 
DK0061369824 
SE0006341400 
SE0011423532 
SE0017076524 
SE0017073380 
SE0022419065 
DK0063033071 
NO0013343426 
NO0013400002 
SE0021499704 
SE0020361988 
SE0017076623 
SE0013933652 
SE0020376978 
SE0018566283 
SE0022415931 
DK0063042064 
SE0023124409 
SE0023292800 
SE0021499803 
SE0015951579 
NO0010912975 
SE0015667324 
DK0061557311 
DK0061878386 
SE0022419321 
SE0022731378 
NO0013340950 
SE0023297825 
DK0062627592 
DK0061007671 
SE0011170711 
NO0010906928 
SE0014436697 
DK0061008216 
SE0022417721 
SE0022731212 
SE0023125281 
DK0063336649 
SE0021499266 
NO0012828773 
SE0020188670 
SE0019036476 
FI4000316567 
SE0018583023 
SE0022419032 
SE0022731444 
SE0023124110 
NO0013398172 
SE0021499589 
DK0061504628 
SE0005039500 
DK0061356763 
SE0014810529 
SE0018582926 
SE0022417168 
SE0022731519 
SE0023126982 
NO0013398032 
SE0021499506 
SE0021499795 
DK0061014453 
DK0060833150 
DK0060876126 
SE0018582843 
SE0022418810 
NO0013307413 
SE0023126370 
NO0013400069 
SE0021493087 
SE0013934197 
SE0011760370 
SE0015951918 
SE0019030644 
DK0061873312 
SE0022415923 
DK0063028154 
SE0023126214 
NO0013397679 
SE0021619079 
SE0021619533 
DK0062353017 
DK0062046355 
DK0062671228 
SE0018584070 
SE0022418182 
SE0022731626 
SE0023126602 
NO0013396002 
SE0021493228 
SE0014823555 
SE0010978064 
NO0010976764 
SE0019370511 
DK0061873825 
SE0022417960 
SE0022731204 
DK0063209028 
DK0063336722 
DK0062547568 
SE0017594435 
SE0020188415 
SE0015668355 
SE0019030578 
SE0018582694 
SE0022416459 
NO0013307439 
DK0063175880 
NO0013395053 
DK0062545869 
NO0010904204 
DK0062651469 
DK0060715977 
SE0019030610 
DK0062399432 
SE0022417408 
SE0022731337 
DK0063228671 
SE0023297791 
SE0021493095 
NO0010902570 
SE0018577587 
DK0060884302 
NO0010902364 
SE0018583361 
SE0022418083 
SE0022596060 
DK0063196969 
NO0013393447 
SE0021492360 
SE0016793137 
SE0018570202 
DK0060996379 
SE0019030586 
SE0021505641 
SE0022418224 
SE0022595351 
DK0063210463 
NO0013395392 
SE0021492204 
SE0015947148 
SE0020979003 
NO0012658311 
NO0012845132 
SE0018582736 
SE0022417200 
SE0022595989 
DK0063218441 
NO0013395947 
SE0021492212 
SE0021000924 
SE0009860455 
DK0060615086 
SE0021509221 
SE0020989887 
SE0022417325 
SE0022595500 
DK0063222989 
DK0063293063 
SE0021489879 
NO0010902521 
NO0010824824 
DK0061442175 
SE0021495967 
SE0018583304 
SE0022419172 
SE0022595476 
DK0063199633 
SE0023280003 
SE0021490265 
SE0021505492 
SE0008654248 
NO0010794332 
SE0019053091 
SE0018563611 
SE0022413886 
DK0063016654 
DK0063212402 
SE0023279971 
SE0021489671 
SE0021009016 
SE0011171123 
SE0020988533 
SE0019051848 
FI4000537337 
SE0022413969 
NO0013242396 
DK0063218797 
DK0063292925 
SE0021616828 
DK0061359197 
SE0013529641 
SE0004446409 
SE0021160025 
FI4000252739 
SE0022412573 
SE0022727954 
DK0063187117 
DK0063292339 
SE0021489192 
SE0014825048 
SE0020686897 
SE0018171530 
SE0020680783 
SE0018583015 
SE0022414116 
SE0022734026 
DK0063211784 
DK0063293576 
SE0021506417 
NO0010901440 
SE0010351015 
NO0012528563 
SE0019068396 
SE0018582918 
SE0022414199 
SE0022733838 
DK0063214374 
SE0023280011 
DK0062538146 
NO0010824790 
SE0014818324 
SE0019374802 
SE0021506862 
SE0018569220 
SE0022413290 
SE0022734729 
DK0063226469 
DK0063292412 
DK0062538492 
NO0010901952 
FI4000370655 
SE0014436507 
SE0016280929 
SE0018184384 
SE0022415303 
DK0063044516 
SE0023122924 
DK0063293303 
SE0021488384 
DK0060895852 
SE0019054834 
DK0061446168 
SE0019068107 
SE0019058454 
SE0022414686 
SE0022734034 
DK0063188511 
DK0063341219 
SE0021488368 
SE0019046269 
FI4000373006 
SE0019371444 
SE0011423524 
SE0017590037 
SE0022412961 
SE0022733408 
DK0063202957 
DK0063340591 
NO0013130385 
SE0011752914 
NO0012998600 
SE0013930609 
SE0019041526 
SE0018185746 
SE0022414769 
NO0013307835 
DK0063195649 
DK0063339072 
NO0013122820 
SE0015941513 
NO0010900541 
DK0061194412 
SE0019068339 
SE0018184855 
SE0022413746 
NO0013307520 
DK0063226030 
DK0063345202 
SE0021620713 
SE0020695096 
DK0061368420 
SE0011168616 
SE0019068412 
SE0018185266 
SE0022413043 
SE0022731287 
DK0063201637 
DK0063341052 
SE0021499233 
SE0017596067 
DK0061906187 
SE0020201549 
SE0017189806 
SE0018185373 
SE0022413126 
NO0013307611 
DK0063233325 
NO0013394155 
DK0062679205 
NO0010913205 
SE0021616901 
SE0019892431 
SE0019067711 
SE0018185100 
SE0022414355 
SE0022731196 
SE0023125307 
DK0063344668

--- Page 188 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 188 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021621141 
SE0018178410 
DK0061006194 
SE0020387801 
SE0019068040 
SE0018185613 
SE0022414876 
SE0022731980 
DK0063232947 
DK0063339742 
SE0021499910 
NO0013047589 
SE0016834642 
NO0010901580 
SE0018540726 
SE0021006558 
SE0022414959 
NO0013242495 
DK0063209291 
DK0063345632 
SE0021500071 
NO0010897754 
SE0010141044 
NO0010904170 
SE0019068818 
SE0017216062 
SE0022413878 
SE0022728937 
SE0023124425 
DK0063338348 
SE0021731320 
SE0021507050 
DK0060976777 
NO0010908726 
DK0061770856 
SE0018185209 
SE0022413951 
SE0022729729 
SE0023123187 
SE0023284658 
SE0021499811 
SE0021004280 
NO0012502980 
SE0010982512 
DK0061998523 
SE0018185019 
SE0022397931 
SE0022727988 
DK0063229646 
NO0013395624 
SE0021499274 
SE0020993517 
NO0013046359 
DK0060858066 
SE0016279780 
NO0012823261 
SE0022397857 
SE0022728903 
NO0013345942 
DK0063323316 
SE0021499597 
SE0020197994 
SE0020362176 
SE0013933405 
SE0017568934 
DK0062031910 
SE0022396552 
SE0022730628 
NO0013348268 
SE0023291737 
SE0021500006 
NO0010914302 
SE0010140814 
SE0013924347 
DK0061576964 
NO0010794746 
SE0022398368 
SE0022599957 
DK0063234562 
SE0023283999 
SE0021499928 
SE0020372878 
NO0010902786 
NO0010903693 
SE0017568629 
SE0018587073 
SE0022396453 
SE0022730677 
SE0023123070 
DK0063323159 
SE0021499522 
NO0010901598 
SE0021495934 
NO0010896780 
SE0013925872 
SE0021015021 
SE0022397832 
SE0022730529 
DK0063232434 
SE0023294764 
SE0021510435 
SE0018184368 
SE0009979008 
SE0012315166 
SE0019046095 
SE0019372442 
SE0022398236 
SE0022730818 
SE0023125349 
NO0013399725 
SE0021499415 
SE0015668033 
SE0015943758 
NO0010909765 
DK0061690153 
FI4000392600 
SE0022397238 
SE0022728218 
SE0023123583 
NO0013401042 
SE0021623386 
SE0010141069 
SE0013930302 
NO0010908544 
SE0017568769 
SE0019372624 
SE0022397634 
SE0022728796 
DK0063235296 
NO0013400648 
SE0021506110 
SE0006341145 
SE0021503893 
SE0021500659 
SE0017568801 
SE0011169762 
SE0022398228 
SE0022729653 
SE0023125950 
SE0023292883 
SE0021499936 
SE0012567824 
FI4000346499 
SE0013920345 
SE0018554131 
SE0021000254 
SE0022397717 
SE0022599841 
SE0023126206 
SE0023294699 
SE0021500097 
SE0011169663 
SE0015669197 
SE0017081763 
SE0017568942 
DK0062080883 
SE0022397436 
SE0022728952 
SE0023125844 
SE0023294012 
DK0062658399 
SE0019056862 
SE0013929494 
SE0014440707 
NO0010918576 
DK0062080024 
SE0022396727 
SE0022728374 
SE0023126628 
SE0023293980 
SE0021499357 
NO0010897697 
SE0012567881 
SE0014438701 
SE0019054172 
SE0009861610 
SE0022398111 
SE0022730701 
SE0023126180 
NO0013395327 
SE0021495926 
NO0010902760 
NO0013046458 
SE0013920220 
SE0017569023 
SE0018538274 
SE0022411443 
SE0022599502 
SE0023126701 
SE0023294574 
SE0021496049 
SE0019046566 
SE0013927043 
DK0060846053 
DK0061789872 
DK0062078127 
SE0022407235 
SE0022729000 
DK0063185251 
NO0013399949 
SE0021494986 
DK0062086302 
SE0019037466 
FI4000252713 
SE0021733177 
SE0018538266 
SE0022412011 
SE0022728879 
DK0063216239 
NO0013394510 
DK0062550000 
DK0061980745 
SE0020361731 
SE0016788426 
DK0061790532 
SE0021503422 
SE0022409934 
SE0022599833 
DK0063210547 
NO0013398545 
SE0021493269 
FI4000495825 
SE0015944939 
NO0010896889 
SE0018171688 
SE0009861404 
SE0022418190 
SE0022730719 
DK0063215348 
NO0013394379 
SE0021493277 
SE0021017878 
NO0012759168 
DK0061170743 
SE0018171738 
DK0061595246 
SE0022415956 
SE0022727871 
DK0063203849 
NO0013398974 
SE0021493194 
SE0019374158 
SE0017164833 
DK0061441367 
SE0018171670 
DK0062079877 
SE0022417713 
SE0022599536 
DK0063205703 
NO0013394775 
SE0021493137 
FI4000495957 
SE0017612575 
SE0021499993 
SE0018171753 
SE0017570708 
SE0022416798 
SE0022599858 
DK0063201041 
NO0013397133 
DK0062547485 
SE0015942107 
SE0021015518 
NO0012608258 
SE0017194178 
SE0018562225 
SE0022419495 
SE0022729703 
DK0063198072 
DK0063336995 
SE0021493152 
SE0015941554 
SE0020199339 
NO0010906571 
SE0019046145 
DK0062462818 
SE0022418661 
DK0063040878 
DK0063217203 
NO0013400853 
DK0062671061 
SE0021160785 
DK0061444890 
NO0010794340 
SE0019046517 
SE0017575301 
SE0022417630 
SE0022734018 
DK0063194915 
NO0013398610 
SE0021489424 
SE0013927068 
SE0009859416 
NO0013089946 
SE0017602105 
SE0018207557 
SE0022419040 
SE0022733945 
DK0063206941 
NO0013399501 
SE0021490448 
NO0012761966 
SE0011170380 
SE0019046681 
SE0019045956 
SE0021619863 
SE0022417614 
DK0063042304 
DK0063175617 
NO0013398552 
SE0021489275 
NO0010918444 
DK0061578317 
SE0019372558 
SE0021014511 
DK0061617669 
SE0022416962 
NO0013286641 
DK0063220264 
NO0013399410 
SE0021490182 
DK0061360872 
NO0010976822 
FI4000439070 
SE0019047192 
SE0017573553 
SE0022417432 
SE0022733473 
DK0063210893 
NO0013396929 
SE0021490950 
SE0013931151 
SE0015224100 
SE0011170869 
NO0010908494 
SE0017575251 
SE0022416541 
SE0022734505 
DK0063227863 
DK0063336565 
SE0021491362 
DK0061749652 
DK0061000908 
NO0012452764 
SE0013928074 
SE0011168657 
SE0022419412 
SE0022734240 
DK0063196886 
NO0013397273 
SE0021491552 
SE0018569949 
SE0020377745 
SE0015241799 
SE0019046491 
SE0018184996 
SE0022417895 
DK0063027859 
DK0063190095 
NO0013393926 
SE0021490190 
DK0061356250 
NO0010909294 
SE0013917192 
SE0019046335 
NO0012828005 
SE0022419131 
NO0013242628 
DK0063175104 
NO0013393488 
SE0021491560 
FI4000318845 
SE0014448569 
DK0061480696 
SE0019047234 
SE0017573140 
SE0022419073 
DK0063029202 
DK0063222716 
DK0063343694 
SE0021489614 
SE0018546681 
SE0016281463 
SE0014818357 
SE0019047051 
SE0020362523 
SE0022417531 
NO0013242594 
DK0063212329 
DK0063343421 
SE0021489846 
SE0013929486 
DK0061000585 
SE0021017050 
SE0019046970 
SE0017573587 
SE0022418265 
DK0063027503 
DK0063193008 
DK0063344908 
SE0021489291 
SE0018573602 
SE0019910290 
NO0010847908 
DK0061190188 
DK0061011947 
SE0022415832 
DK0063028741 
NO0013347005 
DK0063343777 
NO0013131318 
DK0061388105 
DK0061000312 
DK0062056313 
NO0010836729 
SE0017573330 
SE0022416236 
SE0022731220 
DK0063230735 
SE0023298369 
SE0021491578 
SE0019035577 
DK0060963957 
SE0014447603 
SE0010128512 
SE0020361426 
SE0022419016 
SE0022731931 
DK0063235452 
DK0063347687 
SE0021489473 
DK0062047320 
SE0015670260 
SE0020694073 
SE0021489184 
DK0062177531 
SE0022417283 
SE0022731642 
SE0023124193 
DK0063346283 
SE0021491123 
DK0062229787 
SE0005219037 
SE0018562241 
SE0019370503 
SE0017595879 
SE0022416285 
NO0013242537 
NO0013347492 
DK0063342100 
NO0013123349 
DK0061445947 
SE0019367301 
NO0013130443 
NO0012823717 
SE0018569139 
SE0022418711 
DK0063027933 
SE0023124987 
DK0063340328 
SE0021494911 
SE0014819405 
SE0009892599 
SE0013933280 
NO0012823675 
SE0018568800 
SE0022419479 
SE0022731584 
DK0063187380 
DK0063346440 
SE0021489309 
SE0014819645 
SE0021732484 
SE0013916996 
NO0012827130 
SE0021625506 
SE0022419438 
SE0022729612 
DK0063228838 
NO0013397265 
DK0062538575 
SE0014819413 
SE0011171156 
DK0062057980 
NO0012765884 
DK0061904216 
SE0022418943 
SE0022729091 
DK0063212592 
DK0063339908 
DK0062538658 
SE0015668025 
NO0010918493 
SE0009861420 
SE0019370297 
NO0012843749 
SE0022422556 
SE0022730669 
DK0063189758 
DK0063329198 
DK0062538062 
DK0061376449 
NO0012997610 
DK0061419512 
SE0020377992 
SE0018569105 
SE0022417937 
SE0022728275 
DK0063227004 
SE0023291695 
SE0021489218 
DK0061365244 
DK0060993780 
SE0014823704 
DK0060841765 
FI4000424353 
SE0022417390 
SE0022728945 
DK0063188784 
SE0023291901

--- Page 189 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 189 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021503653 
DK0062251526 
SE0013923364 
NO0010847437 
SE0018565467 
SE0018569212 
SE0022417374 
SE0022727970 
SE0023118203 
NO0013394882 
NO0013130419 
NO0010901259 
DK0062073755 
SE0021160157 
SE0019370446 
SE0017101439 
SE0022416277 
SE0022730156 
NO0013345835 
DK0063332309 
SE0021502788 
NO0012977489 
FI4000261664 
FI4000318605 
SE0021170230 
SE0018568842 
SE0022414512 
SE0022729307 
SE0023105622 
DK0063314083 
NO0013122549 
DK0061581378 
SE0021620366 
DK0060995645 
DK0062447421 
NO0012726373 
SE0022413837 
SE0022730750 
DK0063121603 
SE0023291703 
DK0062538229 
NO0010918295 
SE0013929361 
SE0014818266 
NO0012763137 
NO0012726092 
SE0022412797 
SE0022599619 
DK0063202528 
NO0013395343 
NO0013122812 
NO0010901192 
NO0013130351 
SE0021502721 
SE0019370495 
SE0016592083 
SE0022415188 
SE0022730446 
DK0063228325 
SE0023294350 
NO0013122135 
NO0010770613 
NO0010882160 
FI4000425327 
SE0019051079 
NO0012726159 
SE0022415295 
SE0022727996 
DK0063212246 
SE0023294681 
NO0013130435 
NO0010902059 
SE0016837835 
NO0010792179 
DK0062634614 
NO0010918717 
SE0022413282 
SE0022729919 
DK0063194592 
SE0023293808 
SE0021495942 
NO0010902091 
SE0019039645 
NO0010848054 
DK0061998952 
DK0061889904 
SE0022412649 
SE0022727343 
DK0063224415 
SE0023293154 
NO0013130518 
DK0061205556 
SE0020362200 
SE0018585341 
SE0013916970 
SE0019903386 
SE0022413365 
SE0022729083 
DK0063200159 
NO0013394023 
SE0021622586 
SE0015489166 
NO0010896574 
SE0013928496 
SE0019069576 
SE0021733102 
SE0022414751 
SE0022730800 
DK0063208566 
SE0023293964 
NO0013130336 
DK0061443140 
NO0010895915 
NO0013003269 
SE0019040650 
FI4000492640 
SE0022413035 
SE0022599577 
DK0063206354 
NO0013396705 
NO0013122879 
SE0019374810 
SE0011423540 
SE0011171255 
DK0061579554 
DK0061954583 
SE0022413449 
SE0022728267 
DK0063176425 
NO0013397653 
DK0062667895 
SE0019068297 
SE0020979326 
SE0019368259 
DK0061998440 
NO0012658063 
SE0022413522 
SE0022599635 
DK0063186655 
NO0013399865 
NO0013130468 
SE0016044192 
NO0010909286 
SE0011171271 
SE0020976322 
SE0021623162 
SE0022412458 
SE0022730255 
DK0063185764 
NO0013395707 
DK0062676292 
NO0013158394 
SE0021013067 
FI4000261656 
SE0017608227 
DK0061888856 
SE0022412789 
SE0022728390 
DK0063177662 
SE0023297809 
NO0013130534 
NO0010896376 
NO0010795883 
SE0020371656 
SE0019046673 
SE0018173502 
SE0022414074 
SE0022728572 
DK0063197348 
DK0063337456 
NO0013130500 
SE0014823431 
NO0013157917 
DK0061702263 
SE0019034273 
DK0061891801 
SE0022412474 
SE0022727384 
DK0063195722 
NO0013395673 
NO0013130526 
SE0015943865 
SE0021014701 
SE0011171263 
SE0019037490 
SE0021006921 
SE0022414090 
SE0022729356 
DK0063190848 
NO0013397497 
DK0062674594 
SE0015942875 
DK0061209707 
SE0020691418 
NO0010909476 
SE0018573586 
SE0022408605 
DK0063034558 
DK0063226899 
NO0013400747 
NO0013130328 
SE0015944731 
FI4000537360 
FI4000365341 
FI4000443700 
DK0061921731 
SE0022412177 
SE0022734612 
DK0063214291 
DK0063336805 
DK0062670410 
SE0018543639 
SE0015497185 
DK0061003845 
SE0019036955 
DK0062204368 
SE0022409942 
SE0022734000 
DK0063223797 
NO0013398578 
NO0013130476 
SE0015943204 
NO0010897499 
SE0017206246 
NO0012996695 
NO0010903073 
SE0022406815 
SE0022733937 
DK0063197850 
SE0023297783 
NO0013130450 
FI4000443668 
SE0018179988 
SE0020361897 
SE0019035601 
SE0015241807 
SE0022409017 
SE0022734075 
DK0063225305 
NO0013394031 
SE0021489325 
SE0021017316 
NO0010796485 
SE0013933629 
SE0019036054 
SE0015941406 
SE0022408886 
NO0013308601 
DK0063229562 
NO0013400770 
SE0021490414 
FI4000495882 
SE0011753011 
SE0017076516 
SE0019036500 
NO0010908742 
SE0022411161 
DK0063033584 
SE0023126222 
NO0013394486 
SE0021489333 
SE0009860232 
DK0062667705 
NO0013122853 
DK0061006004 
SE0018538258 
SE0022407110 
SE0022734273 
SE0023126057 
SE0023297858 
NO0013130401 
DK0061595758 
NO0013042390 
SE0014446944 
SE0019036914 
SE0018540635 
SE0022409892 
SE0022733564 
SE0023126925 
DK0063336482 
NO0013158212 
DK0062674917 
NO0013157941 
DK0061015773 
NO0012503350 
SE0019892480 
SE0022408308 
SE0022734059 
SE0023126859 
DK0063339155 
DK0062572590 
FI4000495924 
SE0011170570 
SE0011753151 
SE0020188423 
SE0021616786 
SE0022411112 
DK0063044862 
SE0023125976 
NO0013399840 
SE0021487543 
SE0017214232 
SE0020193746 
SE0011169879 
DK0061093069 
SE0017194897 
SE0022408597 
SE0022733960 
SE0023126529 
DK0063341482 
SE0021180858 
SE0020384444 
SE0011168467 
DK0061688330 
SE0021008448 
DK0061863008 
SE0022410056 
SE0022733929 
DK0063229059 
DK0063338694 
SE0021180965 
DK0061504115 
NO0010795073 
SE0009859598 
DK0060842813 
SE0019892522 
SE0022406849 
SE0022734935 
DK0063176508 
DK0063343264 
SE0021180361 
SE0017568736 
SE0017230287 
DK0062353959 
SE0018174633 
SE0018539397 
SE0022410577 
SE0022734927 
DK0063213806 
DK0063347927 
SE0021180718 
SE0020198281 
NO0010901457 
SE0020361541 
SE0018173072 
SE0018540999 
SE0022411864 
DK0063045166 
DK0063227947 
DK0063344585 
SE0021179496 
SE0015939137 
NO0010896772 
NO0012743576 
SE0018175648 
DK0062446373 
SE0022408712 
DK0063028071 
DK0063177829 
DK0063348149 
SE0021179942 
SE0018185464 
SE0013934056 
DK0060678837 
NO0013154534 
DK0061447133 
SE0022407086 
SE0022731451 
DK0063228911 
DK0063340401 
SE0021179124 
SE0020194900 
SE0019359878 
SE0009859879 
SE0017085541 
SE0018540619 
SE0022410999 
SE0022731386 
DK0063202015 
SE0023298716 
DK0062644092 
SE0015497433 
SE0011168608 
NO0010900616 
SE0015239199 
DK0062081691 
SE0022416889 
NO0013242602 
DK0063191655 
SE0023299896 
SE0021499688 
NO0010888746 
DK0061299005 
SE0019053448 
NO0012824558 
SE0012315364 
SE0022416350 
SE0022731345 
DK0063216668 
SE0023300215 
SE0021179363 
DK0060837060 
NO0010795131 
FI4000447313 
SE0020698512 
SE0019892514 
SE0022418208 
NO0013307496 
DK0063192463 
SE0023300017 
SE0021507928 
SE0019374778 
FI4000254131 
SE0013924545 
SE0019046590 
SE0017569320 
SE0022416194 
NO0013307470 
DK0063223607 
SE0023299185 
SE0021180916 
SE0021506151 
SE0016044200 
SE0014447041 
SE0019046384 
SE0018539447 
SE0022416806 
SE0022731279 
DK0063200662 
SE0023299698 
SE0021178944 
DK0062553459 
FI4000231105 
SE0017075518 
DK0061051810 
NO0012845199 
SE0022422564 
SE0022731352 
DK0063206271 
DK0063328976 
SE0021178878 
SE0015941398 
SE0014818183 
SE0013924719 
NO0012823352 
SE0021152527 
SE0022418349 
SE0022731410 
DK0063215694 
DK0063315809 
SE0021179827 
SE0021503588 
SE0021618618 
SE0019048919 
SE0021003647 
SE0017595838 
SE0022418679 
NO0013242545 
DK0063208137 
SE0023291372 
SE0021180544 
SE0015663414 
SE0019045212 
SE0013924065 
SE0021017886 
NO0013089904 
SE0022417440 
NO0013307728 
DK0063221742 
DK0063319983 
SE0021180833 
SE0013930625 
SE0015667365 
SE0017081862 
SE0013934643 
NO0013126151 
SE0022422481 
SE0022730198 
DK0063217559 
SE0023134812 
SE0021505153 
SE0018574162 
FI4000215322 
SE0014822375 
SE0011170190 
SE0020361053 
SE0022419057 
SE0022730610 
DK0063176185 
NO0013394130 
SE0021179835 
SE0019047507 
DK0060999555 
SE0017214281 
SE0021015245 
SE0018176893 
SE0022417622 
SE0022599486 
DK0063220504 
SE0023291984 
SE0021159894 
SE0015501515 
SE0021617016 
SE0016136436 
DK0061978764 
SE0018175622 
SE0022416442 
SE0022727756 
DK0063190335 
SE0023291976 
DK0062649802 
NO0012743469 
NO0010904121 
SE0019370164 
SE0019062258 
SE0013529781 
SE0022419347 
SE0022727442 
DK0063210703 
DK0063319207

--- Page 190 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 190 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021160900 
DK0062669834 
SE0010350991 
SE0016039069 
DK0061443496 
DK0061619368 
SE0022418513 
SE0022599866 
SE0023123237 
DK0063314406 
SE0021160082 
FI4000445440 
DK0060999043 
SE0014818167 
SE0019035619 
SE0018178402 
SE0022417218 
SE0022599437 
DK0063230818 
SE0023294376 
SE0021159811 
NO0011023772 
NO0010918436 
SE0021497591 
SE0020978641 
SE0012315083 
SE0022418430 
SE0022728507 
NO0013349589 
SE0023292586 
SE0021160538 
SE0015501523 
SE0016603237 
SE0014809364 
SE0021499035 
SE0018178378 
SE0022417903 
SE0022728747 
SE0023125299 
SE0023293493 
SE0021160561 
SE0020697217 
DK0062624144 
NO0010896541 
SE0019039629 
SE0015225586 
SE0022422507 
SE0022728283 
SE0023125323 
SE0023294129 
SE0021160710 
DK0060835528 
SE0011169705 
SE0014449104 
DK0062076857 
SE0018176901 
SE0022417671 
SE0022727889 
DK0063234059 
NO0013395715 
SE0021512043 
NO0010903412 
SE0012315091 
FI4000493226 
SE0019371733 
SE0014818738 
SE0022417580 
SE0022727665 
NO0013347229 
NO0013399048 
SE0021160447 
SE0021501707 
DK0060995728 
SE0013925518 
NO0012658014 
SE0018176646 
SE0022419511 
SE0022728358 
NO0013340869 
SE0023294210 
SE0021161221 
SE0020377463 
NO0010957707 
SE0011169747 
SE0019371774 
NO0010913189 
SE0022416418 
SE0022727897 
DK0063193784 
NO0013398818 
DK0062653408 
NO0013044586 
DK0060833234 
SE0019046822 
SE0021620705 
SE0018176851 
SE0022418216 
SE0022729992 
DK0063189832 
NO0013397620 
SE0021160306 
NO0010903495 
SE0020192201 
SE0014818258 
DK0062075107 
DK0061578903 
SE0022419297 
SE0022727798 
DK0063175294 
SE0023293303 
SE0021159621 
NO0011023699 
SE0017072523 
SE0017073067 
DK0061789013 
SE0014430427 
SE0022419420 
SE0022730552 
DK0063210117 
DK0063345475 
NO0013153049 
NO0010904246 
NO0012977463 
SE0017202559 
DK0062074217 
SE0016279277 
SE0022418992 
SE0022727913 
DK0063216072 
DK0063340161 
SE0021160850 
SE0021619673 
DK0061482122 
SE0021013117 
DK0061765344 
SE0017212715 
SE0022417648 
SE0022599874 
DK0063199989 
DK0063341136 
SE0021160215 
SE0009860216 
SE0020199289 
SE0020199644 
NO0012824566 
DK0061034725 
SE0022415949 
SE0022729174 
DK0063190764 
DK0063338934 
SE0021178670 
SE0020387942 
NO0010902018 
SE0014437414 
SE0021001831 
SE0018573933 
SE0022416954 
SE0022730784 
DK0063176268 
DK0063342886 
DK0062528931 
SE0019051038 
DK0061061108 
SE0017076003 
NO0010902232 
NO0013155093 
SE0022416400 
SE0022599403 
DK0063216155 
DK0063345392 
SE0021160090 
SE0017076037 
SE0021164134 
SE0014437372 
DK0062048807 
DK0061749579 
SE0022416186 
SE0022728325 
DK0063227194 
DK0063339239 
SE0021159829 
SE0013934346 
DK0061016151 
DK0062080610 
NO0012827890 
SE0017077688 
SE0022417150 
SE0022730578 
DK0063225065 
DK0063341565 
SE0021160579 
SE0015668009 
SE0021733607 
SE0017093982 
SE0019371683 
SE0018571408 
SE0022417507 
SE0022728754 
DK0063226386 
DK0063343504 
DK0062666814 
NO0012608191 
DK0061016078 
SE0014437398 
DK0062672036 
NO0013001586 
SE0022422515 
DK0063033667 
DK0063216742 
DK0063338421 
SE0021160546 
SE0015487889 
DK0061014883 
SE0016043921 
NO0012824491 
NO0010896178 
SE0022417309 
SE0022733390 
DK0063223367 
DK0063342290 
SE0021621836 
SE0019046764 
FI4000430285 
SE0018207532 
SE0021016839 
NO0012607060 
SE0022416996 
NO0013308585 
DK0063198742 
DK0063346796 
SE0021159639 
SE0020990018 
SE0021616570 
NO0010902968 
DK0061889821 
NO0012726563 
SE0022413944 
NO0013308627 
DK0063213566 
NO0013397786 
SE0021160868 
SE0019047119 
SE0017075914 
SE0016134340 
SE0019374752 
DK0061909280 
SE0022415170 
SE0022735957 
DK0063193198 
SE0023299763 
SE0021160991 
NO0010896509 
SE0019058710 
NO0012911900 
SE0020362788 
DK0062287710 
SE0022414587 
DK0063045240 
DK0063210380 
SE0023298971 
DK0062646030 
SE0020195972 
NO0013047704 
SE0013927464 
DK0062380762 
SE0013924693 
SE0022413563 
SE0022735981 
SE0023122643 
SE0023299300 
DK0062646113 
SE0016283113 
DK0061013802 
SE0018179194 
SE0019372715 
SE0018570277 
SE0022412862 
DK0063027263 
DK0063188941 
SE0023299730 
NO0013122770 
NO0013089797 
DK0061013133 
SE0018558884 
FI4000537428 
NO0010900640 
SE0022413647 
SE0022731402 
SE0023126446 
SE0023299276 
NO0013131110 
NO0010896392 
SE0021003720 
DK0061455664 
SE0017076177 
SE0017584303 
SE0022413357 
SE0022731311 
SE0023127105 
SE0023299466 
NO0013130393 
DK0062009239 
DK0061012754 
SE0011171172 
FI4000537923 
SE0018571952 
SE0022413720 
DK0063029129 
SE0023126263 
SE0023299888 
NO0013122861 
SE0021510526 
SE0021622180 
NO0012828633 
NO0013086603 
NO0010825417 
SE0022414850 
SE0022731493 
SE0023126248 
SE0023299458 
NO0013130377 
NO0010896731 
SE0020188050 
SE0016137038 
DK0062288288 
SE0018570467 
SE0022414827 
SE0022731329 
DK0063207758 
SE0023300207 
SE0021159860 
NO0010896665 
SE0021507480 
SE0013934148 
SE0018574337 
SE0018571416 
SE0022413456 
NO0013307744 
DK0063198668 
SE0023299177 
SE0021159589 
DK0061358462 
SE0017191901 
SE0015951843 
SE0021621570 
SE0021499878 
SE0022413191 
SE0022731600 
DK0063226709 
SE0023300140 
SE0021177623 
DK0061403862 
NO0010795784 
SE0006341319 
SE0018574402 
SE0017076698 
SE0022412441 
NO0013242529 
DK0063196290 
SE0023298898 
DK0062663043 
SE0017588940 
DK0061382926 
SE0014446910 
SE0019363904 
NO0010902000 
SE0022412771 
SE0022731592 
DK0063191499 
SE0023299755 
SE0021180320 
SE0019901380 
SE0021505518 
DK0061634839 
SE0019363771 
NO0012540907 
SE0022414165 
NO0013307512 
DK0063200829 
SE0023299268 
SE0021616620 
DK0061398849 
SE0021175395 
SE0019046137 
NO0013001537 
DK0060835874 
SE0022414017 
DK0063027693 
DK0063191739 
SE0023299722 
SE0021180841 
DK0061390788 
SE0021511706 
SE0015951033 
SE0021159977 
SE0018540981 
SE0022413555 
SE0022728853 
DK0063192976 
SE0023299086 
SE0021180957 
DK0061367612 
FI4000316278 
SE0019036047 
SE0019364100 
DK0062081345 
SE0022408381 
SE0022729133 
DK0063200902 
SE0023299805 
SE0021179231 
SE0021159613 
SE0009861099 
SE0011171362 
DK0062658985 
NO0012824749 
SE0022410395 
SE0022729430 
DK0063186143 
SE0023298997 
NO0013126482 
SE0018554495 
NO0013042531 
DK0060885036 
SE0021507316 
NO0012824756 
SE0022409868 
SE0022729109 
DK0063207162 
SE0023291869 
SE0021160132 
SE0017588585 
FI4000255104 
NO0010847825 
SE0021008901 
SE0018538779 
SE0022408464 
SE0022599890 
DK0063195995 
SE0023291646 
SE0021160611 
SE0020992493 
FI4000316252 
SE0014447157 
SE0020696946 
SE0017074255 
SE0022410353 
SE0022730743 
DK0063186499 
SE0023291109 
SE0021159688 
NO0012843723 
FI4000316161 
NO0010913213 
SE0011168814 
SE0018541021 
SE0022412136 
SE0022730651 
DK0063204144 
SE0023291828 
NO0013122846 
SE0015664644 
SE0015939087 
SE0009859648 
DK0061906344 
SE0021739786 
SE0022411435 
SE0022729588 
DK0063228408 
SE0023285119 
SE0021160173 
SE0020979433 
SE0018578213 
NO0012823238 
FI4000537311 
SE0021739760 
SE0022411849 
SE0022730131 
DK0063228242 
SE0023291653 
SE0021160686 
SE0015665153 
SE0021622941 
SE0019039157 
SE0017576309 
SE0021155140 
SE0022406989 
SE0022730586 
DK0063174990 
SE0023291950 
SE0021161197 
SE0015664602 
SE0013917895 
SE0009859705 
NO0012727280 
SE0020377273 
SE0022406476 
SE0022729505 
DK0063177902 
SE0023284088 
SE0021160058 
SE0019903782 
FI4000316179 
SE0011168509 
NO0012729260 
SE0019374786 
SE0022411385 
SE0022728259 
DK0063223011 
SE0023293857 
SE0021159878 
SE0015664792 
FI4000315957 
SE0019045253 
NO0010899107 
SE0013255411 
SE0022412003 
SE0022730636 
DK0063224928 
SE0023294707

--- Page 191 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 191 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021160405 
SE0015665112 
SE0014826640 
NO0012976309 
NO0010897622 
SE0018208472 
SE0022409108 
SE0022599429 
DK0063206198 
SE0023293295 
SE0021160629 
DK0060840288 
DK0060874261 
SE0013925559 
NO0012729237 
SE0018208688 
SE0022408506 
SE0022727525 
DK0063211198 
NO0013400515 
SE0021160264 
SE0017073448 
SE0012314896 
SE0021492550 
SE0019046574 
SE0021018371 
SE0022406252 
SE0022730263 
DK0063189329 
DK0063349030 
SE0021161031 
SE0015664511 
SE0005136850 
SE0012315513 
SE0010628065 
SE0018208753 
SE0022411955 
SE0022727459 
NO0013375063 
SE0023303417 
SE0021160181 
SE0020362028 
DK0061383577 
SE0016278907 
NO0012742735 
SE0018574287 
SE0022411419 
SE0022728291 
NO0013368506 
SE0023302096 
SE0021160421 
DK0062663555 
SE0016281083 
SE0017222656 
FI4000537329 
SE0021500030 
SE0022411070 
SE0022728812 
NO0013378661 
DK0063349709 
SE0021178381 
SE0020197820 
SE0014438487 
SE0011170737 
NO0013044370 
SE0018208670 
SE0022411054 
SE0022729844 
NO0013375295 
SE0023301601 
SE0021160413 
DK0061519303 
SE0016598270 
NO0011134199 
NO0013000281 
SE0018208530 
SE0022409850 
SE0022729935 
NO0013369850 
DK0063339668 
SE0021159803 
DK0061198405 
SE0018185167 
NO0010889165 
SE0020694487 
SE0018208225 
SE0022411799 
SE0022729554 
SE0023129481 
DK0063340831 
SE0021160272 
SE0021504248 
SE0019053224 
SE0019358029 
DK0061442415 
NO0013041913 
SE0022416202 
SE0022730479 
NO0013371898 
DK0063345558 
SE0021160967 
SE0015500129 
DK0062555660 
SE0020187961 
DK0062044228 
SE0018208464 
SE0022418844 
SE0022599676 
NO0013371070 
DK0063347414 
SE0021154390 
DK0061443066 
SE0021155520 
SE0011171446 
NO0012822859 
SE0018208480 
SE0022422572 
SE0022727814 
NO0013375006 
DK0063342456 
SE0021155173 
SE0015499108 
FI4000463054 
SE0021166600 
SE0019356908 
NO0013001412 
SE0022419271 
DK0063044433 
NO0013377697 
DK0063344239 
SE0021493202 
NO0012975525 
SE0013917424 
SE0020694453 
NO0010976491 
NO0010908098 
SE0022416566 
SE0022734265 
NO0013370015 
DK0063346010 
SE0021154044 
SE0015499116 
NO0013045153 
SE0015945720 
SE0021009263 
NO0013047480 
SE0022415899 
SE0022733713 
NO0013369777 
DK0063343850 
SE0021155496 
SE0018171563 
DK0061349552 
SE0017216468 
DK0061035458 
SE0019368358 
SE0022418687 
SE0022733481 
NO0013377820 
DK0063338504 
SE0021155579 
SE0018561169 
NO0013047787 
FI4000318787 
NO0012827007 
NO0012584905 
SE0022417655 
DK0063034046 
DK0063248000 
DK0063342373 
SE0021154085 
DK0061446911 
DK0061012168 
SE0014823357 
DK0062447504 
NO0012589284 
SE0022416483 
NO0013286708 
NO0013377713 
DK0063339825 
SE0021156429 
NO0010908130 
DK0061016821 
SE0019042482 
NO0012827049 
NO0012584954 
SE0022417994 
SE0022736260 
NO0013377838 
DK0063340088 
SE0021154838 
SE0021622768 
DK0061016748 
SE0014818654 
SE0021504693 
DK0062676375 
SE0022417143 
SE0022735452 
NO0013372888 
SE0023300066 
SE0021154382 
SE0005136819 
SE0016135719 
SE0015242136 
SE0019371634 
SE0019040684 
SE0022418323 
NO0013308700 
SE0023267299 
SE0023298831 
SE0021154465 
NO0010918345 
SE0021154853 
DK0062676888 
NO0012827932 
SE0018184533 
SE0022418604 
SE0022735932 
SE0023266564 
SE0023300033 
SE0021156494 
NO0010918550 
FI4000495908 
SE0020694602 
DK0061733060 
SE0021508298 
SE0022417226 
SE0022735684 
SE0023266325 
SE0023299839 
SE0021156015 
SE0019371717 
SE0019036492 
SE0015959846 
DK0062074563 
DK0061577699 
SE0022417069 
SE0022735346 
SE0023262316 
SE0023298732 
SE0021154077 
NO0010918881 
DK0062450136 
SE0010140574 
SE0020197945 
SE0018185480 
SE0022418448 
SE0022735510 
SE0023261847 
SE0023298765 
SE0021155561 
NO0010902281 
NO0010912868 
SE0016131650 
DK0062076931 
NO0011141814 
SE0022417911 
SE0022735841 
SE0023268651 
SE0023299540 
SE0021502689 
NO0013046367 
DK0061696275 
SE0021499977 
SE0007491899 
SE0018184467 
SE0022422606 
DK0063030648 
SE0023267471 
SE0023298930 
SE0021174315 
FI4000473764 
SE0021006467 
NO0010829211 
SE0019052895 
SE0018184905 
SE0022425880 
SE0022729372 
SE0023265731 
SE0023299631 
SE0021154374 
NO0010902638 
SE0011168566 
NO0010888548 
DK0062337325 
SE0018184343 
SE0022425294 
SE0022730081 
SE0023267398 
SE0023299482 
SE0021155231 
SE0019372368 
FI4000315965 
SE0016135636 
SE0019052903 
SE0018185456 
SE0022424479 
SE0022730545 
SE0023268602 
SE0023299292 
SE0021175445 
NO0010902604 
DK0061362571 
SE0020980662 
SE0020362101 
SE0018184400 
SE0022423646 
SE0022599460 
NO0013378554 
SE0023299920 
SE0021154457 
SE0016042220 
NO0012996802 
FI4000462940 
SE0021171741 
SE0016599633 
SE0022425377 
SE0022727715 
NO0013377564 
SE0023299078 
SE0021156007 
FI4000493069 
NO0010794118 
SE0011423854 
SE0019051913 
SE0019363862 
SE0022423729 
SE0022728481 
NO0013370981 
SE0023300058 
SE0021154069 
SE0021014776 
SE0009859952 
FI4000256433 
SE0019053182 
NO0013082453 
SE0022424883 
SE0022727350 
NO0013368761 
SE0023300223 
SE0021154499 
SE0015241757 
FI4000492798 
SE0014823597 
SE0014430682 
SE0017608086 
SE0022423992 
SE0022729463 
NO0013371260 
SE0023299789 
SE0021154028 
NO0011048902 
DK0061297496 
SE0019047481 
DK0062338216 
NO0013045898 
SE0022426102 
SE0022727517 
NO0013371393 
SE0023298724 
SE0021174331 
NO0013042283 
NO0012826975 
DK0062389474 
SE0018574451 
NO0012541459 
SE0022425807 
SE0022728499 
NO0013349407 
NO0013396747 
SE0021156569 
NO0010902539 
SE0010128694 
DK0061063583 
SE0021620788 
DK0062356119 
SE0022426359 
SE0022727806 
NO0013375550 
DK0063316450 
DK0062645495 
SE0015945613 
NO0012911819 
SE0014823498 
SE0018574303 
NO0012541558 
SE0022425542 
SE0022727368 
NO0013378315 
SE0023285291 
SE0021154366 
SE0015945696 
SE0011170471 
NO0010794829 
DK0061205630 
SE0017608375 
SE0022426557 
SE0022730487 
NO0013375659 
SE0023291844 
NO0013122747 
NO0010902661 
SE0021616737 
NO0010898737 
SE0012958262 
NO0012541319 
SE0022424636 
SE0022729596 
NO0013378752 
DK0063317771 
SE0021175452 
NO0010902992 
FI4000316054 
DK0061610060 
SE0018574352 
DK0061174141 
SE0022423836 
SE0022728820 
NO0013348250 
DK0063320809 
SE0021154440 
NO0010902554 
DK0060997427 
SE0012958064 
SE0018574386 
SE0019047879 
SE0022424305 
SE0022728564 
NO0013374942 
DK0063320056 
SE0021155991 
NO0011141822 
SE0020696441 
SE0020978690 
SE0018574311 
DK0062387262 
SE0022414652 
SE0022730453 
NO0013371419 
SE0023134838 
SE0021154051 
NO0010897010 
SE0017202609 
SE0014812004 
SE0021160280 
SE0017608078 
SE0022412938 
SE0022728044 
NO0013372623 
SE0023284732 
SE0021156072 
NO0010896335 
FI4000316419 
DK0062442703 
NO0010824774 
SE0015945332 
SE0022413712 
SE0022599908 
NO0013372250 
DK0063320486 
SE0021174778 
SE0020361442 
SE0021004918 
SE0013252020 
SE0010140236 
NO0012541434 
SE0022414249 
SE0022728465 
SE0023265079 
SE0023291364 
SE0021174356 
DK0061365160 
SE0017221997 
DK0061301355 
DK0062009312 
SE0020198232 
SE0022413340 
SE0022728895 
SE0023267406 
SE0023291802 
SE0021175270 
SE0021504792 
NO0012452681 
DK0062387775 
NO0012729096 
NO0010896673 
SE0022412706 
SE0022727855 
SE0023265665 
SE0023283916 
DK0062521761 
SE0017213218 
SE0009860067 
NO0010888001 
SE0018577280 
SE0021741477 
SE0022414322 
SE0022729711 
SE0023264874 
DK0063319124 
SE0021159654 
DK0061366564 
SE0021151537 
SE0020697464 
NO0012823816 
SE0021739745 
SE0022415469 
SE0022599593 
SE0023263975 
SE0023303060 
SE0021160587 
NO0012996984 
NO0010792245 
SE0013927134 
NO0012729062 
SE0019022906 
SE0022414819 
SE0022729950 
SE0023266242 
SE0023301122

--- Page 192 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 192 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021160736 
DK0061573946 
SE0011423441 
NO0010912983 
SE0021616406 
SE0020697357 
SE0022414058 
NO0013286286 
SE0023266671 
SE0023301957 
SE0021159563 
SE0020695732 
NO0010899305 
FI4000318613 
NO0012727272 
DK0061498474 
SE0022413266 
NO0013308064 
SE0023266390 
SE0023302294 
SE0021159787 
NO0010908445 
SE0009980493 
SE0021511185 
SE0019046533 
DK0061876927 
SE0022415006 
NO0013308643 
SE0023267562 
SE0023301841 
NO0013130427 
SE0019910225 
SE0021618766 
SE0009859945 
NO0010906175 
DK0061943388 
SE0022414132 
SE0022735965 
SE0023265319 
SE0023303326 
SE0021159647 
SE0018567265 
DK0060996536 
FI4000318548 
SE0019046616 
NO0012762956 
SE0022413381 
SE0022735361 
SE0023264700 
SE0023303482 
SE0021161122 
FI4000493002 
SE0016278477 
SE0020682151 
SE0013929379 
DK0062046512 
SE0022414397 
DK0063045323 
SE0023265970 
SE0023303318 
SE0021161007 
DK0061365673 
DK0061596137 
SE0011423516 
SE0019046418 
SE0018564452 
SE0022413654 
SE0022735338 
SE0023265822 
DK0063343181 
DK0062530085 
NO0010908148 
FI4000346382 
DK0061331345 
SE0019371741 
FI4000431937 
SE0022415527 
SE0022735833 
SE0023264429 
DK0063338850 
SE0021160116 
DK0061364866 
NO0010900384 
NO0010955990 
SE0009860265 
SE0015668884 
SE0022413753 
SE0022736385 
SE0023264502 
DK0063347844 
SE0021501723 
DK0060992899 
FI4000456843 
SE0011168582 
SE0020201556 
SE0019360397 
SE0022422234 
SE0022735528 
NO0013378364 
NO0013394767 
SE0021160595 
SE0016042246 
SE0018564544 
SE0018178436 
SE0019057191 
SE0018567315 
SE0022415162 
SE0022735908 
NO0013370023 
DK0063347091 
SE0021160231 
SE0015669163 
NO0010898257 
SE0019038266 
SE0019056854 
SE0018565392 
SE0022413076 
DK0063045596 
NO0013376350 
DK0063339312 
SE0021159571 
DK0061441441 
FI4000433149 
FI4000463047 
SE0019057183 
DK0062648242 
SE0022411914 
DK0063031109 
NO0013369942 
DK0063342969 
SE0021160660 
DK0061590015 
SE0014823225 
DK0060891869 
SE0021624145 
SE0018565764 
SE0022409819 
DK0063031299 
NO0013377101 
DK0063340914 
SE0021161130 
SE0015668850 
SE0011169077 
SE0016041446 
FI4000473657 
DK0062082079 
SE0022410767 
DK0063031612 
NO0013375303 
DK0063347760 
SE0021160769 
SE0018566788 
FI4000316690 
NO0010796998 
NO0010908643 
SE0018184293 
SE0022412201 
SE0022730206 
NO0013372995 
NO0013396663 
SE0021159852 
SE0020980647 
SE0015667993 
SE0014814786 
NO0013153494 
SE0018584203 
SE0022411252 
SE0022599353 
NO0013378760 
DK0063344072 
SE0021160926 
SE0020695955 
SE0016597504 
NO0010918980 
SE0019897109 
SE0018582876 
SE0022410064 
SE0022729851 
NO0013368464 
DK0063346952 
SE0021159795 
FI4000442926 
SE0014820569 
NO0010900764 
SE0013251436 
SE0018583288 
SE0022410460 
SE0022729042 
NO0013376863 
DK0063340245 
SE0021160744 
SE0021008299 
NO0010902075 
SE0011170513 
SE0019359373 
SE0018559189 
SE0022409074 
SE0022727921 
NO0013378117 
DK0063338777 
SE0021160496 
SE0015242391 
DK0060958288 
NO0012999137 
SE0020361038 
DK0061873072 
SE0022411260 
SE0022728077 
NO0013374272 
DK0063346606 
SE0021160033 
SE0021161593 
FI4000316682 
SE0011170430 
SE0019368341 
SE0018583353 
SE0022410262 
SE0022730149 
NO0013369926 
DK0063343348 
SE0021161171 
DK0061875606 
SE0020992519 
NO0010884349 
DK0062088001 
SE0021001765 
SE0022406351 
SE0022729323 
NO0013369330 
DK0063341995 
SE0021159670 
SE0015941471 
SE0018577736 
NO0010900657 
SE0019366121 
SE0018582728 
SE0022409991 
SE0022727962 
NO0013369900 
DK0063338181 
SE0021732849 
SE0015242318 
FI4000475314 
SE0009859689 
SE0019368184 
SE0018583759 
SE0022411302 
SE0022727467 
NO0013369025 
DK0063342027 
SE0021160603 
NO0010914310 
NO0010904394 
SE0013934023 
DK0062059929 
SE0016280945 
SE0022409280 
SE0022728226 
NO0013369462 
SE0023299706 
SE0021160165 
SE0020698140 
DK0061594439 
NO0013089870 
SE0019368226 
SE0018583593 
SE0022408365 
SE0022728606 
NO0013377994 
SE0023299532 
SE0021498946 
DK0060611176 
SE0011168764 
SE0017200686 
SE0021503802 
SE0018565996 
SE0022405734 
SE0022728051 
NO0013372797 
SE0023299623 
NO0013130344 
DK0061445004 
SE0021179785 
NO0010906449 
DK0062058525 
NO0013044735 
SE0022410437 
SE0022729158 
NO0013370536 
SE0023298989 
SE0021161189 
SE0020375129 
SE0021160512 
SE0021013968 
NO0013001545 
SE0020387850 
SE0022416905 
SE0022728556 
NO0013376186 
SE0023299144 
SE0021160777 
DK0061441524 
SE0018549024 
DK0061214541 
DK0062058954 
NO0012728460 
SE0022416376 
SE0022728911 
SE0023263967 
SE0023299128 
SE0021161148 
SE0021012499 
NO0010899784 
SE0021008182 
SE0015669189 
DK0061825262 
SE0022416749 
SE0022730503 
SE0023266234 
SE0023299821 
SE0021175742 
SE0020978757 
SE0015225560 
DK0062227575 
SE0019052887 
SE0020183523 
SE0022416293 
SE0022729620 
SE0023266648 
SE0023299011 
SE0021155215 
NO0010896707 
SE0019061474 
SE0017568926 
DK0062435418 
DK0061819885 
SE0022422580 
SE0022727418 
SE0023264304 
SE0023300082 
SE0021154432 
SE0015242169 
SE0015485990 
SE0013915279 
DK0061441011 
SE0017099468 
SE0022416988 
SE0022599338 
SE0023264676 
SE0023299854 
DK0062678587 
SE0016279483 
SE0018586968 
SE0011170026 
SE0015945340 
SE0018185829 
SE0022415980 
SE0022599569 
SE0023265962 
SE0023299607 
SE0021155983 
SE0015497078 
DK0061482981 
DK0061307204 
SE0009861347 
SE0020382323 
SE0022417465 
SE0022729539 
SE0023265301 
SE0023298955 
SE0021155538 
DK0061977873 
DK0061200169 
SE0015496633 
SE0021171774 
SE0020198414 
SE0022417663 
SE0022599627 
SE0023265012 
SE0023299656 
SE0021175296 
NO0010918691 
DK0060844868 
SE0013934601 
SE0019069592 
SE0018184632 
SE0022416137 
SE0022730115 
SE0023265814 
SE0023300108 
SE0021174513 
SE0016136766 
SE0021160751 
NO0010825508 
DK0062000287 
DK0060964179 
SE0022419529 
SE0022728960 
SE0023265137 
SE0023298864 
SE0021154879 
SE0015498423 
FI4000447297 
SE0014444105 
NO0012759119 
SE0018185514 
SE0022416467 
SE0022729026 
SE0023266333 
SE0023298922 
SE0021155611 
DK0062384913 
SE0013920634 
DK0061581022 
SE0019022997 
SE0018185068 
SE0022418539 
SE0022732392 
SE0023264411 
SE0023291786 
SE0021154796 
DK0061170230 
SE0009860356 
NO0010905235 
NO0010903008 
SE0018538316 
SE0022418000 
NO0013308460 
SE0023264098 
SE0023291497 
SE0021156452 
NO0012826918 
DK0060632172 
DK0061499795 
NO0010902323 
SE0011168905 
SE0022418612 
NO0013286476 
SE0023263702 
SE0023134820 
SE0021155975 
SE0016039465 
SE0020696003 
DK0061616851 
SE0020188571 
SE0018184822 
SE0022417234 
DK0063021571 
SE0023265988 
NO0013396689 
SE0021174703 
SE0020187805 
SE0015947122 
NO0010901390 
SE0019023052 
NO0010902711 
SE0022417077 
SE0022596102 
SE0023264957 
SE0023291414 
SE0021156536 
FI4000316187 
SE0020979995 
NO0010824626 
SE0017223597 
SE0018184574 
SE0022425468 
SE0022596466 
SE0023263678 
SE0023291968 
SE0021156056 
NO0010919004 
DK0061656568 
DK0060836849 
SE0019053513 
SE0020696201 
SE0022426409 
SE0022732699 
SE0023267331 
SE0023291398 
SE0021173796 
SE0015226766 
SE0009860406 
DK0061764610 
NO0012543836 
DK0062048724 
SE0022423653 
DK0063032859 
NO0013372870 
SE0023291596 
SE0021174224 
NO0010909757 
SE0009860422 
DK0061169810 
NO0010904444 
SE0019067752 
SE0022426151 
DK0063032776 
NO0013374660 
SE0023291794 
SE0021155603 
NO0010898224 
NO0011165177 
SE0019051012 
SE0019058678 
SE0018185431 
SE0022425815 
SE0022599932 
SE0023129986 
DK0063329438 
SE0021154416 
SE0019359894 
SE0017076391 
DK0061174307 
SE0017612633 
SE0021738879 
SE0022424545 
SE0022728242 
NO0013371773 
SE0023286307

--- Page 193 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 193 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021155199 
SE0015490768 
SE0017192636 
SE0013918018 
NO0012997404 
SE0021007085 
SE0022425658 
SE0022727822 
NO0013374223 
DK0063349899 
SE0021490562 
FI4000424106 
FI4000043039 
FI4000231113 
DK0062226171 
NO0010794316 
SE0022425559 
SE0022599668 
NO0013376988 
SE0023301163 
SE0021155512 
DK0061443306 
SE0015667795 
SE0013920238 
SE0009860141 
SE0018565103 
SE0022423240 
SE0022729943 
NO0013370296 
SE0023302641 
SE0021156445 
NO0010918386 
DK0061500717 
SE0017073414 
SE0017612153 
SE0019046525 
SE0022425062 
SE0022728523 
NO0013369991 
SE0023302500 
SE0021174562 
SE0021502937 
DK0061494994 
SE0012958320 
SE0017612450 
SE0019367657 
SE0022424701 
SE0022730248 
NO0013370379 
DK0063347257 
SE0021155595 
SE0020363158 
SE0021016227 
SE0011418128 
SE0019893595 
DK0061006434 
SE0022426565 
SE0022729901 
NO0013376228 
DK0063348065 
SE0021154101 
NO0010897721 
SE0016280663 
SE0017223399 
SE0017612567 
SE0018565434 
SE0022424628 
SE0022729687 
NO0013372557 
DK0063346879 
SE0021155181 
DK0060845915 
SE0021510609 
DK0062670170 
SE0017612724 
SE0021151594 
SE0022426441 
SE0022730727 
NO0013369751 
DK0063344742 
NO0013086348 
NO0010898166 
DK0061496346 
SE0014438511 
DK0061787314 
SE0017596281 
SE0022424297 
SE0022599940 
NO0013370437 
DK0063345715 
SE0021506409 
NO0010897606 
DK0061496775 
FI4000439013 
SE0019046855 
SE0017596240 
SE0022425310 
SE0022729497 
NO0013372987 
DK0063347174 
NO0013088526 
NO0010897812 
SE0009861693 
SE0013931953 
SE0015495452 
SE0017596042 
SE0022423661 
SE0022729547 
NO0013378539 
DK0063346366 
DK0062518544 
NO0010898158 
SE0020363208 
SE0021160009 
DK0062178695 
FI4000538251 
SE0022413936 
SE0022729364 
NO0013372953 
DK0063341805 
DK0062515797 
NO0013045690 
DK0061502689 
SE0015241831 
NO0012744087 
SE0017596000 
SE0022414215 
SE0022728473 
NO0013372375 
DK0063344312 
SE0021506920 
NO0010897218 
NO0010902943 
SE0018569063 
DK0062408019 
SE0017596174 
SE0022412524 
SE0022728515 
NO0013371237 
NO0013398909 
SE0021156510 
NO0010897002 
DK0061502093 
NO0010906696 
NO0012743972 
SE0017596257 
SE0022414694 
SE0022728416 
NO0013375980 
DK0063341649 
SE0021156437 
DK0062645222 
DK0061497666 
SE0015233507 
NO0012743949 
SE0021499084 
SE0022412904 
SE0022728846 
NO0013370577 
DK0063343934 
SE0021154473 
SE0021507399 
DK0060846137 
SE0013933413 
NO0012744624 
SE0021151347 
SE0022415428 
SE0022728994 
NO0013377374 
NO0013399907 
SE0021151354 
FI4000493200 
SE0016047930 
FI4000316104 
SE0015945324 
DK0061005972 
SE0022414926 
SE0022730420 
NO0013375808 
NO0013395178 
SE0021151602 
NO0010897093 
SE0020979722 
SE0017076615 
SE0011170042 
DK0061953932 
SE0022422226 
SE0022728010 
NO0013374710 
DK0063341722 
SE0021152501 
SE0014823449 
NO0010897655 
SE0021507332 
DK0062081261 
DK0060940906 
SE0022412540 
SE0022727491 
SE0023265533 
SE0023299946 
SE0021156486 
NO0010897374 
SE0019037458 
DK0061496692 
DK0062034344 
SE0016280648 
SE0022413233 
SE0022728002 
SE0023264379 
SE0023299136 
SE0021153483 
NO0010897044 
DK0061499522 
SE0013933306 
SE0021622453 
SE0017596091 
SE0022413134 
SE0022730693 
SE0023265384 
SE0023300074 
SE0021617073 
SE0019067174 
SE0017222144 
SE0009980501 
NO0013046839 
SE0017595853 
SE0022414207 
SE0022727475 
SE0023264353 
SE0023298849 
SE0021152741 
NO0010896970 
SE0021154036 
SE0019042649 
SE0017607633 
SE0018584195 
SE0022414553 
SE0022727707 
SE0023267067 
SE0023300249 
SE0021152337 
SE0018185795 
SE0019046368 
DK0060891513 
NO0012762303 
SE0018563975 
SE0022413498 
SE0022731162 
SE0023263686 
SE0023298740 
SE0021152162 
NO0010906647 
FI4000042825 
DK0061003175 
SE0017568819 
NO0012726217 
SE0022414272 
NO0013308114 
SE0023265764 
SE0023299599 
SE0021153145 
NO0010906514 
DK0061009453 
NO0010794779 
NO0010898208 
NO0013044883 
SE0022413407 
NO0013286427 
SE0023263868 
SE0023298856 
SE0021152493 
SE0015669254 
DK0060611689 
NO0010918394 
FI4000255344 
NO0012726456 
SE0022414330 
DK0063024674 
SE0023266911 
SE0023299870 
SE0021152980 
SE0020384659 
SE0015670245 
SE0011761741 
DK0062057394 
NO0012726365 
SE0022413464 
DK0063023270 
SE0023264023 
SE0023299912 
SE0021152485 
SE0015669213 
SE0021156502 
SE0015958210 
DK0062056909 
SE0021624087 
SE0022414348 
DK0063024757 
SE0023264940 
SE0023299995 
SE0021151586 
DK0061171048 
DK0060872646 
DK0062196911 
SE0020983831 
NO0012726084 
SE0022413662 
DK0063026299 
SE0023266465 
SE0023299227 
SE0021152329 
SE0015669239 
SE0015498159 
SE0018202483 
SE0019046350 
NO0012726142 
SE0022410528 
SE0022736294 
NO0013376830 
SE0023300363 
SE0021151339 
DK0061362738 
DK0061698800 
NO0010897127 
DK0061454188 
NO0012726274 
SE0022407458 
NO0013308668 
NO0013377275 
SE0023286190 
SE0021153871 
DK0061002870 
NO0011134207 
SE0011171230 
SE0021013786 
DK0062586038 
SE0022410981 
NO0013286724 
DK0063250923 
SE0023286141 
SE0021152725 
SE0015667738 
DK0060920395 
SE0014432159 
SE0019046053 
NO0012726324 
SE0022409041 
SE0022735874 
NO0013377408 
DK0063318662 
SE0021152311 
SE0019068925 
SE0020378842 
SE0010979120 
SE0019046624 
NO0012726175 
SE0022409306 
SE0022735353 
NO0013373431 
NO0013396440 
SE0021151321 
SE0015667464 
NO0010796097 
DK0062291746 
SE0019374646 
SE0016837116 
SE0022407144 
SE0022735502 
SE0023133616 
SE0023283866 
SE0021180262 
SE0020188944 
SE0020980985 
NO0010976780 
SE0019046111 
SE0019371501 
SE0022409058 
SE0022735858 
SE0023264908 
SE0023291554 
SE0021152147 
SE0015667951 
SE0009979354 
NO0010900673 
SE0019045949 
NO0012726118 
SE0022409223 
SE0022736088 
SE0023264007 
SE0023286091 
SE0021151974 
SE0019361320 
NO0013045989 
SE0014440970 
SE0019046277 
NO0012909409 
SE0022406971 
SE0022730396 
SE0023266283 
SE0023284096 
SE0021151560 
DK0061498557 
SE0021008257 
SE0015486071 
SE0019046426 
NO0012726134 
SE0022410585 
SE0022599643 
SE0023264031 
SE0023291539 
SE0021152717 
NO0010903735 
SE0016280622 
SE0017102601 
NO0010901663 
NO0012657727 
SE0022410742 
SE0022728887 
SE0023264783 
SE0023291893 
SE0021152303 
SE0015485818 
SE0018205635 
DK0061169067 
DK0061702776 
SE0020978906 
SE0022409322 
SE0022727905 
SE0023267422 
SE0023285101 
SE0021152709 
DK0061042587 
SE0016838577 
DK0061933231 
DK0061192473 
NO0012658089 
SE0022406260 
SE0022730792 
SE0023264494 
SE0023291240 
SE0021152956 
SE0018563066 
FI4000316963 
SE0017215965 
NO0010792641 
SE0020184737 
SE0022410296 
SE0022727400 
SE0023265194 
NO0013394833 
DK0062674164 
DK0061235629 
DK0062665337 
SE0015236187 
NO0010847619 
NO0012657578 
SE0022408423 
SE0022730495 
SE0023264593 
DK0063316104 
SE0021151966 
SE0015242326 
SE0017584337 
DK0060701910 
SE0019023185 
DK0062679718 
SE0022411518 
SE0022729752 
SE0023265186 
DK0063314919 
SE0021153681 
SE0020378362 
SE0011169697 
SE0011168533 
SE0021622206 
SE0014447017 
SE0022406773 
SE0022727483 
SE0023263629 
SE0023303383 
NO0013085944 
FI4000493366 
SE0009861149 
SE0013920105 
NO0010902653 
NO0012657487 
SE0022416228 
SE0022730164 
SE0023264833 
DK0063348222 
SE0021623287 
SE0015242417 
FI4000252838 
NO0010897283 
SE0019892449 
DK0061888427 
SE0022415915 
SE0022729117 
SE0023264403 
SE0023301742 
NO0013087825 
NO0010976376 
SE0020383867 
SE0011168483 
SE0011171131 
SE0016842637 
SE0022418372 
SE0022599361 
SE0023265418 
SE0023303037 
NO0013085845 
SE0021505591 
SE0011422898 
SE0019041054 
SE0019036922 
DK0062512182 
SE0022418232 
SE0022729414 
SE0023266846 
SE0023302609

--- Page 194 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 194 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0013086009 
NO0013047506 
NO0010928575 
SE0011168434 
NO0013158006 
SE0015951355 
SE0022417473 
SE0022729638 
SE0023263736 
SE0023303409 
NO0013088013 
SE0020978385 
DK0062335709 
SE0011169150 
SE0014440913 
SE0018567323 
SE0022418091 
SE0022729034 
SE0023265020 
SE0023300983 
SE0021171501 
NO0013045104 
SE0018554008 
DK0062432316 
SE0018583916 
SE0018203259 
SE0022417242 
SE0022729570 
SE0023267364 
SE0023302989 
SE0021169786 
SE0014823571 
FI4000037007 
NO0010897549 
SE0019036930 
SE0021739489 
SE0022416475 
SE0022599973 
NO0013378208 
SE0023302849 
SE0021151941 
NO0013002311 
SE0019067513 
DK0061307394 
NO0010898216 
SE0021740008 
SE0022416392 
SE0022729984 
NO0013368225 
SE0023301197 
SE0021152923 
SE0020199958 
NO0010957517 
NO0010794738 
NO0010976418 
SE0021739349 
SE0022419115 
SE0022599601 
NO0013372409 
SE0023303474 
SE0021153178 
SE0015226733 
SE0014447090 
SE0015227640 
DK0062075537 
SE0017596109 
SE0022418950 
SE0022599650 
NO0013369629 
DK0063349469 
SE0021490570 
FI4000346275 
SE0014447066 
SE0021014321 
SE0021508330 
SE0021733219 
SE0022418463 
SE0022729661 
NO0013373027 
SE0023301106 
DK0062665170 
SE0017572662 
DK0062432589 
DK0061456639 
SE0012315190 
SE0016281091 
SE0022418166 
SE0022728317 
NO0013377960 
NO0013347948 
SE0021151776 
SE0020975951 
NO0010918998 
SE0014809349 
NO0012603192 
SE0017596190 
SE0022418240 
SE0022727392 
NO0013377184 
DK0063276480 
SE0021152519 
NO0012827155 
SE0016134175 
SE0010134569 
SE0012564821 
SE0017596232 
SE0022424867 
SE0022730073 
NO0013375816 
DK0063279310 
SE0021153491 
SE0018548679 
SE0017212178 
SE0009861412 
DK0061842788 
SE0018573628 
SE0022425740 
SE0022599411 
NO0013375261 
SE0023277785 
SE0021152915 
SE0015941430 
SE0019374703 
DK0061441607 
SE0021497179 
SE0015951934 
SE0022423562 
SE0022730230 
NO0013378257 
DK0063276720 
SE0021152758 
SE0021504354 
FI4000254420 
NO0010902877 
SE0017583651 
SE0017595952 
SE0022424016 
NO0013308361 
NO0013369132 
SE0023276993 
SE0021152345 
SE0016136378 
SE0020198661 
SE0013919990 
DK0062641585 
SE0020188902 
SE0022426573 
NO0013308171 
NO0013370148 
SE0023277413 
NO0013126334 
SE0021016763 
SE0012568129 
DK0061611704 
SE0016280531 
SE0018178675 
SE0022425070 
NO0013308403 
NO0013376913 
SE0023277868 
SE0021615887 
SE0015941422 
SE0016279640 
SE0019045170 
NO0012607268 
SE0021621992 
SE0022423851 
NO0013286401 
NO0013377762 
SE0023277207 
NO0013126409 
DK0061590791 
SE0015667779 
SE0021164084 
SE0013928256 
DK0061793635 
SE0022423935 
SE0022596318 
SE0023129630 
NO0013378166 
SE0021159241 
SE0020198992 
SE0016137186 
NO0010829484 
SE0019044488 
SE0019045238 
SE0022425666 
SE0022596474 
NO0013371567 
NO0013345587 
SE0021157963 
SE0015671854 
SE0016279459 
DK0061042314 
NO0010795115 
SE0017191935 
SE0022426490 
SE0022735759 
NO0013376277 
SE0023277173 
SE0021158722 
SE0016280721 
SE0019903634 
SE0014437042 
SE0019044496 
NO0012998097 
SE0022424990 
SE0022735817 
NO0013369447 
DK0063276050 
SE0021158813 
NO0010906464 
SE0013915261 
SE0013919388 
SE0019055914 
SE0013933421 
SE0022426458 
DK0063046487 
SE0023266754 
SE0023299250 
SE0021158201 
SE0017576176 
SE0013926342 
DK0061298700 
SE0021506201 
SE0019373242 
SE0022424289 
SE0022736377 
SE0023266572 
SE0023299193 
SE0021153657 
SE0019065087 
SE0014430963 
DK0062354924 
DK0060874345 
NO0012726266 
SE0022423679 
NO0013308684 
SE0023263876 
SE0023299862 
DK0062472379 
NO0010906415 
SE0018566754 
SE0013919370 
SE0019045196 
NO0012726423 
SE0022424917 
NO0013286682 
SE0023264668 
SE0023299029 
DK0062475471 
SE0019053455 
SE0020994648 
DK0061604923 
SE0019372871 
DK0061329877 
SE0022424859 
DK0063046131 
SE0023264528 
SE0023300165 
DK0062475638 
DK0061362498 
SE0009860315 
SE0012315497 
SE0019363896 
SE0021005253 
SE0022424024 
SE0022735916 
SE0023266663 
SE0023298773 
NO0013083758 
NO0010918535 
DK0062642476 
SE0017596216 
SE0014821278 
SE0017602063 
SE0022423596 
SE0022735544 
SE0023264049 
SE0023299151 
SE0021165396 
DK0061362811 
SE0021155967 
SE0015957162 
SE0013237047 
NO0013042515 
SE0022423869 
SE0022736567 
SE0023264791 
SE0023299664 
DK0062475984 
SE0020200459 
SE0011170000 
SE0012958924 
SE0019045907 
SE0017601974 
SE0022423943 
SE0022741104 
SE0023267836 
SE0023298872 
SE0021165404 
DK0061357811 
SE0019370313 
DK0061307477 
SE0019363672 
FI4000261631 
SE0022415048 
DK0063058490 
SE0023267190 
SE0023299516 
SE0021164951 
SE0015667498 
DK0060611093 
SE0019041112 
SE0020362051 
DK0061762671 
SE0022413001 
SE0022741948 
SE0023264601 
SE0023299326 
NO0013083782 
SE0021622263 
SE0015488812 
FI4000436118 
SE0020976355 
SE0020990240 
SE0022414595 
NO0013304493 
SE0023264486 
SE0023299342 
NO0013083964 
SE0017089527 
DK0060874428 
NO0010884257 
SE0018171480 
DK0061760469 
SE0022413795 
SE0022736625 
SE0023266218 
SE0023299953 
NO0013083360 
NO0010908510 
SE0015489356 
SE0019039611 
SE0019047184 
SE0018578072 
SE0022413613 
NO0013286815 
SE0023265509 
SE0023299110 
SE0021163771 
NO0010906613 
SE0015489117 
NO0012740317 
DK0062172573 
SE0021163094 
SE0022412680 
NO0013309070 
SE0023265343 
SE0023298781 
SE0021164126 
SE0019359340 
SE0015489372 
SE0015668041 
SE0019046210 
SE0013254448 
SE0022415402 
DK0063050679 
SE0023266036 
DK0063314752 
NO0013083386 
DK0061363892 
SE0015489208 
SE0014809331 
SE0019047465 
SE0017602139 
SE0022415196 
NO0013308817 
SE0023132923 
SE0023111653 
DK0062469078 
SE0019911983 
SE0021015229 
SE0015939129 
DK0062035663 
SE0013930211 
SE0022414603 
NO0013309047 
NO0013377580 
DK0063318159 
NO0013083428 
SE0016043947 
DK0061764297 
SE0013924701 
SE0019058702 
DK0061958063 
SE0022413118 
NO0013287169 
NO0013374249 
SE0023291547 
NO0013083378 
NO0010905953 
SE0015487921 
DK0062339107 
SE0019058538 
NO0012823899 
SE0022412813 
SE0022737417 
NO0013374611 
DK0063320726 
DK0062469235 
SE0015485917 
SE0015489109 
NO0012823436 
SE0021505963 
NO0012728296 
SE0022414611 
SE0022737409 
SE0023134069 
SE0023285051 
SE0021158060 
FI4000318480 
DK0061042231 
FI4000492863 
SE0015489133 
SE0018569824 
SE0022412854 
NO0013308858 
NO0013378570 
SE0023284633 
SE0021163961 
SE0015486022 
SE0021621521 
SE0013932340 
SE0011169838 
SE0018571226 
SE0022414298 
SE0022591574 
SE0023265624 
SE0023291919 
NO0013083402 
SE0021005766 
SE0015487624 
SE0013932332 
SE0014433140 
SE0018571598 
SE0022413027 
SE0022740189 
SE0023266978 
NO0013393652 
SE0021153517 
SE0015951702 
NO0013001313 
DK0062384830 
SE0019060096 
SE0018553497 
SE0022413092 
SE0022740270 
SE0023266267 
NO0013394809 
DK0062626198 
DK0061361680 
SE0015489190 
NO0010913122 
SE0019035585 
SE0019047457 
SE0022422333 
DK0063062336 
SE0023265350 
SE0023299284 
SE0021151958 
NO0013042499 
NO0013047837 
SE0014431649 
SE0019036484 
DK0061390275 
SE0022413415 
SE0022741377 
SE0023265715 
SE0023301429 
SE0021151545 
SE0016136147 
SE0015242433 
SE0013927050 
SE0016039713 
SE0018570590 
SE0022410270 
DK0063064118 
SE0023264692 
SE0023301676 
SE0021160876 
SE0015486006 
NO0010900756 
SE0015945779 
SE0019035031 
SE0010134734 
SE0022408555 
NO0013309468 
SE0023264114 
SE0023301379 
SE0021153673 
FI4000475322 
SE0015488929 
SE0013916392 
DK0061580131 
SE0018570764 
SE0022406393 
SE0022741286 
SE0023265103 
SE0023301510 
SE0021152683 
SE0013933983 
SE0021016813 
SE0015947254 
DK0062074480 
NO0012728155 
SE0022409454 
SE0022737094 
SE0023266176 
SE0023302419

--- Page 195 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 195 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021171709 
DK0062668273 
SE0015488648 
SE0016043251 
DK0061331188 
SE0020188878 
SE0022411823 
NO0013286971 
SE0023264841 
SE0023302872 
SE0021171790 
NO0012909383 
SE0010358887 
SE0009860059 
SE0011760412 
SE0019054586 
SE0022412144 
SE0022736898 
SE0023266358 
DK0063349543 
SE0021171782 
FI4000475306 
SE0009860554 
NO0010792666 
SE0019034067 
SE0021739778 
SE0022407243 
NO0013308775 
SE0023266622 
NO0013378679 
SE0021171600 
SE0009983430 
NO0012453523 
DK0061617743 
SE0019035544 
SE0021741360 
SE0022406997 
NO0013286765 
SE0023264635 
SE0023278445 
SE0021171758 
SE0020989267 
SE0021734316 
FI4000254073 
SE0019371782 
SE0021739497 
SE0022405817 
NO0013308742 
SE0023264205 
NO0013346916 
SE0021171675 
DK0062387502 
SE0018185217 
SE0018577454 
DK0062073912 
DK0061793395 
SE0022407185 
NO0013309039 
SE0023264544 
NO0013349696 
SE0021171683 
SE0019903758 
SE0020192029 
SE0019068149 
FI4000492871 
SE0019036518 
SE0022410700 
SE0022736666 
NO0013368662 
SE0023279476 
SE0021171766 
SE0015939079 
DK0061833282 
DK0061009883 
SE0019371485 
NO0012553348 
SE0022410833 
SE0022737912 
NO0013369876 
SE0023277835 
SE0021171816 
SE0021007861 
SE0015663232 
SE0018544397 
SE0019371527 
SE0018586273 
SE0022409066 
DK0063056361 
NO0013377366 
DK0063275839 
SE0021171691 
FI4000495973 
SE0015241922 
SE0015948229 
SE0018557878 
SE0015941927 
SE0022408407 
DK0063057922 
NO0013375345 
SE0023277611 
DK0062649216 
SE0011170828 
NO0012827874 
FI4000252465 
NO0012827866 
FI4000037080 
SE0022410320 
SE0022741393 
NO0013376368 
NO0013378778 
DK0062677696 
SE0016278766 
SE0021008000 
NO0010910938 
DK0061980158 
SE0019359159 
SE0022408399 
NO0013304550 
NO0013369140 
DK0063281563 
SE0021171550 
SE0019372343 
SE0009860497 
SE0013931037 
DK0061632973 
SE0018579872 
SE0022408571 
SE0022741252 
NO0013369892 
NO0013350421 
SE0021155504 
DK0061398682 
SE0020388221 
NO0010882186 
SE0018558876 
SE0018581035 
SE0022411575 
DK0063063656 
NO0013372813 
NO0013347211 
SE0021162179 
FI4000495981 
SE0019898636 
DK0062678744 
SE0018560476 
SE0021489762 
SE0022406369 
NO0013304501 
NO0013372326 
DK0063281217 
SE0021161668 
SE0017214406 
DK0060839355 
SE0009859580 
SE0013529567 
NO0010899370 
SE0022416004 
SE0022741955 
NO0013376046 
SE0023299441 
SE0021162526 
SE0018181919 
DK0060919033 
DK0061362308 
SE0018559809 
SE0019038258 
SE0022418794 
SE0022741443 
NO0013371138 
SE0023299979 
SE0021163615 
DK0061504974 
SE0011169861 
SE0011171107 
DK0061900149 
DK0062627675 
SE0022419305 
DK0063064704 
SE0023129424 
SE0023299060 
SE0021621778 
NO0010900921 
SE0015667282 
FI4000473798 
SE0018562183 
SE0018582124 
SE0022415840 
DK0063045752 
NO0013374074 
SE0023300132 
SE0021161502 
SE0014430260 
SE0013928249 
SE0019372798 
DK0062342168 
SE0018582306 
SE0022419461 
SE0022735403 
NO0013376426 
SE0023300157 
SE0021162567 
DK0061786506 
FI4000463013 
FI4000370176 
NO0012658337 
SE0020694495 
SE0022418109 
SE0022735478 
NO0013371823 
SE0023299847 
SE0021163623 
SE0015939095 
SE0021008190 
SE0018568701 
SE0021015278 
NO0010998644 
SE0022416079 
SE0022736211 
NO0013368415 
SE0023299052 
SE0021616232 
SE0011170166 
DK0061359866 
NO0010796329 
NO0010896269 
DK0061762754 
SE0022422432 
DK0063045679 
NO0013372268 
SE0023298948 
SE0021019916 
DK0061000668 
DK0061770930 
SE0021164027 
FI4000253364 
SE0015236245 
SE0022417689 
SE0022735890 
NO0013372045 
SE0023299359 
SE0021020062 
SE0016043962 
SE0017078421 
DK0061913209 
SE0018562654 
SE0017602014 
SE0022416152 
NO0013308650 
NO0013369645 
SE0023299904 
SE0021162286 
DK0061358546 
DK0061499282 
SE0015501531 
SE0018561847 
DK0061764370 
SE0022422473 
NO0013308635 
SE0023265111 
SE0023299573 
SE0021162963 
SE0021615978 
SE0015496666 
NO0011141772 
DK0061899705 
SE0013934205 
SE0022419453 
SE0022588034 
SE0023267042 
SE0023300173 
SE0021161890 
SE0014430666 
DK0060835288 
SE0021737392 
SE0019363623 
SE0016042147 
SE0022418638 
SE0022590626 
SE0023267182 
SE0023298823 
SE0021162260 
SE0017580863 
SE0014431409 
SE0010358796 
SE0019363664 
SE0018185316 
SE0022416426 
SE0022590279 
SE0023265475 
SE0023299490 
SE0021163466 
SE0018548752 
SE0014811998 
FI4000407234 
DK0062358404 
SE0018185126 
SE0022417259 
SE0022592069 
SE0023265087 
SE0023299318 
SE0021162302 
SE0016042238 
SE0012567873 
SE0021620432 
SE0019368333 
NO0010905888 
SE0022416319 
SE0022588232 
SE0023264296 
SE0023299425 
SE0021163474 
FI4000346317 
SE0015667522 
DK0061367885 
SE0017223407 
SE0018184681 
SE0022416103 
SE0022592861 
SE0023267810 
SE0023299987 
NO0013082537 
SE0015498993 
DK0061619012 
SE0014445458 
SE0019368283 
SE0019066861 
SE0022416509 
SE0022592507 
SE0023263835 
SE0023300199 
NO0013043638 
DK0060611846 
SE0011423680 
DK0060870277 
SE0021156049 
SE0018185290 
SE0022426052 
SE0022589297 
SE0023267026 
DK0063373337 
NO0013082891 
SE0011168756 
DK0061006277 
SE0016135933 
SE0019047176 
SE0021493236 
SE0022426466 
SE0022589099 
SE0023267166 
DK0063369657 
NO0013082727 
SE0015498886 
SE0021152121 
SE0013932399 
SE0019047226 
SE0018184756 
SE0022424271 
SE0022590477 
SE0023265954 
DK0063370077 
NO0013082693 
NO0010906712 
NO0010897630 
NO0010884273 
SE0019047523 
SE0018184459 
SE0022425971 
SE0022589057 
SE0023265582 
SE0023307137 
SE0021019171 
NO0010900434 
DK0061016904 
SE0011170661 
NO0012845165 
SE0018184335 
SE0022425005 
SE0022591517 
SE0023264932 
SE0023308077 
SE0021019213 
NO0010908577 
SE0013920287 
DK0060844199 
SE0019046731 
NO0012827262 
SE0022425336 
NO0013242362 
SE0023266424 
SE0023307731 
NO0013043430 
NO0012452921 
NO0013001339 
DK0061298890 
SE0018175226 
SE0018184962 
SE0022423687 
SE0022591012 
SE0023133624 
SE0023307491 
SE0021167400 
FI4000537402 
SE0015241740 
NO0010899271 
NO0010898984 
SE0017165723 
SE0022423588 
DK0063014014 
NO0013375758 
DK0063386313 
DK0062484549 
FI4000460704 
SE0015239884 
SE0019042904 
DK0061978335 
SE0018570095 
SE0022426391 
DK0063013719 
NO0013377846 
DK0063381785 
SE0021170933 
SE0018185704 
SE0020694354 
SE0013928082 
SE0021623097 
SE0018572190 
SE0022424842 
DK0063013123 
NO0013375154 
DK0063384961 
SE0021169299 
NO0010903677 
DK0061221918 
FI4000255245 
SE0019061896 
DK0061873668 
SE0022426318 
DK0063013552 
NO0013374280 
DK0063378484 
SE0021170974 
SE0021152691 
SE0013933918 
SE0015668926 
NO0012742917 
NO0011139594 
SE0022424594 
DK0063013636 
SE0023133889 
SE0023295118 
SE0021169398 
DK0061360286 
DK0061765690 
SE0018538183 
SE0019053125 
NO0012541400 
SE0022425096 
DK0063013479 
SE0023132915 
SE0023295944 
SE0021168358 
SE0015670799 
NO0010908924 
SE0011171792 
SE0019358862 
SE0015496476 
SE0022423877 
DK0063013396 
NO0013376434 
SE0023296538 
SE0021169851 
NO0010903685 
DK0062046009 
SE0021017415 
SE0019359365 
NO0012541475 
SE0022426060 
DK0063013206 
SE0023266317 
SE0023295241 
NO0013089813 
NO0010903511 
FI4000436159 
SE0018554354 
SE0019358938 
NO0010896475 
SE0022425682 
DK0063013040 
SE0023267851 
SE0023297007 
SE0021170073 
NO0010904147 
SE0015945837 
SE0012567907 
SE0019358920 
NO0012998014 
SE0022425427 
DK0063012828 
SE0023264361 
DK0063333463 
SE0021171006 
SE0020694438 
SE0017584733 
DK0062321162 
NO0013041889 
SE0018573388 
SE0022424347 
DK0063012901 
SE0023265152 
SE0023295761 
DK0062484465 
FI4000447305 
SE0019067265 
DK0060614436 
SE0015943774 
NO0012541392 
SE0022425500 
DK0063013982 
SE0023267075 
SE0023296645

--- Page 196 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 196 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0013084194 
DK0061443819 
SE0020697258 
DK0062675641 
SE0011168848 
SE0021740909 
SE0022415220 
SE0022741302 
SE0023267554 
SE0023296074 
NO0013084061 
SE0019909359 
FI4000253323 
SE0014430104 
SE0019049347 
SE0021739166 
SE0022412870 
DK0063060124 
SE0023264510 
SE0023296322 
NO0013083808 
NO0010908767 
DK0061322518 
SE0021016953 
DK0062333415 
SE0018583270 
SE0022414975 
SE0022741294 
SE0023266259 
SE0023295076 
SE0021159837 
DK0060835791 
DK0061255494 
NO0010901929 
DK0062047163 
DK0061874047 
SE0022414173 
SE0022742003 
SE0023264387 
SE0023295522 
SE0021502275 
SE0019047291 
FI4000470893 
SE0016283071 
NO0012911926 
SE0019066978 
SE0022413787 
SE0022741401 
SE0023267356 
SE0023295019 
SE0021018215 
SE0021493079 
SE0014818613 
SE0019905456 
DK0062075370 
SE0018584054 
SE0022414413 
SE0022741419 
SE0023265616 
SE0023294848 
DK0062455952 
SE0021171725 
SE0019903691 
NO0011141632 
SE0019371790 
SE0018582710 
SE0022414801 
SE0022735973 
SE0023268735 
SE0023297312 
SE0021017068 
NO0010896491 
SE0020377257 
SE0014430310 
DK0062074993 
SE0018559122 
SE0022413928 
SE0022735437 
SE0023265517 
SE0023296017 
DK0062457818 
NO0012999772 
SE0017089774 
SE0020380111 
DK0062076428 
SE0020979714 
SE0022414835 
SE0022735460 
SE0023265806 
NO0013400218 
SE0021017498 
SE0015496971 
SE0017223498 
NO0010898182 
SE0016136568 
SE0018582678 
SE0022415410 
NO0013286666 
SE0023266143 
DK0063336136 
SE0021017332 
SE0017580848 
SE0016042352 
SE0015485131 
SE0015496468 
SE0018566747 
SE0022413480 
SE0022735148 
SE0023262845 
SE0023295720 
SE0021017647 
SE0021616984 
NO0010976624 
DK0060876043 
SE0019371808 
SE0018566333 
SE0022415311 
SE0022735866 
SE0023262944 
DK0063332655 
SE0021018066 
NO0010908700 
SE0020362721 
SE0021009321 
SE0021014875 
DK0061878113 
SE0022413621 
SE0022735486 
NO0013369819 
SE0023304696 
SE0021017365 
SE0015487616 
NO0012828344 
SE0011171545 
SE0019371550 
SE0019066994 
SE0022414231 
NO0013286716 
NO0013369009 
SE0023306188 
SE0021017506 
SE0021164001 
NO0010899792 
SE0015224639 
SE0015667696 
SE0018566010 
SE0022415287 
SE0022590162 
NO0013370429 
SE0023305081 
SE0021018637 
SE0020980902 
DK0060612224 
DK0061037587 
SE0019371766 
SE0018564445 
SE0022414256 
SE0022589925 
NO0013371906 
SE0023306469 
SE0021017688 
SE0015236385 
SE0009859820 
SE0009859457 
SE0019371725 
SE0017197122 
SE0022414579 
SE0022593497 
NO0013371948 
SE0023305487 
SE0021506813 
SE0020197598 
SE0015497144 
SE0021008133 
SE0019051996 
SE0018566796 
SE0022414991 
SE0022590501 
NO0013375576 
SE0023305180 
SE0021017852 
SE0015667704 
SE0015667530 
SE0011171180 
DK0062625620 
SE0009981012 
SE0022412490 
SE0022592317 
NO0013377721 
SE0023304589 
DK0062649992 
DK0061516713 
SE0019055989 
SE0014447249 
SE0019051889 
SE0018565988 
SE0022414678 
SE0022590568 
NO0013370353 
SE0023307657 
SE0021017969 
NO0010957509 
NO0013001065 
SE0019062274 
DK0061950243 
SE0015667647 
SE0022406526 
SE0022588869 
NO0013376145 
DK0063375704 
SE0021017795 
SE0015242185 
FI4000462973 
SE0011171115 
DK0061589512 
SE0016279020 
SE0022410973 
SE0022591442 
NO0013371385 
DK0063373683 
SE0021017308 
SE0021624111 
SE0013531118 
SE0011171024 
NO0012608316 
SE0018566028 
SE0022410163 
SE0022589149 
NO0013377556 
SE0023307012 
SE0021017944 
DK0061514502 
SE0009979503 
DK0060890549 
SE0017182314 
SE0015485826 
SE0022411393 
SE0022593885 
NO0013369322 
DK0063378807 
SE0021017522 
NO0010956048 
SE0014430708 
SE0020199784 
SE0021179280 
SE0020362267 
SE0022412151 
SE0022591368 
NO0013368431 
DK0063381199 
SE0021017449 
NO0010955974 
SE0015952411 
NO0010902471 
SE0018563983 
SE0009860570 
SE0022406567 
SE0022590105 
NO0013369918 
SE0023308929 
SE0021017191 
SE0015669221 
SE0017215270 
SE0011170976 
SE0021499290 
DK0061824455 
SE0022411658 
SE0022590725 
NO0013369272 
NO0013395582 
SE0021017092 
SE0015236351 
DK0061890167 
SE0011170448 
SE0018561607 
DK0062637633 
SE0022411609 
SE0022590576 
NO0013378455 
NO0013395558 
SE0021017936 
NO0013082529 
NO0010898281 
SE0020198406 
SE0018577603 
NO0010795974 
SE0022409405 
SE0022590006 
NO0013371682 
NO0013400952 
DK0062456257 
DK0061518768 
DK0061978848 
SE0017570203 
NO0012729047 
SE0018582868 
SE0022406401 
SE0022589800 
NO0013374264 
NO0013397687 
SE0021017233 
NO0012541491 
DK0060678753 
SE0017595861 
SE0021503380 
FI4000252945 
SE0022409421 
SE0022592838 
NO0013370221 
SE0023297072 
DK0062468344 
SE0011169135 
DK0061441953 
SE0021623220 
SE0017595887 
FI4000445481 
SE0022411526 
NO0013307207 
NO0013376814 
SE0023295977 
SE0021163979 
DK0061519220 
DK0061107893 
SE0021502416 
SE0020361848 
SE0019051905 
SE0022410791 
SE0022591830 
NO0013371286 
SE0023296603 
SE0021164092 
SE0021153152 
NO0010906910 
SE0016843163 
NO0012729112 
SE0018566267 
SE0022410171 
SE0022737904 
NO0013375626 
SE0023296835 
SE0021616505 
SE0015497227 
SE0011170653 
SE0017196892 
SE0018577306 
FI4000537931 
SE0022406104 
SE0022737607 
NO0013376236 
SE0023296371 
DK0062469151 
SE0015497243 
FI4000493051 
SE0021000742 
SE0020694230 
NO0012872060 
SE0022411450 
SE0022737896 
SE0023132907 
SE0023295399 
DK0062468773 
SE0015497417 
SE0004580413 
SE0014432175 
SE0013930591 
SE0019032871 
SE0022418141 
DK0063058060 
NO0013378349 
NO0013399378 
NO0013083410 
NO0013089789 
SE0011752831 
FI4000463039 
SE0018577611 
NO0010896210 
SE0022418802 
SE0022741369 
NO0013373464 
SE0023296546 
SE0021164159 
FI4000536842 
NO0010901945 
NO0011141756 
SE0019045402 
SE0018584591 
SE0022415808 
DK0063064977 
DK0063256532 
NO0013397349 
NO0013083451 
SE0020363604 
NO0010792021 
DK0061157484 
DK0061623048 
SE0021505278 
SE0022418133 
SE0022741856 
NO0013375451 
SE0023296207 
SE0021163763 
SE0015498142 
SE0013928389 
SE0009859937 
SE0012957793 
NO0012541467 
SE0022416574 
SE0022741773 
DK0063258587 
SE0023296868 
SE0021492378 
SE0021616729 
SE0013927613 
SE0018553992 
NO0013047605 
FI4000418892 
SE0022416756 
SE0022741906 
NO0013374959 
DK0063334511 
SE0021510120 
DK0061001047 
DK0061764883 
DK0061001633 
SE0017589765 
NO0012541566 
SE0022418976 
NO0013304568 
SE0023134093 
SE0023295548 
SE0021619608 
SE0015497409 
NO0012997461 
NO0013046409 
SE0018577728 
SE0018184699 
SE0022417051 
SE0022741831 
SE0023134333 
SE0023295167 
SE0021016060 
SE0020199065 
SE0013927787 
SE0014447033 
SE0021506144 
NO0010899875 
SE0022416129 
DK0063046214 
NO0013378414 
SE0023295647 
SE0021015914 
SE0018586067 
SE0015667423 
SE0020694792 
SE0019363813 
SE0019368028 
SE0022417002 
NO0013308767 
DK0063250840 
DK0063334867 
SE0021016169 
DK0062113726 
SE0015487665 
SE0005471216 
DK0061940442 
SE0019367947 
SE0022417812 
NO0013309062 
NO0013374454 
DK0063332572 
SE0021014834 
SE0018208639 
SE0018577785 
SE0015497680 
SE0019050816 
SE0018185761 
SE0022416368 
NO0013309013 
SE0023134085 
SE0023305479 
SE0021015500 
NO0010918626 
DK0060843464 
DK0062061669 
SE0015236377 
SE0019046285 
SE0022416848 
NO0013242370 
SE0023264155 
SE0023306055 
SE0021015377 
SE0021002912 
SE0019370487 
SE0020381580 
SE0019047283 
SE0021511854 
SE0022416558 
SE0022592424 
SE0023264239 
SE0023306592 
SE0021015476 
NO0010918360 
SE0013923133 
DK0060610954 
DK0061939279 
SE0018184616 
SE0022416517 
SE0022589263 
SE0023265939 
SE0023306618 
SE0021502960 
SE0009979875 
SE0015952015 
DK0062081857 
NO0013046896 
DK0061364353 
SE0022418174 
SE0022587929 
SE0023266226 
SE0023306113

--- Page 197 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 197 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021014867 
NO0013001206 
FI4000316153 
SE0018185720 
SE0014826657 
NO0012827015 
SE0022418505 
SE0022589198 
SE0023266762 
SE0023286703 
NO0013047811 
DK0061789955 
SE0019039652 
DK0061002441 
NO0012997248 
DK0062671491 
SE0022418828 
SE0022587515 
SE0023264213 
SE0023307376 
SE0021015823 
SE0021018009 
NO0010792062 
DK0062230520 
SE0019046038 
SE0021739638 
SE0022422499 
SE0022590675 
SE0023266697 
SE0023307293 
SE0021015591 
SE0015952304 
SE0021505609 
SE0017076193 
DK0062414769 
SE0021741527 
SE0022426516 
SE0022586947 
SE0023266069 
SE0023307913 
SE0021015898 
SE0018548174 
NO0012765520 
SE0012567923 
NO0010899495 
SE0021740966 
SE0022426110 
SE0022587499 
SE0023263694 
NO0013397570 
SE0021015799 
DK0061556933 
DK0061368503 
NO0012845462 
SE0013930930 
NO0013126037 
SE0022425856 
SE0022586665 
SE0023265426 
SE0023441969 
SE0021015963 
NO0013123968 
DK0061376522 
DK0061199809 
SE0019062282 
SE0021759461 
SE0022426193 
SE0022591301 
SE0023264452 
SE0023442199 
SE0021014677 
SE0015958244 
SE0020361764 
FI4000447396 
FI4000252937 
DK0062738902 
SE0022424420 
SE0022591202 
SE0023266093 
NO0013394049 
SE0021015864 
NO0010902547 
SE0014813580 
SE0021732971 
DK0062047080 
SE0021763109 
SE0022424040 
SE0022588646 
SE0023267091 
NO0013395657 
SE0021015443 
FI4000317003 
FI4000462932 
SE0020696888 
NO0013158345 
SE0021749959 
SE0022423612 
SE0022588810 
SE0023267307 
SE0023442041 
SE0021015666 
NO0010902463 
DK0061388535 
SE0018586927 
FI4000253067 
SE0021753803 
SE0022425104 
SE0022737524 
SE0023261912 
NO0013397182 
DK0062463469 
SE0019050386 
SE0018562175 
SE0021500568 
SE0020188456 
SE0021749975 
SE0022425997 
DK0063054747 
SE0023263660 
NO0013400226 
NO0013083048 
SE0016042303 
SE0015670328 
NO0010791973 
DK0062230017 
SE0021753910 
SE0022425591 
SE0022737839 
SE0023267083 
NO0013396184 
DK0062462735 
NO0010902851 
DK0061359940 
SE0011169986 
SE0016136006 
NO0013206961 
SE0022424826 
SE0022737888 
NO0013372839 
NO0013399824 
SE0021616539 
NO0010899701 
SE0014821252 
DK0061037074 
DK0062060182 
SE0021758422 
SE0022423802 
SE0022739892 
NO0013371724 
SE0023442066 
NO0013043836 
NO0010901895 
NO0010976434 
SE0012567998 
NO0010928724 
NO0013206987 
SE0022425864 
SE0022738316 
NO0013377861 
SE0023294939 
DK0062463386 
SE0006341244 
NO0010976582 
SE0016135198 
SE0016047153 
SE0021762952 
SE0022425351 
SE0022740163 
NO0013376129 
SE0023296355 
SE0021019825 
SE0021163300 
SE0014821203 
DK0061002607 
DK0062045118 
NO0013206995 
SE0022423703 
SE0022742193 
NO0013376400 
SE0023295142 
SE0021163599 
NO0010902067 
SE0021506359 
SE0013934502 
DK0062059762 
SE0021763141 
SE0022424495 
SE0022741690 
NO0013370973 
SE0023296199 
SE0021162799 
NO0010908460 
NO0010976715 
SE0021511805 
NO0010904329 
SE0021763042 
SE0022412714 
SE0022742110 
NO0013370783 
SE0023295621 
SE0021624327 
SE0015497979 
SE0019066812 
SE0021017704 
FI4000253729 
DK0062750873 
SE0022414561 
SE0022742185 
NO0013378729 
SE0023296520 
SE0021162336 
NO0010908502 
SE0021499282 
SE0014821633 
SE0017590003 
SE0021763075 
SE0022412516 
SE0022741385 
NO0013373084 
SE0023294905 
SE0021161767 
SE0019036039 
SE0020977916 
SE0016137533 
SE0019370156 
SE0021762978 
SE0022413845 
SE0022741492 
NO0013374918 
SE0023295050 
SE0021162831 
DK0061364783 
NO0010976939 
DK0061211364 
SE0018538746 
DK0062750956 
SE0022414884 
NO0013309203 
NO0013371856 
SE0023296991 
SE0021161619 
DK0062674321 
NO0010977168 
NO0010897531 
NO0012740408 
SE0021763083 
SE0022413910 
NO0013309294 
NO0013372144 
DK0063333117 
SE0021162575 
DK0061368347 
DK0061701968 
SE0011169937 
SE0019053620 
SE0021763091 
SE0022414520 
SE0022736674 
NO0013374736 
SE0023295753 
SE0021162609 
SE0017076300 
SE0015233580 
NO0010889116 
DK0062226338 
SE0021763059 
SE0022413506 
SE0022737201 
NO0013370833 
DK0063334941 
NO0013154989 
SE0018572653 
DK0060996023 
SE0021504420 
DK0062081428 
SE0021762960 
SE0022415261 
NO0013308809 
SE0023129523 
SE0023296066 
SE0021015625 
SE0019046459 
DK0060977825 
SE0013920592 
FI4000537436 
SE0021753746 
SE0022413142 
NO0013308965 
NO0013369488 
SE0023295480 
SE0021014818 
NO0011165300 
SE0015225784 
SE0010350801 
NO0011132854 
SE0021762531 
SE0022414405 
DK0063047295 
DK0063247895 
SE0023296314 
SE0021015716 
SE0016598635 
SE0021159134 
NO0010889132 
NO0011132813 
SE0021762143 
SE0022412722 
SE0022588083 
NO0013373340 
SE0023294889 
SE0021015575 
DK0061498631 
SE0014433496 
NO0010889223 
SE0019053521 
SE0021762663 
SE0022415071 
SE0022589586 
NO0013377119 
SE0023296249 
SE0021015419 
FI4000462585 
SE0016279400 
SE0020362309 
NO0012608241 
SE0021762481 
SE0022412995 
SE0022591681 
NO0013376285 
SE0023296793 
SE0021508256 
SE0015225552 
DK0061391083 
NO0010796303 
DK0061950086 
SE0021762945 
SE0022413571 
NO0013242321 
SE0023133533 
SE0023294814 
SE0021015708 
SE0020382976 
SE0013923356 
SE0019374638 
NO0011132847 
SE0021763174 
SE0022413605 
SE0022593182 
NO0013375790 
SE0023295423 
SE0021015856 
DK0061038478 
DK0061932779 
NO0010899057 
SE0021002565 
SE0021762937 
SE0022414447 
SE0022590758 
SE0023132931 
SE0023297106 
SE0021014800 
SE0020366730 
NO0012726449 
DK0061300894 
SE0019053547 
SE0021763034 
SE0022415493 
SE0022590774 
NO0013377069 
SE0023305776 
SE0021016029 
NO0010909526 
NO0010918865 
SE0020377554 
NO0010900574 
SE0021763182 
SE0022410205 
SE0022586871 
SE0023132857 
SE0023305941 
SE0021014602 
DK0061620028 
SE0015945829 
SE0020685022 
FI4000492780 
NO0013206979 
SE0022411344 
SE0022592051 
SE0023133202 
SE0023305594 
NO0013157859 
SE0018204067 
SE0018176638 
SE0012957801 
SE0016278949 
SE0021763117 
SE0022406757 
SE0022592259 
NO0013375436 
DK0063370580 
SE0021016094 
SE0009860018 
SE0021733078 
SE0021508231 
SE0014445235 
SE0021768736 
SE0022408902 
SE0022590055 
NO0013375725 
NO0013394940 
SE0021014750 
SE0017196082 
SE0018569147 
NO0010909773 
NO0010847601 
SE0021754546 
SE0022411930 
SE0022589339 
NO0013346932 
NO0013394270 
NO0013130484 
SE0018539454 
SE0013529633 
DK0061037314 
DK0061933157 
SE0021753787 
SE0022411294 
SE0022587465 
SE0023134077 
SE0023308531 
SE0021014883 
SE0021501665 
DK0061255304 
SE0011169028 
SE0016279004 
SE0021753712 
SE0022408282 
SE0022587101 
NO0013375774 
NO0013395012 
SE0021017787 
DK0061443579 
SE0011753110 
DK0062660023 
SE0018573180 
NO0013125922 
SE0022411773 
NO0013309393 
SE0023133954 
NO0013396283 
SE0021160041 
SE0013920626 
FI4000492996 
SE0016040216 
SE0017613631 
NO0013157792 
SE0022406286 
SE0022739082 
NO0013377457 
NO0013394759 
SE0021017456 
DK0061444973 
NO0010957715 
SE0017582828 
SE0021153335 
NO0013206573 
SE0022406591 
SE0022741963 
SE0023134044 
NO0013395749 
SE0021017431 
SE0017572720 
SE0011168640 
SE0018184749 
SE0020185817 
NO0013125930 
SE0022411708 
DK0063064548 
NO0013375931 
SE0023442322 
SE0021017027 
SE0015242300 
FI4000254008 
SE0014435616 
SE0019064593 
NO0013157800 
SE0022410254 
NO0013304469 
DK0063256888 
NO0013394734 
NO0013083550 
DK0062473344 
DK0061185691 
SE0018548737 
NO0012553124 
NO0013206318 
SE0022409249 
DK0063063144 
SE0023133731 
SE0023441951 
SE0021493368 
SE0020979730 
DK0060844355 
SE0018169351 
SE0021017282 
NO0013090464 
SE0022409389 
SE0022741450 
NO0013375139 
NO0013394213 
DK0062457065 
NO0012874272 
SE0019035593 
SE0015951546 
SE0017613581 
NO0013126029 
SE0022406641 
SE0022594677 
SE0023133632 
NO0013398628

--- Page 198 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 198 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021017464 
DK0061445517 
FI4000318670 
DK0062618849 
SE0020377521 
NO0013090449 
SE0022408779 
SE0022594115 
DK0063249404 
NO0013393546 
SE0021017035 
SE0019067976 
SE0011171677 
SE0019903675 
SE0017614373 
NO0013157826 
SE0022419230 
SE0022594859 
NO0013377002 
SE0023442215 
SE0021017894 
SE0011169846 
SE0013251584 
FI4000473632 
SE0021019940 
NO0013125955 
SE0022419164 
SE0022594123 
SE0023262241 
SE0023295498 
SE0021017357 
NO0012726126 
SE0018571267 
DK0061447802 
SE0020694990 
SE0021760717 
SE0022416855 
SE0022590048 
SE0023262456 
SE0023295233 
SE0021732781 
DK0061442761 
DK0061012671 
NO0010906340 
SE0019067349 
SE0021768264 
SE0022418422 
SE0022590956 
SE0023262662 
DK0063336052 
SE0021017472 
NO0011100877 
FI4000430319 
DK0061330370 
DK0061977527 
SE0021767258 
SE0022417978 
SE0022588182 
SE0023265491 
SE0023295464 
SE0021017597 
SE0017221955 
SE0009860778 
NO0010828635 
SE0010629808 
SE0021768298 
SE0022416616 
SE0022588216 
SE0023261961 
SE0023296926 
SE0021017977 
SE0021155553 
FI4000248604 
DK0061504701 
SE0011423839 
SE0021769189 
SE0022417192 
SE0022588174 
NO0013370460 
SE0023295092 
SE0021016961 
SE0021620317 
SE0009859770 
DK0061002284 
SE0017599533 
SE0021768496 
SE0022416343 
SE0022589529 
SE0023134747 
SE0023295928 
DK0062459863 
NO0010918618 
SE0013255262 
DK0061759537 
SE0021001435 
SE0021769650 
SE0022417762 
SE0022591871 
SE0023134606 
SE0023295613 
SE0021018017 
DK0061498045 
DK0061364510 
NO0010900632 
NO0010847924 
SE0021767712 
SE0022418620 
SE0022588091 
SE0023265855 
SE0023296512 
SE0021017845 
NO0010918527 
DK0062075024 
DK0061001203 
DK0061978921 
SE0021768199 
SE0022417929 
SE0022592952 
SE0023267455 
SE0023294897 
SE0021016862 
NO0010918352 
DK0061015344 
NO0012845181 
NO0012482399 
NO0013200675 
SE0022416251 
SE0022587564 
SE0023266796 
SE0023296009 
SE0021016870 
SE0020198604 
DK0062113486 
DK0061356847 
SE0013933678 
SE0021769817 
SE0022416335 
SE0022588935 
SE0023263751 
SE0023296702 
SE0021016821 
NO0012759275 
SE0013250776 
DK0060920205 
DK0060966893 
SE0021768421 
SE0022416053 
SE0022590618 
SE0023266945 
SE0023296256 
DK0062439758 
NO0010918568 
DK0060873370 
SE0017073471 
DK0062060505 
SE0021754488 
SE0022419255 
SE0022593703 
SE0023266598 
SE0023295340 
DK0062443354 
SE0020363562 
SE0021008315 
SE0021623196 
DK0062061156 
NO0013158741 
SE0022418356 
SE0022588638 
SE0023264551 
SE0023295696 
DK0062445482 
NO0010918782 
SE0010628057 
DK0061495967 
SE0020691467 
NO0013125963 
SE0022417697 
SE0022587952 
SE0023265657 
SE0023296496 
DK0062439592 
SE0015242276 
DK0060885549 
SE0016136667 
SE0020378883 
NO0013090480 
SE0022417739 
SE0022739926 
SE0023268008 
DK0063334354 
SE0021505211 
SE0018583775 
SE0010627901 
SE0019051897 
NO0010977184 
NO0013090514 
SE0022424248 
SE0022740056 
SE0023264825 
SE0023295852 
DK0062443008 
SE0021618436 
SE0021504685 
NO0012823535 
FI4000059209 
NO0013158758 
SE0022426003 
SE0022740239 
SE0023263595 
SE0023295449 
DK0062445565 
FI4000456819 
SE0009861107 
SE0013934239 
DK0062058012 
NO0013157784 
SE0022425112 
SE0022597837 
NO0013375642 
SE0023296405 
SE0021164068 
SE0015496674 
NO0010904378 
SE0021003589 
NO0010955982 
DK0062718631 
SE0022426615 
SE0022598793 
NO0013374314 
SE0023294988 
SE0021164340 
SE0021620085 
SE0009982242 
SE0013934189 
DK0062057477 
DK0062718391 
SE0022424321 
SE0022598389 
NO0013371179 
SE0023306329 
DK0062468500 
SE0015941380 
SE0019036906 
SE0018555047 
SE0020187953 
DK0062718714 
SE0022425039 
SE0022597944 
NO0013374579 
SE0023305115 
SE0021164100 
NO0010901564 
SE0009859366 
DK0061216322 
DK0062046272 
DK0062718474 
SE0022424735 
SE0022598876 
NO0013369082 
SE0023306261 
SE0021014172 
NO0010901614 
SE0014432043 
SE0021623477 
SE0019045931 
SE0021760899 
SE0022424487 
SE0022598223 
NO0013373233 
SE0023306527 
SE0021014206 
NO0010902117 
SE0021617180 
NO0010898927 
DK0061444627 
SE0021760675 
SE0022425369 
SE0022596631 
NO0013375824 
SE0023306295 
SE0021013133 
SE0016043053 
DK0061896602 
DK0061216249 
SE0019046830 
SE0021761822 
SE0022423711 
SE0022597217 
NO0013375089 
SE0023304936 
SE0021013869 
SE0016796064 
SE0009859697 
SE0015945886 
SE0019046293 
SE0021760766 
SE0022424560 
SE0022598157 
NO0013374900 
SE0023306352 
SE0021014024 
DK0061162807 
SE0011170703 
SE0016136717 
SE0015242227 
SE0021760683 
SE0022426011 
SE0022596805 
NO0013346627 
SE0023305057 
DK0062448585 
SE0011752948 
NO0012608399 
DK0061216165 
SE0019047150 
SE0021760782 
SE0022425716 
SE0022596557 
NO0013376178 
SE0023304860 
DK0062441309 
SE0020994960 
SE0013933611 
SE0020979342 
SE0020695088 
SE0021753811 
SE0022425617 
SE0022597878 
NO0013375360 
SE0023305677 
DK0062439246 
SE0020698033 
SE0021156551 
FI4000493143 
SE0019046749 
SE0021753779 
SE0022423190 
SE0022597670 
NO0013377598 
NO0013396168 
SE0021014412 
NO0010899529 
SE0017216237 
DK0061367539 
SE0019047135 
NO0013158766 
SE0022425450 
SE0022597951 
NO0013376525 
NO0013398826 
SE0021014347 
NO0010896871 
DK0062657664 
DK0062671814 
SE0016136428 
NO0013090456 
SE0022414009 
SE0022598397 
NO0013372805 
NO0013397356 
SE0021013141 
SE0021622412 
SE0014437059 
NO0010883002 
SE0019047572 
NO0013158733 
SE0022412276 
SE0022597290 
NO0013373142 
SE0023308317 
SE0021014255 
NO0010897770 
NO0010902430 
DK0061356177 
SE0021015161 
NO0013157602 
SE0022413423 
SE0022598314 
NO0013369504 
NO0013399022 
SE0021622271 
NO0010899321 
DK0061300977 
SE0021622156 
SE0019025529 
NO0013090506 
SE0022415501 
SE0022598611 
NO0013376764 
NO0013394239 
SE0021014016 
NO0010897069 
SE0021503539 
NO0010901549 
SE0019366691 
DK0062718128 
SE0022415212 
SE0022598454 
NO0013368738 
NO0013396549 
NO0013047738 
NO0010899560 
SE0020199230 
SE0012958932 
SE0019046509 
DK0062718201 
SE0022413530 
SE0022599312 
SE0023129507 
SE0023308408 
DK0062440251 
DK0061450434 
SE0015490818 
DK0062288015 
SE0019025396 
DK0062718987 
SE0022415063 
SE0022597100 
NO0013375592 
NO0013396960 
SE0021013794 
DK0061480779 
NO0012975483 
SE0016280804 
DK0062204442 
DK0062719019 
SE0022415360 
SE0022598942 
NO0013371765 
NO0013400788 
SE0021013083 
FI4000253380 
DK0061576618 
SE0014820320 
SE0021499985 
SE0021761954 
SE0022414082 
SE0022596607 
NO0013376806 
NO0013396309 
DK0062441572 
SE0021009677 
SE0017594450 
SE0020976033 
SE0021732906 
SE0021762572 
SE0022412508 
SE0022597423 
DK0063251061 
NO0013394676 
DK0062448668 
NO0010898109 
SE0021493160 
SE0012315398 
NO0012763426 
DK0062751095 
SE0022413217 
SE0022594107 
DK0063258744 
NO0013395731 
DK0062446886 
SE0015668058 
SE0021008596 
SE0012959336 
SE0019036898 
SE0021760840 
SE0022414645 
SE0022594271 
NO0013377754 
SE0023442231 
NO0013042598 
SE0019366113 
DK0061481587 
FI4000365358 
SE0019036534 
SE0021760691 
SE0022415055 
SE0022590089 
SE0023134101 
SE0023442298 
DK0062448312 
SE0015667332 
NO0010791833 
NO0012998063 
SE0019037433 
SE0021760865 
SE0022412623 
SE0022589958 
SE0023264148 
SE0023441985 
SE0021152535 
SE0017086739 
DK0061481900 
SE0014810487 
SE0021508819 
SE0021753720 
SE0022415097 
SE0022592218 
SE0023267547 
NO0013397430 
SE0021013984 
NO0012999921 
SE0013928504 
NO0013045948 
SE0020201598 
SE0021756194 
SE0022413589 
SE0022593406 
SE0023266150 
SE0023297098 
SE0021013216 
SE0017075716 
DK0061480852 
NO0010976608 
SE0019047085 
SE0021756269 
SE0022411310 
SE0022591061 
SE0023265210 
SE0023295860

--- Page 199 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 199 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021014263 
SE0015667415 
SE0021621638 
SE0013932290 
SE0021616711 
DK0062721692 
SE0022409827 
SE0022588976 
SE0023265095 
SE0023296785 
SE0021013430 
SE0015667860 
SE0021616521 
DK0061198322 
SE0016137558 
SE0021756277 
SE0022411401 
SE0022590451 
SE0023268511 
DK0063333620 
SE0021013695 
SE0015667829 
DK0061375631 
SE0011171198 
SE0017615099 
DK0062720371 
SE0022411997 
SE0022587903 
SE0023264171 
SE0023295456 
SE0021013927 
SE0018548950 
NO0010914286 
FI4000493044 
SE0017615032 
NO0013125971 
SE0022408746 
SE0022593364 
SE0023267117 
SE0023296595 
SE0021013109 
DK0061500394 
SE0021504511 
SE0020188324 
SE0013924339 
NO0013090498 
SE0022411690 
SE0022593224 
SE0023266788 
NO0013393967 
NO0013047746 
SE0021623030 
NO0013045963 
FI4000460035 
SE0009979453 
NO0013206151 
SE0022408548 
SE0022589040 
SE0023262407 
SE0023295217 
DK0062440335 
SE0015667555 
DK0060978120 
DK0060890895 
SE0018199531 
NO0013206557 
SE0022410114 
SE0022593349 
SE0023265392 
SE0023295951 
SE0021013810 
SE0015667969 
SE0021017621 
DK0061615887 
SE0018200164 
SE0021760873 
SE0022410726 
SE0022738233 
SE0023267216 
SE0023295654 
DK0062447264 
SE0021733516 
DK0061495454 
DK0062653325 
SE0021488277 
SE0021760733 
SE0022406344 
SE0022739280 
SE0023118310 
SE0023295373 
DK0062448742 
SE0021154887 
SE0013256187 
DK0061391323 
SE0018199796 
SE0021760808 
SE0022410197 
SE0022740106 
SE0023264999 
SE0023297056 
NO0013042614 
SE0018573099 
DK0061496429 
DK0060836922 
SE0018201121 
SE0021760881 
SE0022410643 
SE0022740262 
SE0023264759 
DK0063333703 
DK0062442976 
DK0061447489 
NO0013047852 
DK0060890465 
SE0021624228 
SE0021761947 
SE0022408449 
SE0022739215 
SE0023267414 
DK0063335401 
SE0021015120 
SE0020362978 
SE0021009453 
SE0014821237 
SE0018199515 
SE0021760915 
SE0022410411 
SE0022598363 
SE0023264320 
SE0023296751 
SE0021013992 
DK0061444031 
DK0061502846 
DK0062045381 
SE0016136782 
SE0021760832 
SE0022406385 
SE0022598207 
SE0023264858 
SE0023296330 
SE0021013166 
SE0015242383 
SE0016137509 
SE0017073091 
SE0018201154 
DK0062721346 
SE0022412094 
SE0022596854 
SE0023262548 
SE0023295027 
SE0021014271 
DK0061329364 
DK0061502762 
SE0021000783 
SE0018200693 
SE0021756731 
SE0022411013 
SE0022599189 
SE0023265566 
SE0023295902 
SE0021014396 
SE0019372913 
SE0011170059 
DK0060925949 
SE0020385490 
DK0062721502 
SE0022410668 
SE0022598132 
SE0023263587 
SE0023305172 
NO0013042523 
DK0062373122 
NO0012726241 
SE0010358895 
DK0061853470 
NO0013125997 
SE0022405791 
SE0022599031 
SE0023266747 
SE0023304928 
DK0062446100 
SE0011423870 
DK0061497740 
NO0010847882 
DK0061010709 
NO0013126011 
SE0022415857 
SE0022598629 
SE0023266960 
SE0023305073 
SE0021012986 
DK0061695897 
DK0060839272 
SE0011169739 
NO0012452731 
NO0013126003 
SE0022416764 
SE0022596789 
SE0023263843 
NO0013396556 
NO0013042358 
NO0010918600 
SE0019043985 
SE0017222979 
NO0012762964 
NO0013125989 
SE0022418075 
SE0022597118 
SE0023266275 
NO0013398230 
SE0021015393 
FI4000047477 
DK0061499951 
SE0011169127 
NO0012762980 
NO0013206581 
SE0022419370 
SE0022597654 
SE0023265467 
SE0023308432 
SE0021016086 
SE0019911835 
SE0018583254 
SE0015241765 
NO0012763079 
NO0013090423 
SE0022418380 
SE0022598785 
SE0023266135 
NO0013396614 
SE0021015468 
SE0017215304 
SE0013933645 
SE0021733011 
NO0012765751 
NO0013158774 
SE0022418851 
SE0022596946 
SE0023129457 
SE0023308424 
SE0021015765 
NO0010908890 
DK0061329794 
SE0014448320 
DK0061360013 
SE0021760758 
SE0022419156 
SE0022598371 
NO0013371229 
NO0013394874 
SE0021015138 
SE0014810263 
SE0009860257 
SE0008403455 
SE0018538282 
SE0021760931 
SE0022418067 
SE0022597936 
NO0013374546 
SE0023308333 
SE0021015047 
SE0018569550 
SE0013930575 
DK0061329521 
SE0020201531 
SE0021760857 
SE0022417796 
SE0022598868 
NO0013368704 
SE0023442629 
DK0062672549 
NO0013001321 
DK0062660106 
DK0061207925 
NO0012762923 
SE0021760790 
SE0022417424 
SE0022596862 
NO0013378562 
SE0023442546 
SE0021016151 
NO0010794795 
SE0016839914 
DK0061388295 
NO0012762972 
SE0021760816 
SE0022417572 
SE0022598702 
NO0013371369 
SE0023443460 
SE0021014636 
NO0010909575 
DK0060920122 
DK0062575775 
NO0012826942 
SE0021756574 
SE0022419222 
SE0022599197 
NO0013378232 
SE0023443627 
SE0021015112 
SE0020695922 
SE0021006327 
SE0012960391 
DK0062044731 
DK0062717906 
SE0022418471 
SE0022598298 
NO0013374595 
SE0023442751 
SE0021015096 
SE0015941414 
SE0015945118 
SE0013929882 
DK0062044301 
DK0062722666 
SE0022418745 
SE0022599007 
NO0013370403 
SE0023442918 
SE0021015906 
DK0061902004 
DK0060940740 
SE0014823829 
NO0013000554 
DK0062722583 
SE0022415816 
SE0022598108 
NO0013369348 
SE0023443247 
SE0021014545 
NO0010908908 
SE0009979362 
DK0061493913 
SE0019050741 
NO0013206540 
SE0022417606 
SE0022597241 
NO0013375782 
SE0023443700 
SE0021015351 
DK0062362190 
SE0017214109 
NO0010794555 
SE0019048471 
NO0013090472 
SE0022416814 
SE0022597084 
NO0013373308 
SE0023443981 
SE0021015740 
SE0021733003 
SE0010358945 
SE0017575830 
SE0011423466 
NO0013206565 
SE0022425088 
SE0022596672 
NO0013376467 
SE0023443957 
SE0021016177 
NO0011134330 
NO0010825755 
DK0062675724 
SE0019049420 
NO0013206532 
SE0022424834 
SE0022596581 
NO0013371187 
SE0023296439 
SE0021014974 
NO0013154500 
FI4000492715 
SE0010982637 
SE0019050790 
SE0021750395 
SE0022423927 
SE0022597902 
NO0013375717 
SE0023294855 
SE0021015658 
SE0016788673 
DK0060996452 
DK0062075453 
SE0021620671 
NO0013157818 
SE0022424982 
SE0022596490 
NO0013370411 
SE0023294830 
NO0013047894 
SE0011170612 
SE0019051731 
SE0013918125 
SE0019050766 
DK0062608105 
SE0022423828 
SE0022598421 
NO0013376418 
SE0023297122 
SE0021015609 
SE0021013158 
DK0060835361 
SE0015947197 
SE0021502846 
NO0013125948 
SE0022425518 
SE0022598678 
NO0013372102 
NO0013401158 
DK0062450052 
SE0020362473 
DK0060883098 
SE0015242144 
NO0012742685 
SE0021760741 
SE0022424941 
SE0022594362 
NO0013375618 
SE0023296348 
SE0021015872 
NO0010896764 
NO0010794878 
NO0012823345 
SE0019063058 
SE0021761939 
SE0022425344 
SE0022594768 
NO0013378091 
DK0063334438 
NO0013042630 
NO0010896699 
SE0014448338 
DK0062637716 
SE0019036542 
SE0021760709 
SE0022423760 
SE0022591582 
NO0013377291 
SE0023296819 
SE0021015534 
NO0010896624 
SE0015951462 
SE0016791057 
SE0019065103 
SE0021760725 
SE0022424792 
SE0022590683 
NO0013377788 
SE0023295605 
SE0021016144 
SE0021161114 
FI4000495932 
FI4000473814 
DK0061994886 
SE0021760774 
SE0022425674 
SE0022588505 
NO0013374413 
SE0023295035 
SE0021014826 
SE0014810511 
DK0060992709 
SE0018585747 
DK0061993805 
SE0021760824 
SE0022425419 
SE0022592325 
DK0063249834 
SE0023296678 
SE0021016102 
SE0018560278 
NO0010791817 
SE0021503398 
SE0019066366 
SE0021761921 
SE0022425989 
SE0022593273 
SE0023266408 
SE0023295936 
SE0021015385 
SE0014826277 
SE0009860596 
NO0010896236 
SE0019066747 
SE0021763679 
SE0022424255 
SE0022593158 
SE0023264080 
SE0023295225 
SE0021015054 
DK0061360369 
DK0061002524 
NO0010792708 
FI4000252978 
NO0013159608 
SE0022425690 
SE0022587820 
SE0023266432 
NO0013401026 
SE0021015880 
NO0010906829 
DK0062121745 
NO0010888076 
SE0019035049 
DK0062720967 
SE0022426284 
SE0022590261 
SE0023267505 
SE0023296033 
NO0013042648 
SE0015497508 
SE0017075930 
SE0020697795 
SE0021156460 
DK0062721189 
SE0022414066 
SE0022587671 
SE0023265541 
SE0023294772

--- Page 200 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 200 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021015674 
SE0018560245 
SE0018583940 
SE0013929395 
DK0061895711 
DK0062718557 
SE0022414181 
SE0022587721 
SE0023266903 
SE0023296454 
SE0021015757 
NO0010906787 
NO0010900343 
SE0018185183 
SE0019036005 
DK0062722237 
SE0022413811 
SE0022592358 
SE0023267463 
SE0023295597 
SE0021015542 
DK0061515582 
NO0010976889 
SE0015943345 
SE0021502499 
DK0062720538 
SE0022415378 
SE0022592648 
SE0023264726 
SE0023295332 
SE0021014057 
DK0061438736 
DK0060667046 
SE0015941521 
SE0019035551 
DK0062717740 
SE0022412565 
SE0022592465 
SE0023267323 
SE0023306071 
DK0062440418 
SE0014826681 
SE0014437570 
SE0015951991 
NO0012541335 
NO0013159293 
SE0022412482 
SE0022589651 
SE0023267281 
SE0023305990 
NO0013047753 
DK0061008562 
DK0061010899 
SE0013923109 
SE0021621612 
NO0013159301 
SE0022413316 
SE0022593489 
SE0023265459 
SE0023306493 
SE0021013752 
SE0019058462 
SE0020366185 
DK0061159340 
SE0011170034 
SE0021753217 
SE0022412557 
SE0022740254 
SE0023265061 
SE0023305339 
SE0021013802 
FI4000493358 
NO0011141871 
SE0014449302 
SE0013930963 
DK0062710067 
SE0022412748 
SE0022740130 
SE0023266028 
SE0023305834 
DK0062441226 
DK0061356680 
NO0013042218 
SE0010980581 
DK0061904133 
DK0062726733 
SE0022412607 
SE0022740197 
SE0023263991 
SE0023304969 
DK0062448825 
SE0014823548 
FI4000256714 
DK0061013992 
SE0019039116 
NO0013207001 
SE0022413993 
SE0022739611 
SE0023265434 
SE0023306097 
SE0021488095 
NO0010918477 
SE0018587123 
DK0061595675 
DK0062321402 
DK0062726816 
SE0022412631 
SE0022739785 
SE0023266937 
SE0023306162 
SE0021014289 
SE0005039450 
SE0018587701 
NO0010889504 
DK0062076188 
DK0062612057 
SE0022413084 
SE0022740148 
SE0023264262 
SE0023305800 
SE0021013273 
SE0020201564 
DK0060837656 
SE0011168780 
SE0020377885 
SE0021763661 
SE0022413308 
SE0022598264 
SE0023266127 
SE0023305297 
SE0021013174 
FI4000475256 
SE0020198075 
DK0060830131 
DK0062075610 
DK0062611240 
SE0022413779 
SE0022597324 
NO0013371245 
NO0013395434 
DK0062446290 
SE0013529732 
SE0020198190 
SE0011170125 
NO0010895899 
DK0062612131 
SE0022414223 
SE0022596912 
NO0013373498 
NO0013396374 
SE0021014032 
SE0015484852 
DK0061482718 
SE0021002367 
SE0018201873 
NO0013159632 
SE0022415089 
SE0022598199 
NO0013370858 
NO0013395368 
SE0021012523 
SE0015484845 
SE0019361213 
NO0010903859 
SE0021489283 
DK0062611596 
SE0022415238 
SE0022598447 
NO0013374397 
NO0013393827 
SE0021011293 
NO0010902596 
SE0015490735 
DK0060882959 
SE0018546665 
NO0013159640 
SE0022413985 
SE0022598934 
NO0013372680 
SE0023308572 
DK0062456414 
SE0021502010 
SE0014440921 
SE0021505476 
SE0018201865 
SE0021763638 
SE0022413159 
SE0022597092 
NO0013371997 
SE0023308457 
SE0021012804 
DK0061450517 
DK0061481314 
DK0061874120 
SE0020695062 
SE0021763497 
SE0022414363 
SE0022597803 
NO0013375527 
NO0013393587 
SE0021013034 
SE0013918117 
DK0061480423 
DK0062449716 
SE0017213994 
SE0021757119 
SE0022409314 
SE0022598686 
NO0013368399 
NO0013396457 
NO0013047449 
NO0010794902 
SE0011760388 
SE0017198492 
SE0017568892 
DK0062720611 
SE0022406781 
SE0022596847 
NO0013372474 
SE0023308200 
SE0021009396 
SE0017215296 
SE0020976066 
SE0013932225 
SE0017166309 
SE0021756343 
SE0022411104 
SE0022597332 
NO0013377150 
SE0023442579 
NO0013086595 
DK0061454501 
DK0062046199 
FI4000437108 
SE0016135768 
DK0062717666 
SE0022411898 
SE0022598272 
SE0023131685 
SE0023442561 
SE0021015922 
DK0061457363 
NO0010976970 
FI4000436068 
DK0061897840 
DK0062719795 
SE0022411682 
SE0022598892 
NO0013378026 
SE0023443494 
SE0021016607 
SE0015225636 
NO0013046847 
SE0014430690 
NO0012826959 
DK0062722310 
SE0022411427 
SE0022597795 
NO0013376723 
SE0023442504 
DK0062440681 
SE0016136519 
SE0020198562 
SE0020359230 
DK0061896446 
SE0021753183 
SE0022409918 
SE0022598165 
SE0023131693 
SE0023442462 
SE0021013646 
SE0019047333 
SE0021017563 
DK0060885895 
NO0010914278 
SE0021753191 
SE0022407508 
SE0022598983 
NO0013369256 
SE0023443742 
SE0021014453 
NO0010900566 
SE0021013679 
SE0009860026 
DK0061897337 
SE0021763562 
SE0022411542 
SE0022597886 
NO0013374850 
SE0023296843 
SE0021159555 
SE0021015427 
SE0021007051 
SE0011168996 
SE0018563546 
SE0021763455 
SE0022408761 
SE0022597688 
NO0013368589 
SE0023296488 
NO0013047779 
SE0019046541 
SE0020688141 
SE0009860646 
SE0021489804 
SE0021763463 
SE0022414728 
SE0022598405 
NO0013378034 
SE0023295993 
DK0062440764 
SE0016135669 
SE0017165707 
SE0015236104 
DK0061895638 
SE0021763554 
SE0022413670 
SE0022597969 
NO0013374207 
SE0023296447 
DK0062448908 
SE0015945803 
SE0019367707 
DK0060877017 
SE0018561151 
SE0021763588 
SE0022413332 
SE0022596813 
NO0013373019 
DK0063335831 
SE0021014495 
SE0017570781 
SE0020362275 
DK0061497310 
SE0021622404 
NO0013207019 
SE0022413167 
SE0022598652 
NO0013372276 
SE0023296900 
SE0021013299 
SE0015945860 
SE0016137160 
SE0009860190 
SE0019368242 
SE0021763448 
SE0022414785 
SE0022597308 
NO0013373175 
SE0023294970 
SE0021014446 
SE0015667431 
SE0015489323 
DK0061036266 
SE0019368200 
NO0013159624 
SE0022414264 
SE0022598736 
NO0013374199 
SE0023295308 
NO0013042556 
SE0017073786 
NO0010906274 
NO0010906357 
SE0019368317 
SE0021763489 
SE0022412888 
SE0022596896 
NO0013369801 
SE0023297080 
DK0062442463 
SE0018565079 
DK0060967008 
NO0010998677 
NO0013044750 
NO0013159616 
SE0022413209 
SE0022598991 
NO0013373159 
SE0023296223 
SE0021014180 
SE0021016052 
SE0015489257 
SE0014430237 
SE0019041021 
DK0062722070 
SE0022418869 
SE0022597159 
NO0013372771 
SE0023296777 
SE0021013919 
FI4000493408 
SE0015668017 
SE0020385680 
SE0019367608 
SE0021756939 
SE0022418919 
SE0022594529 
NO0013373597 
DK0063333547 
SE0021013703 
SE0014440665 
SE0009860695 
SE0020362754 
SE0021490968 
DK0062721429 
SE0022418158 
SE0022594081 
NO0013372128 
SE0023296090 
SE0021013760 
FI4000493325 
DK0061442845 
NO0010897101 
DK0062379160 
SE0021756079 
SE0022417317 
SE0022594883 
SE0023129531 
SE0023295068 
DK0062448155 
SE0017568652 
SE0020381481 
DK0062350500 
DK0062355491 
DK0062722153 
SE0022416830 
SE0022594073 
SE0023129432 
SE0023296165 
NO0013047795 
SE0017168974 
SE0019042375 
FI4000473772 
SE0019367426 
DK0062719605 
SE0022417366 
SE0022588372 
NO0013378612 
SE0023297643 
DK0062444246 
FI4000492723 
DK0062667622 
SE0014444337 
SE0019046343 
SE0021753258 
SE0022418646 
SE0022591038 
NO0013369678 
SE0023295324 
DK0062446456 
FI4000492848 
SE0008654255 
NO0010913486 
NO0010896822 
SE0021763471 
SE0022419354 
SE0022592804 
NO0013370304 
SE0023295555 
SE0021014131 
FI4000492962 
NO0010977085 
DK0062323960 
SE0019047242 
DK0062611323 
SE0022417135 
SE0022588323 
NO0013376954 
SE0023295985 
SE0021013125 
SE0015671342 
SE0015236237 
SE0012321586 
SE0020373157 
SE0021763547 
SE0022419099 
SE0022590865 
SE0023132832 
SE0023296611 
NO0013047712 
DK0062075297 
SE0016137483 
NO0010976921 
SE0019067398 
SE0021763653 
NO0013246173 
SE0022590345 
NO0013373365 
SE0023305222 
SE0021510385 
SE0015670302 
DK0061299435 
FI4000256417 
SE0015225040 
SE0021763570 
SE0022416863 
SE0022589321 
NO0013347856 
SE0023305933 
DK0062445052 
SE0018550816 
NO0010794589 
NO0010844939 
SE0019066697 
DK0062721262 
SE0022417515 
SE0022590337 
DK0063255211 
SE0023306030 
SE0021014040 
NO0010918675 
SE0020189116 
SE0014818274 
SE0020376945 
DK0062720884 
SE0022422523 
SE0022590220 
SE0023133780 
SE0023305537

--- Page 201 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 201 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021013257 
SE0016793095 
SE0019030594 
SE0012568210 
SE0019067059 
DK0062719951 
SE0022419487 
SE0022590147 
DK0063256458 
SE0023305131 
NO0013042572 
SE0021011392 
NO0010793979 
NO0012823006 
SE0020979086 
DK0062720454 
SE0022418935 
SE0022588877 
NO0013376459 
SE0023305719 
SE0021505179 
NO0011134124 
DK0062379830 
SE0011170505 
SE0014813341 
SE0021759651 
SE0022416145 
SE0022589511 
SE0023133772 
SE0023305636 
SE0021012861 
SE0020187755 
NO0010918683 
SE0013927076 
SE0019066770 
SE0021759867 
SE0022425153 
SE0022591103 
NO0013377945 
NO0013394395 
SE0021011285 
SE0015671391 
DK0062661260 
DK0061890084 
NO0010903636 
DK0062712352 
SE0022424313 
SE0022590931 
NO0013378323 
SE0023308390 
SE0021012598 
SE0015498134 
FI4000040233 
FI4000255823 
SE0019067042 
SE0021763646 
SE0022426144 
SE0022739058 
NO0013374322 
NO0013395780 
NO0013042481 
FI4000370465 
SE0019374091 
NO0010897572 
FI4000370010 
NO0013207027 
SE0022425724 
SE0022738050 
SE0023134572 
NO0013395129 
NO0013047514 
DK0061357068 
SE0013928611 
SE0021508223 
NO0012745233 
DK0062611406 
SE0022424727 
SE0022739132 
SE0023134671 
SE0023308291 
NO0013042382 
SE0015225347 
FI4000316989 
SE0010131102 
SE0019067273 
SE0021767332 
SE0022423539 
SE0022738308 
NO0013349597 
NO0013394684 
SE0021012895 
DK0062641072 
NO0010976566 
SE0010128710 
SE0019360314 
SE0021768504 
SE0022424693 
SE0022739041 
SE0023134796 
SE0023308614 
SE0021012465 
DK0061357308 
SE0006341194 
NO0010824683 
NO0010903487 
SE0021769809 
SE0022426631 
SE0022739827 
NO0013378604 
SE0023308598 
SE0021010170 
DK0061035029 
SE0009860372 
SE0015226410 
SE0019361304 
SE0021769585 
SE0022426169 
SE0022740247 
DK0063260484 
NO0013395020 
SE0021010774 
SE0021496981 
SE0015941950 
SE0015667357 
NO0012975624 
NO0013200667 
SE0022423919 
SE0022597076 
DK0063260211 
SE0023308655 
NO0013047431 
SE0019046160 
NO0010902752 
SE0021506318 
DK0061399060 
SE0021769429 
SE0022423976 
SE0022597787 
SE0023134770 
NO0013393439 
SE0021505146 
SE0014440988 
SE0019051962 
SE0010128330 
SE0019361197 
SE0021767811 
SE0022426201 
SE0022598918 
SE0023134739 
NO0013394478 
SE0021010493 
SE0021734035 
SE0021015930 
DK0060844942 
SE0015485834 
SE0021769221 
SE0022426342 
SE0022597696 
NO0013369470 
SE0023308192 
NO0013042267 
NO0010908833 
SE0009860711 
SE0018574253 
SE0019361221 
SE0021768439 
SE0022426524 
SE0022597845 
SE0023134762 
SE0023443155 
SE0021499845 
SE0021505351 
SE0015236229 
NO0011141806 
SE0019051103 
DK0062719878 
SE0022426136 
SE0022596482 
SE0023134713 
SE0023442595 
NO0013042184 
NO0010903552 
SE0017085731 
NO0013085902 
SE0019051020 
SE0021759172 
SE0022424818 
SE0022598660 
SE0023134564 
SE0023442876 
NO0013047621 
NO0010913106 
SE0011759331 
SE0015225677 
SE0021006384 
SE0021758869 
SE0022425765 
SE0022596904 
DK0063260641 
SE0023442587 
SE0021012531 
SE0011171529 
SE0021494366 
SE0014448924 
NO0012828039 
SE0021753241 
SE0022425872 
SE0022596714 
NO0013378406 
SE0023442975 
SE0021012952 
NO0010904261 
SE0009861545 
SE0019371535 
DK0060829042 
SE0021753761 
SE0022425013 
SE0022598140 
DK0063261029 
SE0023443189 
SE0021012721 
NO0010904303 
SE0016593396 
SE0021621232 
DK0062340030 
SE0021753753 
SE0022425823 
SE0022599049 
SE0023134754 
SE0023442496 
SE0021011277 
DK0062528691 
SE0015226329 
SE0014448916 
DK0061578580 
DK0062745956 
SE0022409215 
SE0022598637 
SE0023131016 
SE0023296884 
SE0021012630 
SE0015669130 
DK0061366051 
NO0012823048 
DK0061943628 
SE0021762010 
SE0022411922 
SE0022597753 
NO0013373100 
SE0023296389 
NO0013042473 
SE0017096126 
SE0019050410 
NO0010824485 
DK0061943115 
SE0021758844 
SE0022406963 
SE0022596540 
NO0013374975 
DK0063334008 
NO0013042374 
DK0061450277 
NO0010896749 
SE0014448783 
SE0017191414 
DK0062732707 
SE0022411369 
SE0022598322 
NO0013372011 
DK0063335757 
SE0021012572 
DK0062342598 
SE0011170133 
DK0062020392 
SE0019053174 
DK0062712279 
SE0022411138 
SE0022596664 
NO0013368423 
SE0023296553 
SE0021012663 
SE0019356783 
NO0010794639 
SE0020198489 
SE0019052879 
SE0021753209 
SE0022411096 
SE0022598694 
NO0013370114 
NO0013395566 
SE0021010303 
NO0010998628 
DK0060612810 
SE0013928553 
SE0019052937 
SE0021753290 
SE0022411880 
SE0022597639 
NO0013373266 
SE0023296215 
NO0013047423 
DK0061616778 
SE0020694511 
DK0061299278 
SE0021012226 
SE0021755097 
SE0022407425 
SE0022597829 
NO0013371781 
DK0063333380 
SE0021010154 
SE0015945787 
SE0013251972 
SE0017189376 
NO0012763178 
SE0021753795 
SE0022406955 
SE0022598926 
NO0013378067 
SE0023296058 
SE0021012671 
NO0010904311 
NO0010896848 
NO0010909443 
SE0021164035 
SE0021753738 
SE0022406294 
SE0022596532 
NO0013375873 
SE0023296876 
SE0021013026 
DK0060846806 
SE0015941463 
SE0020384519 
SE0015665062 
DK0062744470 
SE0022405783 
SE0022598801 
NO0013368472 
DK0063335161 
NO0013042457 
SE0020978518 
SE0016279160 
SE0019040627 
SE0019051970 
SE0021762721 
SE0022412078 
SE0022594784 
NO0013376020 
NO0013396572 
SE0021012770 
SE0013917184 
SE0021017084 
SE0011170224 
SE0018562662 
DK0062747572 
SE0022410916 
SE0022589636 
NO0013368373 
SE0023295506 
SE0021012838 
SE0016137343 
SE0019045766 
SE0011170265 
DK0061594942 
SE0021758703 
SE0022409181 
SE0022592820 
NO0013375584 
SE0023295530 
NO0013042366 
SE0012568079 
SE0017213168 
FI4000253695 
SE0018561854 
SE0021758364 
SE0022408431 
SE0022590923 
NO0013368548 
SE0023296132 
NO0013047415 
SE0015669148 
DK0061998366 
SE0012568095 
DK0062399945 
SE0021759404 
SE0022412045 
SE0022591426 
NO0013371914 
SE0023294996 
SE0021011426 
SE0021010311 
DK0062004867 
SE0014431177 
SE0015488820 
SE0021753829 
SE0022406310 
SE0022587143 
NO0013372060 
SE0023295894 
SE0021009966 
SE0004446359 
SE0015236542 
DK0061356920 
SE0019374687 
SE0022064754 
SE0022406302 
SE0022593141 
NO0013369231 
SE0023296769 
NO0013047035 
SE0016136980 
DK0062228623 
DK0062288445 
DK0061897410 
SE0022068466 
SE0022411591 
SE0022590113 
NO0013377986 
SE0023295571 
SE0021008844 
FI4000492814 
DK0061516630 
DK0061461399 
DK0061896529 
SE0022067864 
SE0022413183 
SE0022590253 
NO0013369967 
SE0023296272 
SE0021008745 
FI4000492939 
NO0013089862 
SE0014818175 
SE0021013737 
NO0013160762 
SE0022413431 
SE0022593281 
DK0063258900 
SE0023304662 
SE0021008851 
FI4000493341 
DK0061383221 
SE0020978476 
SE0015944947 
NO0013160820 
SE0022413894 
SE0022590766 
SE0023133350 
SE0023307954 
SE0021008752 
SE0018570848 
SE0014823142 
NO0010889421 
NO0012502923 
SE0022067369 
SE0022414702 
SE0022588570 
SE0023133293 
SE0023307285 
SE0021008760 
FI4000493150 
SE0021007754 
SE0020695328 
SE0018574360 
NO0013160754 
SE0022413100 
SE0022590212 
NO0013349316 
SE0023307061 
SE0021009024 
NO0013089995 
SE0015225768 
SE0014438495 
NO0012502055 
DK0062775946 
SE0022412805 
SE0022587770 
NO0013378182 
NO0013396317 
SE0021008893 
SE0014822409 
SE0015670138 
SE0018184715 
SE0017568777 
NO0013161042 
SE0022412730 
SE0022592127 
NO0013375881 
NO0013394932 
SE0021623360 
SE0020361772 
SE0020696433 
SE0006341251 
DK0062022174 
DK0062777488 
SE0022413514 
SE0022589230 
NO0013373456 
NO0013395467 
SE0021009065 
SE0021499571 
SE0017569304 
DK0061001393 
DK0062349254 
DK0062776910 
SE0022415485 
SE0022589891 
NO0013349951 
NO0013394817 
SE0021008224 
SE0012315414 
NO0010928690 
SE0015951736 
SE0017568876 
NO0013161034 
SE0022414744 
SE0022739991 
NO0013377127 
NO0013400598

--- Page 202 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 202 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021008679 
SE0019067703 
NO0010898075 
SE0012314714 
SE0019037482 
NO0013201020 
SE0022415386 
SE0022739488 
DK0063260567 
SE0023308226 
DK0062448239 
SE0019358433 
FI4000475678 
DK0062373718 
SE0017568959 
SE0021768538 
SE0022414660 
SE0022740155 
DK0063260997 
SE0023308416 
SE0021008034 
SE0020696128 
SE0015236336 
SE0014440749 
SE0015239892 
SE0021768603 
SE0022415352 
NO0013309435 
NO0013375253 
NO0013395319 
NO0013042275 
SE0015236211 
SE0015233572 
DK0062113130 
SE0017568991 
SE0021769684 
SE0022412912 
SE0022596623 
NO0013375733 
NO0013395145 
SE0021011012 
DK0062045977 
SE0017224231 
SE0011169929 
SE0019053539 
SE0021769106 
SE0022415279 
SE0022596698 
SE0023134689 
NO0013400424 
SE0021503448 
SE0015947213 
FI4000370051 
SE0018208621 
SE0017568744 
SE0021767183 
SE0022412946 
SE0022597811 
DK0063260724 
SE0023312509 
NO0013042234 
SE0021001690 
SE0015233499 
NO0010902307 
SE0018563991 
SE0021769254 
SE0022414033 
SE0022597274 
SE0023134788 
DK0063388442 
NO0013047597 
SE0015670310 
DK0061618204 
SE0021155157 
SE0009860000 
SE0021769551 
SE0022413829 
SE0022596706 
SE0023134804 
SE0023312301 
DK0062649133 
SE0020694776 
SE0020199792 
DK0060840015 
SE0019046186 
SE0021769395 
SE0022415337 
SE0022597167 
SE0023134598 
SE0023312368 
SE0021015088 
SE0015496831 
DK0061481827 
DK0061006350 
SE0019047168 
SE0021769569 
SE0022419313 
SE0022597449 
SE0023134622 
DK0063399647 
SE0021010352 
SE0015497391 
SE0015233564 
DK0062056743 
SE0019032921 
SE0021768207 
SE0022418786 
SE0022597381 
SE0023134630 
NO0013398479 
SE0021012879 
SE0017608888 
DK0062413365 
SE0011170950 
SE0014437067 
SE0021768322 
SE0022416160 
SE0022597175 
DK0063260807 
DK0063392550 
SE0021012978 
SE0018585663 
SE0015233515 
SE0019060344 
SE0019047200 
SE0021767050 
SE0022417952 
SE0022597191 
NO0013377051 
SE0023312194 
NO0013047399 
SE0015939111 
NO0010896012 
SE0011170943 
DK0061978251 
SE0022064614 
SE0022416913 
SE0022599320 
SE0023134697 
DK0063388285 
SE0021009339 
SE0011168863 
SE0021007606 
SE0013934015 
DK0062199691 
NO0013207837 
SE0022416871 
SE0022598256 
SE0023134705 
SE0023312483 
SE0021012085 
SE0015495460 
SE0009859523 
NO0012827858 
SE0019046913 
NO0013208124 
SE0022415964 
SE0022597621 
NO0013350173 
DK0063389929 
SE0021012622 
SE0014823266 
SE0015667548 
SE0016280887 
SE0020377034 
DK0062775862 
SE0022418729 
SE0022597225 
SE0023134721 
DK0063396627 
NO0013047662 
SE0020199933 
DK0060613461 
DK0061013489 
SE0019046475 
NO0013160861 
SE0022415865 
SE0022597894 
SE0023134614 
DK0063396387 
SE0021011319 
SE0011423706 
FI4000348370 
DK0060834125 
NO0013045534 
SE0022067286 
SE0022416061 
SE0022596524 
SE0023134580 
SE0023312251 
SE0021010527 
SE0015497425 
SE0019372632 
SE0012315430 
SE0019047721 
SE0022067278 
SE0022416434 
SE0022597647 
SE0023131149 
SE0023295415 
SE0021505427 
SE0015496872 
SE0009980030 
SE0019036062 
NO0010896095 
SE0022067187 
SE0022419149 
SE0022597134 
SE0023131677 
SE0023295191 
SE0021012960 
SE0020694875 
SE0020188167 
SE0009859838 
SE0019047564 
DK0062776753 
SE0022419081 
SE0022599023 
NO0013376616 
SE0023294954 
NO0013047464 
FI4000493093 
SE0016840185 
SE0011168632 
SE0019046194 
NO0013160838 
SE0022417457 
SE0022598843 
NO0013374819 
SE0023296561 
SE0021010238 
SE0017608128 
DK0061957925 
DK0061978095 
DK0062668869 
NO0013208330 
SE0022419123 
SE0022596938 
NO0013372540 
DK0063332812 
SE0021012358 
FI4000444146 
SE0009983323 
SE0016278691 
SE0019046632 
SE0021750833 
SE0022417986 
SE0022598116 
NO0013376657 
NO0013400671 
NO0013047654 
SE0021734159 
SE0015227616 
SE0011171552 
SE0019046129 
NO0013200816 
SE0022417093 
SE0022597233 
NO0013376137 
SE0023295266 
SE0021010014 
SE0016043996 
SE0012314813 
DK0061618980 
NO0013044388 
SE0021769452 
SE0022418877 
SE0022598900 
NO0013375840 
DK0063333034 
SE0021012853 
DK0061174224 
NO0013157958 
FI4000425731 
SE0019360124 
SE0021769155 
SE0022416897 
SE0022596573 
SE0023129515 
SE0023297502 
NO0013154898 
SE0017074925 
SE0021495041 
SE0015241815 
SE0019360520 
SE0021768520 
DK0062871901 
SE0022596599 
NO0013370320 
SE0023294780 
NO0013153981 
NO0010918840 
NO0010901168 
SE0021016136 
SE0019360157 
SE0021768249 
DK0062907440 
SE0022597761 
NO0013376798 
SE0023297064 
SE0021011301 
NO0010903602 
SE0012564433 
SE0009860323 
SE0019360256 
SE0021769304 
DK0062884722 
SE0022598306 
NO0013368944 
DK0063333976 
SE0021013018 
NO0010903446 
SE0019047499 
SE0009861628 
SE0019032590 
SE0021768611 
DK0062900197 
SE0022598819 
NO0013377200 
SE0023295274 
SE0021014164 
NO0010904386 
NO0013157834 
SE0015959390 
SE0019360546 
SE0021768777 
DK0062895090 
DK0063053939 
NO0013377432 
SE0023297114 
NO0013042408 
NO0010904113 
DK0062654059 
SE0015951884 
NO0012827163 
SE0021768397 
SE0022426953 
NO0013308734 
NO0013378240 
SE0023294798 
SE0021620440 
SE0017589914 
SE0021162906 
SE0017072531 
SE0018543977 
SE0021769197 
DK0062875811 
SE0022588133 
NO0013372912 
SE0023295589 
SE0021014578 
DK0061456399 
SE0009860448 
SE0011170158 
NO0012827247 
SE0021769692 
DK0062903027 
SE0022590493 
NO0013347468 
SE0023295282 
SE0021008562 
NO0010903396 
SE0016838155 
FI4000047659 
NO0012823220 
SE0021768314 
DK0062903530 
SE0022593190 
NO0013371716 
SE0023295795 
SE0021008232 
DK0062074134 
NO0012761891 
SE0010136689 
NO0011133233 
SE0021769312 
DK0062885539 
SE0022591665 
NO0013371021 
DK0063372958 
SE0021008398 
SE0015225800 
SE0012820280 
SE0021505161 
SE0021501400 
SE0021768470 
DK0062878674 
SE0022587234 
NO0013375501 
SE0023307046 
SE0021007796 
NO0010901903 
NO0010992068 
SE0012567949 
SE0020697019 
SE0021768561 
DK0062877783 
SE0022589560 
NO0013378190 
DK0063365077 
SE0021008281 
NO0010901218 
NO0012827171 
NO0012453531 
SE0017073059 
NO0013200725 
DK0062878245 
SE0022587846 
SE0023132949 
DK0063370903 
SE0021007648 
DK0062618419 
DK0061003688 
SE0015952007 
NO0012823873 
NO0013207746 
DK0062888392 
SE0022588455 
NO0013378307 
SE0023307103 
SE0021007770 
SE0021015211 
SE0004580397 
SE0009860794 
NO0012823774 
NO0013200741 
DK0062904934 
SE0022740122 
DK0063257340 
NO0013393983 
SE0021008406 
NO0010906837 
DK0061187713 
SE0012568087 
NO0012823931 
SE0021768306 
NO0013239582 
SE0022738100 
SE0023134119 
NO0013393801 
SE0021007804 
NO0012996489 
SE0021506136 
SE0019374513 
SE0019370479 
DK0062776241 
DK0062879219 
SE0022740171 
DK0063257423 
NO0013395004 
DK0062662078 
NO0010901481 
SE0017072598 
SE0021153327 
SE0021620325 
NO0013208264 
NO0013282806 
SE0022739553 
NO0013372920 
NO0013394999 
SE0021008166 
SE0021499738 
DK0061459146 
NO0010901267 
NO0012763160 
SE0022068482 
NO0013282269 
SE0022598827 
NO0013374512 
SE0023308275 
SE0021007846 
NO0010901531 
FI4000493135 
SE0012568111 
SE0015487939 
NO0013160788 
NO0013283432 
SE0022598090 
NO0013374991 
NO0013395970 
SE0021008117 
SE0016137319 
SE0009861214 
NO0012828567 
SE0019370420 
DK0062777215 
NO0013283440 
SE0022596656 
NO0013373589 
NO0013395988 
SE0021008174 
NO0010902125 
SE0015667621 
SE0012568152 
SE0019066937 
DK0062775276 
NO0013246884 
SE0022597704 
SE0023129499 
NO0013400929 
SE0021007812 
SE0021623634 
DK0060872729 
SE0017075799 
SE0011169069 
NO0013208231 
NO0013243246 
SE0022596920 
NO0013376160 
NO0013396259 
SE0021008463 
NO0012744061 
NO0012656471 
SE0019361361 
SE0019067463 
SE0022068912 
NO0013282954 
SE0022596821 
NO0013368340 
DK0063389176

--- Page 203 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 203 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021008729 
NO0011141616 
SE0019895855 
SE0009979255 
SE0019066564 
NO0013160879 
NO0013282756 
SE0022597431 
NO0013370239 
DK0063388608 
SE0021007994 
DK0062131116 
NO0010910185 
DK0060828077 
SE0018208274 
NO0013208371 
NO0013282244 
SE0022598496 
DK0063248190 
SE0023312400 
SE0021007697 
SE0015947247 
SE0019370370 
SE0018570558 
SE0019067331 
DK0062775193 
NO0013282814 
SE0022598462 
NO0013368746 
SE0023312376 
SE0021008471 
DK0062130654 
SE0021493178 
NO0010896566 
SE0019066788 
SE0021751690 
NO0013282616 
SE0022596755 
NO0013374462 
SE0023312418 
SE0021017225 
SE0015947130 
SE0021179611 
DK0060959765 
SE0019039660 
SE0021752425 
NO0013242909 
SE0022597662 
NO0013368522 
NO0013397083 
SE0021012101 
SE0014440772 
SE0015225735 
NO0013001461 
SE0021508314 
NO0013205823 
NO0013243717 
SE0022598884 
NO0013376319 
DK0063389093 
SE0021507522 
SE0019371592 
DK0061398922 
DK0062229274 
SE0019066655 
SE0021751146 
NO0013243097 
SE0022597472 
NO0013372193 
DK0063388525 
SE0021012440 
NO0012608423 
DK0061403946 
SE0014438693 
SE0019066945 
SE0021769288 
NO0013283242 
SE0022597209 
NO0013375857 
SE0023296413 
SE0021012549 
SE0021499654 
SE0012314888 
DK0061504388 
SE0019067190 
SE0021769619 
SE0022430906 
SE0022596565 
DK0063247622 
SE0023296421 
NO0013047688 
NO0010847643 
FI4000462957 
DK0062647004 
SE0019067455 
SE0021769338 
SE0022430971 
SE0022597480 
NO0013377390 
SE0023295704 
SE0021011418 
NO0011139966 
SE0015952395 
SE0014814844 
SE0019067323 
SE0021769171 
SE0022430922 
SE0022598975 
NO0013370718 
SE0023295357 
SE0021014008 
FI4000463062 
DK0061390861 
SE0010131094 
SE0019067075 
SE0021769601 
SE0022430484 
SE0022597613 
NO0013377267 
SE0023295712 
SE0021011335 
SE0020978815 
SE0020694016 
SE0014438875 
NO0010878549 
SE0021769130 
SE0022430914 
SE0022596730 
SE0023130281 
SE0023294913 
SE0021153319 
SE0012567659 
SE0019371584 
SE0018184442 
SE0019066986 
SE0021768769 
SE0022430849 
SE0022598181 
SE0023131198 
SE0023296108 
SE0021012556 
SE0018570863 
SE0020693463 
DK0062039228 
NO0013154880 
SE0021768215 
SE0022431011 
SE0022598728 
SE0023262746 
SE0023296470 
NO0013042168 
FI4000473640 
NO0010976731 
SE0011169044 
SE0020199263 
NO0013160176 
DK0062918488 
SE0022597126 
SE0023266655 
SE0023297148 
NO0013042440 
SE0015951322 
SE0015950977 
DK0062293791 
SE0019066523 
NO0013159921 
DK0062889010 
SE0022598231 
NO0013371096 
NO0013398081 
NO0013047233 
FI4000473780 
NO0010976830 
SE0014448080 
SE0009860471 
NO0013207415 
NO0013239715 
SE0022597407 
NO0013376541 
SE0023297031 
NO0013047241 
FI4000473699 
SE0019894718 
SE0009979016 
SE0019066606 
NO0013207498 
DK0062878088 
NO0013308791 
NO0013368829 
SE0023297023 
SE0021506953 
SE0020183333 
SE0016591788 
SE0014448098 
SE0017224249 
NO0013159871 
DK0062896817 
SE0022588844 
NO0013370775 
SE0023296579 
NO0013047258 
DK0061444387 
SE0017214505 
SE0020376994 
SE0017568785 
NO0013159764 
DK0062901591 
SE0022591160 
NO0013369553 
SE0023307988 
DK0062435921 
SE0004446466 
NO0010976988 
FI4000496997 
NO0012608431 
NO0013159848 
DK0062889523 
SE0022587788 
NO0013374769 
SE0023308093 
NO0013047266 
SE0021511904 
SE0014818449 
SE0011423508 
SE0018577660 
NO0013159996 
DK0062899597 
SE0022590402 
NO0013369793 
DK0063364260 
NO0013047282 
SE0021507530 
SE0021013315 
NO0010896152 
NO0013155101 
NO0013207605 
DK0062876629 
SE0022589644 
NO0013378133 
SE0023307525 
NO0013131292 
NO0012997628 
DK0061360609 
SE0012313922 
SE0017568884 
NO0013159780 
DK0062901245 
SE0022590980 
NO0013371484 
NO0013395442 
DK0062436143 
SE0021505245 
SE0021007762 
SE0011752856 
SE0014826848 
NO0013159889 
DK0062900940 
SE0022590121 
NO0013370767 
SE0023308564 
DK0062435681 
SE0015227632 
SE0018544389 
SE0017105448 
SE0017568967 
NO0013207290 
NO0013239590 
SE0022593620 
NO0013373506 
NO0013395889 
DK0062433124 
SE0020980134 
FI4000538145 
SE0017182348 
SE0018171464 
NO0013160184 
DK0062891693 
SE0022592549 
NO0013372029 
DK0063383484 
NO0013047043 
SE0015486790 
DK0061390192 
SE0018573362 
NO0012657636 
NO0013207191 
DK0062905741 
SE0022593042 
NO0013377085 
DK0063380464 
DK0062433207 
DK0062384244 
SE0019026253 
SE0017082290 
DK0061790615 
NO0013207258 
DK0062902649 
SE0022589818 
NO0013368498 
SE0023308978 
SE0021008794 
NO0010913866 
NO0012608340 
SE0020377836 
DK0061789369 
NO0013207399 
DK0062887907 
NO0013309377 
NO0013369587 
SE0023312517 
SE0021008802 
SE0015487657 
FI4000253232 
NO0012827957 
SE0018171555 
NO0013207480 
DK0062898789 
SE0022740221 
DK0063247705 
DK0063390695 
SE0021008810 
SE0019903436 
DK0061388451 
SE0014823373 
SE0018171472 
NO0013160259 
NO0013282624 
SE0022740858 
NO0013375162 
SE0023312319 
SE0021016078 
SE0016129548 
NO0010908569 
NO0012438862 
DK0060833580 
NO0013207589 
NO0013282392 
SE0022740627 
NO0013376079 
SE0023312327 
SE0021009289 
DK0062428637 
SE0019067133 
NO0012439019 
SE0019047515 
NO0013159822 
NO0013281980 
SE0022740320 
NO0013378018 
SE0023312392 
DK0062442893 
SE0021504347 
DK0062667549 
SE0020687960 
SE0019030636 
NO0013207357 
NO0013282848 
SE0022740486 
NO0013376061 
SE0023312426 
DK0062374286 
NO0010918899 
NO0010908601 
SE0017204050 
SE0018171571 
NO0013160051 
NO0013282772 
SE0022597373 
NO0013376293 
NO0013397224 
SE0021015252 
NO0010909468 
DK0062435848 
NO0012438722 
DK0060966620 
NO0013207555 
NO0013243204 
SE0022597456 
NO0013376897 
DK0063387048 
SE0020984359 
SE0021008208 
SE0014431482 
SE0013932480 
DK0061199999 
NO0013207134 
NO0013243196 
SE0022598330 
SE0023267497 
NO0013398941 
SE0020980100 
NO0010902489 
DK0060703452 
DK0062076261 
SE0019062233 
NO0013160101 
NO0013246736 
SE0022596953 
SE0023264015 
DK0063390265 
SE0021509056 
DK0061322781 
SE0019911959 
SE0020697001 
DK0061986353 
NO0013207472 
NO0013242933 
SE0022596870 
SE0023265756 
DK0063387717 
SE0020978625 
SE0019046467 
FI4000253166 
DK0061595832 
SE0019058553 
NO0013159962 
NO0013246868 
SE0022599015 
SE0023264890 
DK0063395819 
SE0020977536 
NO0010918667 
FI4000536834 
SE0018565095 
SE0019363995 
SE0022064275 
NO0013246611 
SE0022598413 
SE0023264437 
DK0063389259 
DK0062445722 
SE0018184806 
FI4000316096 
SE0017085533 
SE0019058512 
SE0022064424 
NO0013283010 
SE0022597142 
SE0023264338 
SE0023294947 
SE0020977528 
NO0010918741 
SE0021013596 
SE0020694958 
SE0019371642 
SE0021752375 
NO0013282350 
SE0022599171 
SE0023265335 
SE0023295969 
SE0020977510 
DK0062666574 
SE0013920600 
SE0017082316 
FI4000205042 
SE0021752292 
NO0013283176 
SE0022596508 
SE0023263728 
SE0023295662 
SE0020978088 
FI4000493036 
SE0013934270 
SE0017082233 
SE0019058199 
SE0021752441 
NO0013243543 
SE0022596888 
SE0023266010 
SE0023294921 
SE0020977932 
SE0016279210 
SE0016281414 
SE0021615937 
SE0019046012 
SE0021749769 
SE0022430419 
SE0022598959 
SE0023266929 
SE0023295910 
SE0020977924 
FI4000472691 
SE0019052861 
SE0013932498 
SE0014431706 
SE0021769320 
SE0022430963 
SE0022597316 
SE0023264072 
SE0023296397 
NO0012996513 
SE0013531134 
DK0061445350 
SE0017568835 
DK0061593548 
SE0021769023 
SE0022430898 
SE0022597712 
SE0023264973 
SE0023294806 
SE0021001963 
DK0062662151 
SE0018184913 
SE0017085509 
SE0019058025 
SE0021769080 
SE0022430872 
SE0022598751 
SE0023265525 
SE0023296983 
SE0020994531 
SE0020199495 
FI4000215249 
SE0021014214 
SE0019058546 
SE0021768355 
SE0022430948 
SE0022596797 
SE0023263900 
SE0023295159

--- Page 204 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 204 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021001955 
FI4000472667 
SE0011417948 
SE0018560260 
FI4000475249 
SE0021768348 
SE0022430955 
SE0022597365 
SE0023266341 
DK0063335328 
DK0062667382 
DK0060836096 
SE0015951967 
DK0061624368 
NO0012823725 
SE0021769668 
SE0022430989 
SE0022596615 
SE0023266168 
SE0023296173 
SE0020995082 
NO0012823972 
SE0020362812 
NO0012763202 
DK0062669081 
SE0021769346 
SE0022430930 
SE0022597258 
NO0013369355 
DK0063333893 
DK0062659793 
NO0013003723 
SE0017098924 
NO0013130542 
SE0021160314 
SE0021768546 
SE0022430856 
SE0022597779 
NO0013371328 
SE0023296694 
SE0021000411 
SE0015500301 
SE0017590201 
DK0061625688 
SE0009859374 
SE0021769213 
SE0022427381 
SE0022597738 
NO0013373415 
SE0023295472 
SE0020994663 
SE0015236500 
NO0011100869 
DK0061624871 
NO0010882129 
SE0021769676 
DK0062884219 
SE0022597910 
NO0013372516 
SE0023295381 
SE0021001807 
NO0010901184 
SE0021499308 
SE0021153525 
NO0012824053 
SE0021768413 
DK0062905238 
SE0022598470 
NO0013374363 
SE0023295811 
SE0020995629 
SE0020365617 
NO0010977044 
DK0061873155 
SE0019370347 
SE0021768223 
DK0062899324 
SE0022597860 
NO0013376301 
SE0023296306 
SE0021000718 
NO0010918733 
DK0060846483 
SE0020362283 
NO0013041707 
SE0021768629 
NO0013239764 
SE0022598488 
NO0013369199 
SE0023296462 
SE0021004884 
DK0061620101 
FI4000434550 
SE0018185084 
NO0012822842 
NO0013159988 
DK0062876702 
SE0022597928 
NO0013376392 
SE0023307475 
DK0062335626 
DK0062047247 
SE0018553877 
DK0062643797 
SE0019048455 
SE0021749967 
DK0062896148 
SE0022593638 
NO0013372284 
SE0023307111 
DK0062333332 
SE0021620333 
SE0018575797 
SE0018577702 
DK0062290938 
NO0013207324 
DK0062875225 
SE0022591525 
NO0013378521 
SE0023307509 
DK0062358917 
SE0018565756 
SE0015488655 
SE0016796437 
SE0019058470 
NO0013160267 
DK0062875498 
SE0022592564 
NO0013372391 
DK0063369491 
DK0062335972 
SE0015497995 
SE0019046897 
SE0009860877 
SE0017165277 
NO0013159947 
DK0062886859 
SE0022592028 
NO0013373241 
DK0063372289 
DK0062342838 
SE0019066622 
NO0010897705 
SE0016795744 
SE0019050402 
NO0013159939 
DK0062881975 
SE0022590535 
NO0013378588 
DK0063374814 
NO0013047829 
SE0015957170 
DK0061015427 
SE0020698249 
SE0019068313 
SE0022064267 
DK0062877197 
SE0022593661 
NO0013376012 
DK0063386586 
DK0062395448 
NO0010896442 
NO0013047761 
SE0016796841 
SE0021505468 
NO0013200709 
DK0062881546 
SE0022589016 
NO0013369280 
DK0063381942 
SE0020992030 
NO0012726357 
DK0060665693 
SE0017089360 
NO0012872052 
NO0013160143 
DK0062879482 
SE0022592895 
NO0013369546 
DK0063376272 
SE0021012077 
DK0062213195 
FI4000492889 
SE0021734100 
SE0016842744 
NO0013159954 
NO0013246207 
SE0022589313 
NO0013373225 
SE0023309182 
SE0020991917 
NO0010896806 
SE0013529583 
DK0061578747 
SE0019031154 
DK0062610002 
DK0062909149 
SE0022587549 
NO0013373258 
DK0063384615 
DK0062395018 
NO0010896384 
SE0017589773 
SE0021490810 
SE0018587339 
DK0062609343 
DK0062884649 
SE0022593596 
SE0023266556 
DK0063388871 
SE0020991644 
SE0020979227 
SE0018178923 
SE0013250693 
SE0019033440 
DK0062608881 
NO0013239665 
SE0022588190 
SE0023265772 
SE0023312434 
SE0020991677 
SE0011425230 
SE0010629121 
DK0062670683 
SE0014826038 
DK0062609186 
NO0013283945 
SE0022587168 
SE0023265293 
SE0023312277 
SE0021501699 
SE0020384568 
DK0061588704 
SE0016045769 
DK0062026407 
DK0062608535 
NO0013283846 
SE0022589362 
SE0023264478 
SE0023312384 
DK0062439675 
SE0013930070 
DK0060840601 
NO0012475807 
DK0061393881 
DK0062610861 
NO0013283408 
SE0022588653 
SE0023265830 
NO0013395509 
SE0020991685 
NO0010992027 
SE0009861651 
SE0017578487 
SE0019051855 
DK0062609699 
NO0013203349 
SE0022593109 
SE0023265780 
SE0023312210 
SE0020991701 
NO0010908155 
DK0062009742 
SE0017579436 
DK0062028023 
DK0062608451 
NO0013283069 
SE0022589065 
SE0023264395 
DK0063388012 
SE0020990893 
SE0015667514 
SE0021502804 
NO0011132748 
NO0012761925 
DK0062610275 
NO0013281105 
SE0022593539 
SE0023263959 
SE0023312160 
SE0020990901 
NO0010900814 
NO0010976350 
SE0011169572 
NO0012762253 
DK0062610945 
NO0013246603 
DK0063058227 
SE0023267430 
DK0063387477 
SE0020990919 
SE0021616489 
SE0016789135 
SE0009861040 
NO0012761875 
DK0062608295 
NO0013282574 
SE0022740726 
SE0023265251 
NO0013397257 
SE0020990927 
DK0062426425 
SE0019046376 
SE0020200426 
DK0061788981 
DK0062608378 
NO0013283168 
SE0022740981 
SE0023265178 
DK0063390505 
SE0021733953 
NO0010902083 
NO0010977077 
NO0010899503 
SE0021619566 
DK0062609509 
SE0022428884 
SE0022740346 
SE0023264130 
SE0023312244 
SE0020990877 
NO0010976848 
NO0010977143 
DK0061736402 
DK0060959252 
DK0062609426 
NO0013243493 
SE0022740692 
SE0023266101 
SE0023296025 
DK0062449476 
FI4000444104 
DK0062631354 
DK0060833317 
DK0061790888 
DK0062609269 
NO0013243121 
SE0022598348 
SE0023263710 
SE0023297130 
SE0020694206 
NO0012823493 
NO0010900376 
SE0015236088 
SE0018171589 
DK0062610358 
NO0013243329 
SE0022597720 
SE0023264312 
SE0023296686 
SE0020694321 
SE0015667837 
NO0010976525 
SE0016796833 
SE0020979904 
DK0062608964 
SE0022430880 
SE0022596680 
NO0013375311 
DK0063335674 
SE0020694198 
SE0015667977 
SE0015671847 
DK0061609567 
SE0020381499 
DK0062609939 
SE0022430393 
SE0022597340 
NO0013376673 
DK0063335245 
SE0020694818 
SE0012567857 
NO0010977176 
SE0017203946 
SE0018206815 
DK0062609855 
SE0022430997 
SE0022598769 
NO0013371211 
SE0023295316 
SE0020696540 
SE0015667480 
SE0015945316 
SE0020200400 
DK0061790961 
DK0062608618 
SE0022431102 
SE0022597852 
NO0013370601 
SE0023296710 
SE0020695104 
NO0012997511 
DK0061482205 
NO0012440132 
SE0021619350 
DK0062610192 
SE0022431078 
SE0022597282 
NO0013375428 
SE0023296850 
SE0020696326 
SE0018570483 
DK0061481744 
DK0062111357 
DK0061766748 
SE0021760006 
SE0022430674 
SE0022597183 
SE0023129994 
SE0023296629 
SE0020383800 
SE0015667316 
SE0021014768 
SE0011171099 
DK0061950839 
SE0021751351 
DK0062918132 
SE0022598082 
NO0013375899 
SE0023296264 
SE0020383933 
NO0010912876 
DK0060679488 
SE0018585903 
SE0016135990 
SE0021751393 
DK0062919619 
SE0022596839 
NO0013374587 
SE0023296140 
NO0013153783 
FI4000253182 
NO0013086496 
NO0010998669 
SE0018203317 
SE0021752383 
DK0062920112 
SE0022597605 
NO0013371039 
SE0023296892 
DK0062290268 
NO0010914294 
SE0021013323 
DK0062648598 
SE0017614894 
SE0021769379 
DK0062914495 
SE0022599163 
NO0013376780 
SE0023294822 
DK0062291159 
DK0062659017 
SE0015666060 
SE0018544421 
SE0018203333 
SE0021769460 
SE0022427357 
SE0022598355 
NO0013372078 
NO0013393470 
SE0020384543 
DK0061440716 
NO0010904212 
SE0013252046 
DK0061766318 
SE0021769114 
DK0062904694 
SE0022598967 
NO0013372524 
DK0063332739 
SE0021491529 
SE0020990935 
DK0061382769 
SE0017580749 
DK0062229514 
SE0021769148 
DK0062875308 
SE0022598280 
NO0013377077 
SE0023297049 
SE0021168903 
SE0013918075 
SE0013932159 
SE0017205107 
NO0012912056 
SE0021768892 
DK0062882437 
SE0022596516 
NO0013370130 
SE0023294871 
DK0062290771 
NO0010913783 
SE0021620481 
SE0010978072 
SE0009981996 
SE0021769502 
DK0062895256 
SE0022597746 
NO0013374934 
SE0023307269 
SE0021161957 
NO0010913114 
SE0021014552 
SE0017580780 
SE0018203325 
SE0021768454 
DK0062908091 
SE0022598710 
NO0013371336 
DK0063363452 
SE0020384667 
SE0018588048 
DK0061370087 
SE0017587686 
NO0012872037 
SE0021769510 
NO0013246249 
SE0022598249 
NO0013372979 
SE0023307459

--- Page 205 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 205 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0013047647 
NO0010901937 
SE0016281257 
DK0062293288 
SE0019357963 
SE0021768751 
DK0062880811 
SE0022597464 
NO0013374835 
DK0063368766 
DK0062288791 
SE0021506474 
SE0017568900 
NO0012762436 
SE0019356577 
NO0013207563 
DK0062901161 
SE0022596763 
SE0023263884 
DK0063372016 
NO0012996109 
DK0062555827 
NO0011134314 
SE0016791479 
NO0010848070 
NO0013159814 
DK0062878328 
SE0022598173 
SE0023264684 
SE0023286711 
NO0012999897 
DK0062352712 
NO0010825987 
SE0017580830 
SE0017081805 
NO0013207571 
DK0062908331 
SE0022597399 
SE0023265905 
DK0063374657 
NO0012999939 
SE0015945738 
NO0013047548 
DK0061626140 
NO0012826884 
SE0022064416 
DK0062891859 
SE0022598744 
SE0023264197 
DK0063374491 
SE0021620002 
SE0016838353 
DK0061498201 
SE0021006665 
SE0021494358 
NO0013207761 
DK0062894283 
SE0022597415 
SE0023266440 
DK0063368683 
NO0012996687 
SE0015226188 
DK0062504163 
SE0017192990 
SE0013924321 
NO0013160069 
DK0062902995 
SE0022596771 
SE0023267844 
SE0023308952 
NO0012996265 
NO0010909534 
SE0013933140 
DK0061897253 
NO0011165169 
NO0013207316 
DK0062885109 
SE0022598124 
SE0023267521 
SE0023309091 
SE0021160249 
SE0018185449 
NO0012847047 
NO0010902513 
NO0012826983 
NO0013159855 
DK0062880498 
SE0022597266 
SE0023264817 
DK0063386156 
NO0012996125 
DK0062338562 
DK0061191822 
DK0061873908 
SE0017089493 
NO0013207167 
DK0062889952 
SE0022736765 
SE0023264056 
DK0063383724 
SE0020691475 
NO0010909559 
FI4000316971 
SE0019367806 
SE0016598833 
FI4000539325 
DK0062878161 
SE0022736682 
SE0023264247 
SE0023309141 
SE0020691228 
SE0013537073 
SE0014810537 
SE0017196223 
SE0019358342 
NO0013207423 
DK0062901401 
SE0022588802 
SE0023265236 
DK0063379888 
SE0020699262 
SE0019055864 
SE0014436663 
SE0017195241 
NO0013044420 
SE0021752326 
NO0013243618 
SE0022587259 
SE0023263603 
SE0023309174 
SE0020691392 
SE0015945894 
SE0020187920 
SE0021010410 
DK0060891000 
SE0021760113 
NO0013282749 
SE0022588257 
SE0023265913 
SE0023309083 
SE0020691111 
NO0010896608 
SE0018184780 
SE0011423433 
NO0010899586 
NO0013206599 
NO0013283283 
SE0022589289 
SE0023265871 
DK0063385265 
NO0012995812 
SE0017602097 
NO0010902398 
SE0010351072 
DK0062045548 
SE0021760121 
NO0013283341 
SE0022592432 
SE0023267612 
SE0023312343 
NO0012995820 
SE0016136600 
DK0060843381 
SE0016279251 
SE0019050865 
SE0021768405 
NO0013282202 
SE0022590097 
SE0023266721 
SE0023312525 
NO0012995838 
SE0009979313 
NO0010794571 
SE0012567832 
SE0019049032 
SE0021769361 
NO0013243378 
NO0013307231 
SE0023264254 
NO0013393579 
NO0012995788 
SE0019038670 
NO0010908593 
SE0019363714 
SE0019050758 
SE0021768389 
NO0013283317 
SE0022590600 
SE0023266507 
NO0013397950 
NO0012995523 
SE0015236567 
SE0019067091 
SE0021006376 
SE0019048752 
SE0021768678 
NO0013282590 
SE0022591293 
NO0013371146 
DK0063390422 
SE0020688224 
NO0010909567 
SE0021013224 
SE0018539439 
NO0010976657 
SE0021769353 
NO0013243352 
SE0022591913 
SE0023129416 
SE0023312236 
SE0020687275 
SE0021490893 
SE0009981988 
SE0016048177 
SE0019048091 
SE0021769866 
NO0013243279 
SE0022587341 
NO0013368779 
DK0063397005 
DK0062334579 
NO0010910193 
NO0013046961 
DK0062290854 
DK0062189890 
SE0021769494 
NO0013282525 
SE0022591566 
SE0023129846 
DK0063387980 
DK0062344297 
NO0010908874 
SE0011170547 
NO0010896517 
SE0017568728 
SE0021768645 
NO0013282210 
SE0022589479 
NO0013377341 
SE0023312186 
DK0062332953 
SE0014823423 
NO0010913841 
SE0016048136 
SE0019051269 
SE0021768967 
NO0013246694 
SE0022589420 
NO0013370205 
SE0023312491 
DK0062359055 
NO0010896590 
SE0013256302 
SE0018579641 
SE0019051095 
SE0021768983 
NO0013282467 
SE0022740916 
NO0013368274 
NO0013393561 
SE0021489341 
SE0004446433 
SE0021015997 
SE0020362317 
SE0019051459 
NO0013159970 
NO0013282681 
SE0022741021 
SE0023129648 
NO0013399741 
DK0062337408 
NO0010896194 
SE0010978320 
DK0062172656 
NO0012745274 
NO0013160135 
NO0013243667 
SE0022740361 
NO0013374553 
NO0013395905 
DK0062350427 
SE0019045618 
DK0062204871 
SE0011170968 
SE0019067315 
SE0022064291 
SE0022430864 
DK0063058300 
NO0013368639 
SE0023312350 
DK0062344370 
NO0010896251 
DK0060958361 
SE0016137103 
NO0013047670 
NO0013160507 
SE0022431029 
SE0022740353 
NO0013375469 
DK0063335088 
DK0062336194 
NO0010896186 
DK0060835015 
NO0013089326 
SE0019066663 
FI4000539291 
DK0062928602 
SE0022741237 
NO0013376053 
SE0023295886 
DK0062346581 
SE0016278824 
SE0014827432 
FI4000263009 
SE0019359860 
NO0013207845 
NO0013284323 
SE0022598777 
NO0013369652 
SE0023296637 
DK0062333092 
SE0015488168 
SE0013927696 
DK0061698727 
NO0012761917 
SE0021760097 
SE0022432159 
SE0022596649 
SE0023262498 
SE0023296041 
SE0021155165 
SE0018565400 
SE0010351064 
SE0013928488 
NO0012823667 
NO0013206813 
NO0013204008 
SE0022598835 
SE0023261904 
SE0023294962 
NO0013000273 
NO0010906399 
SE0020198968 
SE0016136410 
SE0011171818 
DK0062741534 
SE0022432035 
SE0022598439 
NO0013374744 
NO0013397463 
NO0012996406 
SE0021160439 
DK0062206306 
SE0017568561 
SE0017214778 
NO0013206706 
SE0022432043 
SE0022598850 
NO0013371062 
DK0063334271 
NO0012996455 
DK0061358389 
SE0019374497 
SE0016137459 
DK0061937141 
SE0022063244 
NO0013284273 
SE0022598645 
NO0013376699 
SE0023295829 
NO0012999871 
SE0020695617 
DK0062636155 
DK0061789799 
NO0012765942 
SE0022062360 
NO0013203943 
SE0022596722 
NO0013372847 
SE0023295001 
NO0012997198 
SE0016047161 
DK0062430377 
SE0021161049 
NO0012824079 
SE0021770112 
SE0022432100 
SE0022598215 
NO0013376889 
SE0023295134 
NO0012997081 
SE0016039036 
FI4000253273 
NO0011177628 
SE0019370321 
DK0062762100 
DK0062919882 
SE0022597357 
NO0013374504 
SE0023295126 
NO0012997289 
SE0019036948 
SE0021015286 
DK0062538302 
SE0014820577 
SE0022063376 
DK0062918215 
SE0022596748 
NO0013378711 
SE0023296363 
NO0012998022 
DK0062336863 
SE0019360538 
SE0016042055 
NO0012823824 
NO0013207548 
NO0013243105 
SE0022736633 
NO0013370072 
SE0023296504 
DK0062369286 
NO0010906589 
SE0021512035 
SE0018185241 
DK0062468930 
SE0022063160 
NO0013246645 
SE0022737367 
NO0013374330 
SE0023295837 
NO0013001057 
DK0061363389 
FI4000456702 
DK0061605144 
DK0060611762 
NO0013160002 
NO0013283226 
NO0013308973 
NO0013372854 
SE0023295043 
NO0013001453 
NO0010906308 
NO0010783202 
DK0061615614 
SE0019370990 
NO0013207175 
NO0013284075 
NO0013308759 
NO0013346635 
SE0023296157 
NO0012998147 
NO0010906597 
DK0061331428 
SE0017078462 
DK0061034212 
NO0013159863 
DK0062881629 
NO0013286831 
NO0013375543 
SE0023296728 
NO0012997578 
FI4000370663 
SE0013927654 
SE0016136329 
NO0012827924 
NO0013160291 
DK0062891503 
NO0013309286 
NO0013372573 
SE0023295365 
NO0012998089 
SE0017196991 
SE0011169093 
DK0061581451 
SE0020698538 
DK0062609772 
DK0062879565 
NO0013309179 
NO0013378125 
SE0023307699 
SE0021017159 
NO0010796279 
SE0011170273 
DK0061609138 
SE0019893793 
NO0013207241 
DK0062908844 
DK0063047105 
NO0013371617 
SE0023307970 
SE0021622875 
SE0015940994 
NO0012743931 
DK0061616182 
NO0010801772 
NO0013207431 
DK0062883914 
SE0022589156 
NO0013376376 
DK0063370150 
NO0012997297 
SE0014814802 
SE0011170422 
SE0017573942 
SE0018204059 
NO0013207365 
DK0062897625 
SE0022592135 
NO0013374967 
SE0023308036 
NO0012997883 
NO0012744442 
SE0021504776 
SE0021151578 
DK0060845832 
NO0013207159 
DK0062873287 
SE0022592093 
NO0013368795 
SE0023307194

--- Page 206 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 206 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0013001180 
SE0015667472 
SE0021008075 
SE0019370453 
DK0061322864 
DK0062611083 
NO0013246306 
SE0022590915 
SE0023129622 
SE0023308812 
NO0012998030 
DK0062145330 
NO0010898455 
NO0012742982 
SE0018573156 
SE0021760147 
DK0062899670 
SE0022589214 
NO0013369595 
SE0023309117 
DK0062290342 
SE0013928272 
DK0061207099 
SE0017195936 
SE0018563587 
SE0022063699 
DK0062888988 
SE0022593216 
NO0013373167 
DK0063377833 
SE0020384675 
SE0020979235 
SE0021732914 
SE0019368291 
SE0018563959 
SE0022063236 
NO0013239731 
SE0022592929 
NO0013376533 
SE0023308911 
DK0062289765 
DK0061456126 
NO0012999814 
SE0019023227 
NO0010904253 
SE0022063327 
NO0013246223 
SE0022592036 
DK0063247978 
NO0013398396 
SE0020384725 
DK0061453883 
DK0061207255 
DK0061688926 
DK0061899978 
SE0022063046 
DK0062881892 
SE0022590311 
SE0023264577 
DK0063387634 
NO0013044263 
SE0015496658 
DK0061473139 
SE0019372376 
SE0018563058 
DK0062762290 
DK0062899084 
SE0022592879 
SE0023265442 
SE0023312269 
SE0021015484 
SE0014827135 
SE0015951694 
DK0061690237 
SE0010351007 
DK0062762373 
NO0013239657 
SE0022588299 
SE0023266879 
DK0063387550 
NO0013044933 
DK0061624285 
NO0010918428 
SE0021152733 
SE0018562597 
SE0021770088 
DK0062895173 
SE0022592457 
SE0023265376 
DK0063387394 
NO0013045054 
SE0018179160 
SE0018583890 
NO0012541384 
DK0061754496 
NO0013207209 
NO0013246272 
SE0022591616 
SE0023267257 
NO0013396515 
NO0013044826 
SE0018572687 
SE0015236153 
DK0062096293 
SE0018561300 
NO0013207449 
NO0013239608 
SE0022589669 
SE0023265053 
NO0013393553 
NO0012999087 
DK0061454345 
SE0021013265 
SE0011170679 
SE0018563009 
NO0013207217 
DK0062884805 
SE0022588513 
SE0023268859 
DK0063391313 
NO0012996729 
DK0061453370 
SE0015236559 
DK0061688413 
SE0018562209 
NO0013159897 
DK0062902052 
SE0022592945 
SE0023267380 
NO0013400176 
NO0012996810 
DK0061457447 
SE0015236443 
NO0010901051 
DK0062354684 
NO0013159772 
NO0013243063 
DK0063058144 
SE0023264916 
DK0063392204 
NO0012999731 
SE0015944079 
SE0015236278 
SE0017208002 
SE0015941562 
NO0013160085 
NO0013282251 
SE0022740338 
SE0023267034 
DK0063390182 
NO0013000349 
NO0010998685 
SE0015236526 
DK0061689148 
SE0011170307 
NO0013207407 
NO0013283028 
SE0022740619 
SE0023265897 
SE0023296231 
NO0013000265 
SE0016793160 
DK0061596806 
NO0010901887 
SE0019367327 
NO0013207225 
NO0013243295 
SE0022740973 
SE0023266481 
DK0063334198 
NO0012996398 
SE0015943881 
SE0004580207 
DK0061690070 
SE0021491230 
NO0013159806 
NO0013203422 
DK0063066329 
SE0023264569 
SE0023295746 
NO0012996273 
SE0020980290 
SE0020199297 
DK0062079364 
SE0018557407 
NO0013206656 
NO0013283515 
DK0063066402 
SE0023266713 
SE0023295845 
NO0012999962 
SE0015944756 
SE0009860885 
FI4000253117 
SE0019365693 
NO0013206623 
NO0013282186 
NO0013305045 
SE0023266119 
SE0023295407 
SE0021012580 
SE0011170083 
FI4000042841 
SE0017209273 
SE0019367541 
SE0021760139 
NO0013281188 
SE0023086673 
SE0023264445 
SE0023295100 
NO0012996885 
SE0015945126 
SE0011171438 
SE0017209067 
SE0019368309 
SE0022063319 
NO0013282111 
NO0013304931 
SE0023263744 
SE0023295175 
NO0012996711 
NO0012726480 
DK0061494648 
SE0015236419 
SE0019366709 
SE0022062808 
NO0013243550 
SE0022747200 
SE0023265632 
SE0023297015 
SE0021012648 
SE0020697787 
SE0014823522 
SE0017222946 
NO0010901465 
SE0022062816 
NO0013283598 
SE0023087309 
NO0013369223 
SE0023296587 
NO0013000331 
FI4000536867 
SE0021619574 
SE0019043936 
DK0061214624 
SE0021770120 
SE0022431193 
SE0023089263 
NO0013377895 
SE0023296736 
NO0012996307 
SE0015944186 
DK0062631008 
SE0016281315 
NO0010897846 
SE0022063335 
SE0022431250 
DK0063081120 
NO0013369439 
DK0063335914 
NO0013000430 
SE0015945464 
SE0013927621 
SE0016281265 
SE0018178683 
SE0022062774 
SE0022431243 
DK0063074182 
NO0013377515 
SE0023296124 
SE0020682623 
FI4000492665 
SE0013930955 
SE0016281422 
SE0019368267 
SE0022062907 
SE0022431268 
NO0013344978 
SE0023129408 
NO0013399568 
SE0020682367 
FI4000318704 
SE0021156411 
SE0019372780 
DK0062420733 
NO0013160234 
SE0022431185 
NO0013344895 
NO0013368282 
SE0023296801 
SE0020682532 
FI4000492822 
NO0010897366 
SE0020198943 
SE0020188258 
NO0013207183 
SE0022431276 
SE0023096912 
NO0013372698 
SE0023296082 
SE0020682516 
NO0010913353 
SE0009860703 
NO0010976590 
SE0019367418 
NO0013207597 
SE0022431235 
SE0023096409 
NO0013378000 
SE0023296116 
SE0020682888 
FI4000493234 
SE0014448072 
SE0016136881 
SE0015667613 
NO0013159830 
SE0022432183 
SE0023096953 
NO0013373274 
SE0023295290 
DK0062320941 
SE0009859499 
NO0010901978 
SE0016280655 
SE0020362663 
NO0013160077 
SE0022432118 
SE0022743324 
NO0013376947 
SE0023295084 
SE0020976116 
NO0013082792 
SE0009980352 
DK0061910106 
SE0015945811 
SE0022064143 
NO0013282988 
SE0022746301 
NO0013374520 
DK0063375894 
DK0062321089 
SE0016135412 
SE0014812830 
SE0020685469 
NO0012742990 
DK0062611166 
NO0013243634 
SE0022746103 
NO0013376848 
DK0063371638 
DK0062325072 
SE0021151800 
SE0020975985 
SE0016136774 
DK0060716942 
SE0021760105 
NO0013281949 
NO0013287581 
NO0013368878 
SE0023307095 
SE0020376036 
SE0016043905 
DK0061620614 
DK0061595402 
DK0060932564 
SE0021760485 
NO0013246926 
SE0022746558 
NO0013376004 
SE0023307483 
SE0020376549 
SE0021007101 
SE0011169119 
SE0020978377 
DK0062010328 
SE0022063392 
NO0013281162 
SE0022746152 
NO0013377333 
SE0023307038 
SE0020376531 
SE0019025339 
SE0015663364 
DK0061595089 
DK0061980588 
SE0022063681 
NO0013281089 
SE0022746541 
NO0013373126 
DK0063370747 
SE0020679769 
SE0021734068 
DK0061181781 
SE0021001856 
SE0019067166 
SE0022063087 
NO0013203505 
SE0022746350 
SE0023264734 
SE0023307905 
SE0020680775 
SE0019053307 
DK0061007242 
SE0018187833 
DK0061504545 
SE0021770096 
NO0013282418 
DK0063066246 
SE0023264585 
DK0063380894 
SE0020679330 
SE0020361566 
SE0009860638 
SE0017589583 
SE0009861495 
SE0022062568 
NO0013282277 
SE0023086731 
SE0023266895 
SE0023308861 
SE0020679751 
SE0015944574 
FI4000459995 
NO0012658287 
SE0021499761 
DK0062761649 
NO0013282194 
SE0023086814 
SE0023266192 
DK0063379029 
SE0020376515 
NO0012823386 
SE0007491873 
DK0061594868 
DK0061977600 
DK0062774543 
NO0013203406 
SE0023087853 
SE0023263611 
DK0063385695 
SE0020680767 
NO0013039636 
NO0011141947 
DK0061594355 
SE0019066838 
NO0013207266 
NO0013243113 
SE0023088067 
SE0023265921 
SE0023308853 
SE0020377612 
SE0014820551 
NO0013047803 
SE0017596117 
SE0018185001 
NO0013207464 
DK0062890109 
SE0023088075 
SE0023266820 
SE0023312178 
SE0020377471 
SE0015671839 
DK0061499019 
SE0020199115 
SE0019030354 
NO0013159798 
DK0062908760 
SE0023087911 
SE0023264288 
SE0023312574 
SE0020377315 
SE0015671326 
DK0061746047 
SE0016838197 
NO0012827841 
NO0013160093 
DK0062882783 
SE0023087036 
SE0023267273 
DK0063400163 
NO0010976665 
SE0018184475 
SE0011170695 
DK0061699378 
SE0021622347 
NO0013207233 
DK0062882866 
SE0023086707 
SE0023266085 
NO0013399519 
SE0017072887 
SE0014446993 
NO0010906522 
SE0009859911 
NO0012429325 
NO0013207456 
DK0062890299 
SE0023087507 
SE0023263785 
SE0023312202 
NO0010900335 
DK0061980828 
DK0061365830 
DK0061703667 
SE0019052853 
NO0013207308 
DK0062872040 
SE0023087416 
SE0023263645 
DK0063395223 
SE0014436630 
SE0019363805 
SE0021622487 
SE0018561615 
SE0018562217 
SE0021748563 
DK0062904777 
SE0023087556 
SE0023264742 
NO0013400580

--- Page 207 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 207 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0018539660 
SE0021151552 
FI4000447347 
SE0017222391 
SE0019053109 
NO0013206847 
DK0062885612 
DK0063066758 
SE0023267489 
DK0063388954 
SE0016039028 
SE0015497383 
FI4000365325 
SE0017227838 
SE0019052796 
NO0013206714 
DK0062883245 
SE0023086939 
SE0023265749 
DK0063389846 
SE0016039473 
NO0010902737 
NO0010918303 
FI4000253786 
NO0012828021 
NO0013207530 
DK0062877510 
SE0023088364 
NO0013377606 
NO0013400275 
SE0016137145 
SE0015951397 
SE0019047531 
SE0017230303 
SE0012958312 
SE0022063145 
DK0062883328 
SE0023088349 
NO0013370866 
DK0063396544 
DK0062399192 
DK0062383006 
SE0021014388 
SE0021489200 
SE0019371543 
DK0062762027 
DK0062880142 
SE0023087606 
NO0013370908 
DK0063388798 
SE0018561888 
SE0017569346 
SE0010134882 
DK0061724234 
SE0019052747 
DK0062774626 
DK0062887741 
SE0023086863 
NO0013369074 
SE0023312533 
SE0021012382 
NO0010902422 
SE0021493392 
FI4000460761 
SE0021732633 
SE0022063855 
NO0013282608 
SE0023087903 
NO0013373555 
SE0023295803 
SE0020187748 
SE0021619525 
SE0013932779 
NO0010795420 
SE0015958400 
SE0022065280 
NO0013203273 
SE0023087481 
SE0023129440 
SE0023297478 
SE0020187789 
SE0016136923 
SE0015233465 
SE0018185365 
DK0062675054 
SE0022065173 
NO0013243527 
SE0023087150 
NO0013375998 
SE0023295639 
SE0020187995 
NO0012827114 
NO0010888092 
SE0020363554 
SE0018583601 
SE0022065132 
NO0013282020 
SE0023088216 
NO0013369496 
DK0063334784 
SE0020188449 
SE0017212152 
SE0021505237 
SE0017230816 
SE0019053133 
SE0022065116 
NO0013243337 
DK0063069695 
NO0013376574 
SE0023295738 
SE0020189249 
NO0010897481 
SE0021615960 
NO0013045997 
SE0019053117 
SE0022065165 
NO0013203372 
DK0063071592 
NO0013372862 
SE0023296744 
SE0020189181 
SE0020685071 
DK0060703379 
DK0062650818 
SE0011752849 
SE0021752318 
NO0013283507 
DK0063068614 
NO0013378174 
SE0023305917 
SE0021617081 
SE0015945761 
SE0014813176 
DK0062339024 
NO0012658303 
NO0013205492 
NO0013282723 
SE0023089537 
NO0013372367 
SE0023305651 
DK0062353793 
SE0021017753 
NO0010976517 
DK0061764537 
NO0010794860 
SE0021751344 
NO0013243477 
NO0013288035 
NO0013370932 
DK0063367602 
DK0062379400 
NO0010897523 
DK0061577855 
NO0012725763 
SE0018564007 
NO0013200832 
NO0013282962 
SE0023096268 
NO0013376152 
SE0023306931 
DK0062386371 
NO0010905789 
SE0010982926 
SE0021505294 
SE0015670229 
SE0021752433 
NO0013283556 
SE0023094495 
NO0013370791 
SE0023307681 
DK0062373395 
SE0020382224 
NO0013082479 
DK0061298544 
DK0061897683 
SE0021750585 
NO0013282889 
SE0023096987 
NO0013368217 
DK0063369145 
DK0062647350 
SE0020382349 
DK0061457520 
SE0017216138 
SE0021732955 
SE0022062527 
NO0013203448 
SE0023094420 
NO0013371088 
SE0023308754 
DK0062375762 
NO0012974098 
SE0009859564 
NO0010918337 
DK0061898061 
SE0021770146 
NO0013283044 
SE0022746582 
NO0013370742 
DK0063382916 
DK0062381810 
NO0012976531 
NO0010896954 
SE0011170851 
SE0021506078 
SE0021770195 
NO0013246793 
SE0022745972 
SE0023265038 
DK0063386230 
SE0020978948 
DK0062293601 
SE0014818662 
NO0013044743 
SE0018561862 
SE0022063715 
NO0013246710 
SE0022746509 
SE0023267372 
SE0023309059 
SE0020979060 
SE0021013240 
SE0013254869 
SE0014817896 
DK0061901469 
SE0022063384 
NO0013282012 
SE0022746566 
SE0023264882 
DK0063384375 
SE0020979946 
NO0012974056 
DK0062620746 
SE0017205057 
DK0061896362 
SE0021770104 
NO0013283382 
SE0022746475 
SE0023265368 
DK0063386669 
SE0020979375 
SE0020381549 
SE0019359167 
SE0020694933 
SE0017568827 
NO0013160226 
NO0013283309 
SE0022745709 
SE0023263769 
DK0063385422 
SE0021154804 
SE0020381630 
SE0015667407 
SE0018565111 
DK0061998283 
NO0013201236 
NO0013243626 
SE0022746657 
SE0023264718 
DK0063376439 
SE0020978450 
SE0020381507 
SE0019050394 
SE0016042097 
DK0062637989 
SE0022063863 
SE0022428785 
SE0023087432 
SE0023263942 
SE0023308903 
SE0021734308 
SE0020995884 
FI4000043013 
DK0061006780 
SE0017569056 
NO0013201244 
NO0013283218 
SE0023086756 
SE0023265129 
SE0023309018 
SE0020978823 
SE0021732609 
DK0060611259 
SE0019058496 
SE0018211385 
SE0022063871 
NO0013246652 
SE0023086830 
SE0023266531 
SE0023308788 
SE0020980308 
DK0062293015 
SE0015951371 
SE0021732724 
SE0020378008 
NO0013160655 
NO0013283523 
SE0023087754 
SE0023263934 
NO0013393538 
SE0021734340 
DK0062292470 
SE0017590144 
SE0020197630 
FI4000047717 
SE0022067211 
NO0013281774 
SE0023087721 
SE0023266184 
SE0023312335 
NO0012975442 
SE0020382356 
SE0019356213 
SE0015490172 
SE0017568611 
NO0013160630 
NO0013243030 
SE0023087085 
SE0023266630 
SE0023312285 
SE0021502697 
SE0020381598 
SE0015236591 
SE0017590136 
SE0017568751 
SE0022067203 
NO0013283234 
SE0023087093 
SE0023264643 
NO0013397927 
NO0012975608 
SE0020382422 
SE0015236096 
SE0021017860 
SE0017568793 
NO0013160663 
NO0013283325 
SE0023088547 
SE0023264270 
DK0063390349 
SE0021168283 
SE0021001823 
SE0021619624 
SE0021013836 
SE0019056870 
NO0013208157 
NO0013282509 
SE0023087937 
SE0023265947 
DK0063387121 
NO0013044941 
SE0020381622 
SE0017214331 
SE0017590094 
FI4000446877 
SE0022067294 
NO0013282996 
SE0023087275 
NO0013371666 
DK0063399720 
NO0012977588 
NO0010902455 
SE0015236401 
SE0004580454 
SE0019056979 
NO0013208140 
NO0013203570 
SE0023086723 
NO0013378638 
DK0063388368 
SE0021006152 
NO0012725821 
SE0004446326 
SE0019366105 
SE0021496031 
SE0022067252 
NO0013246934 
SE0023087184 
NO0013376103 
SE0023312293 
NO0012975434 
SE0015666052 
SE0015236468 
SE0017589872 
NO0010918972 
NO0013208314 
NO0013243428 
SE0023088448 
NO0013375352 
SE0023442330 
SE0021160454 
SE0015224258 
SE0021015815 
SE0015490743 
DK0062033023 
NO0013160978 
NO0013243360 
SE0023086749 
NO0013370247 
SE0023450648 
NO0012975673 
DK0061505195 
SE0021153863 
SE0017076243 
DK0061703824 
NO0013205807 
NO0013246322 
SE0023087861 
NO0013378505 
DK0063423371 
NO0012977570 
FI4000462262 
SE0011168541 
SE0021017761 
SE0019042243 
SE0021768512 
DK0062886180 
SE0023087929 
SE0023129556 
SE0023450176 
NO0012975665 
DK0061878030 
SE0015236120 
DK0061594785 
SE0021018033 
SE0021768272 
DK0062899167 
SE0023086715 
NO0013369744 
SE0023450473 
NO0012975491 
SE0015224068 
SE0015236260 
SE0015236492 
SE0019042326 
SE0021769015 
DK0062888715 
SE0023087424 
NO0013377655 
DK0063428842 
NO0013045922 
SE0015224167 
SE0016136279 
DK0061699295 
SE0019044033 
SE0021769445 
DK0062894879 
SE0023088232 
NO0013378331 
SE0023451372 
NO0012975418 
NO0010899248 
SE0021010394 
SE0017575319 
SE0020188381 
SE0021768330 
DK0062896494 
NO0013341248 
NO0013370999 
SE0023450614 
NO0012975657 
DK0060996106 
SE0015236518 
DK0061594272 
SE0018541013 
SE0021769247 
DK0062895413 
DK0063071402 
NO0013369090 
SE0023450143 
SE0020995769 
SE0015224803 
SE0016835342 
DK0061593894 
SE0016593875 
SE0021768447 
DK0062891180 
SE0023089529 
NO0013375386 
SE0023450242 
SE0021000429 
SE0018206419 
DK0061390358 
DK0061593464 
DK0061499365 
SE0021769635 
DK0062887238 
SE0023089560 
NO0013371278 
SE0023451554 
SE0021008349 
SE0017165681 
SE0015225685 
SE0021624368 
SE0016594212 
SE0021769718 
DK0062878914 
SE0023096938 
NO0013374694 
SE0023450291 
SE0020994689 
SE0015224225 
SE0019894601 
SE0017085814 
DK0062327797 
SE0021767878 
DK0062884482 
SE0023094826 
SE0023275227 
DK0063424858 
SE0021511979 
SE0006341277 
SE0011170919 
SE0017076490 
SE0016594220 
SE0021769627 
DK0062880738 
SE0023094487 
SE0023274758 
SE0023451158

--- Page 208 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 208 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020379378 
SE0019058694 
FI4000446968 
SE0014810966 
NO0010903578 
SE0021769239 
NO0013246256 
SE0023096482 
SE0023272802 
DK0063429303 
SE0020377919 
SE0021502382 
DK0061457603 
SE0011171370 
SE0016597447 
SE0021769387 
DK0062901674 
SE0023095310 
SE0023276225 
DK0063402888 
SE0020377729 
NO0012847278 
FI4000462924 
SE0021622008 
SE0005136876 
SE0021768868 
DK0062874848 
SE0023096920 
SE0023272901 
DK0063403506 
NO0013046821 
SE0015236427 
SE0021007127 
SE0019363961 
SE0016597124 
SE0021768280 
NO0013282087 
SE0022745832 
DK0063274352 
SE0023443239 
SE0020378016 
SE0014823712 
DK0061010543 
DK0061732252 
SE0016597355 
SE0021768363 
SE0022429114 
SE0022745733 
SE0023276910 
SE0023443270 
SE0020380103 
SE0014823589 
NO0012823055 
SE0016048862 
SE0017595960 
DK0062771283 
NO0013243642 
SE0022743266 
SE0023276159 
SE0023442447 
SE0021621562 
SE0014827853 
FI4000346226 
SE0017076425 
SE0016838320 
DK0062769709 
NO0013281758 
SE0022745337 
SE0023276498 
SE0023442355 
NO0013045435 
NO0010897952 
SE0016593602 
SE0021507472 
SE0018566804 
NO0013160986 
NO0013243691 
SE0022745758 
SE0023275342 
SE0023442959 
NO0013045757 
DK0062639688 
SE0009979925 
SE0017076383 
SE0018560302 
NO0013208272 
NO0013283150 
SE0022745410 
DK0063273032 
SE0023442835 
NO0013045930 
NO0013046995 
SE0021015369 
DK0062676532 
SE0018572000 
DK0062777132 
NO0013282061 
SE0022743332 
SE0023271143 
SE0023442371 
SE0021618865 
NO0010898695 
SE0015945670 
SE0019904327 
DK0062631271 
NO0013208207 
NO0013282038 
SE0023087176 
NO0013376442 
SE0023442637 
DK0062410189 
SE0021623980 
DK0061849874 
SE0017075856 
FI4000407226 
NO0013160994 
NO0013243501 
DK0063066832 
SE0023271663 
SE0023443809 
DK0062406906 
SE0021016128 
DK0060665859 
SE0019067117 
SE0016837793 
SE0022068458 
NO0013282939 
SE0023087564 
SE0023272000 
SE0023443726 
SE0021013893 
NO0010898513 
SE0015488945 
DK0060905248 
NO0013086488 
NO0013208298 
NO0013282053 
SE0023087531 
DK0063271846 
SE0023443684 
DK0062404109 
FI4000492764 
SE0016135370 
DK0061825346 
SE0016838205 
DK0062776407 
NO0013281170 
SE0023088471 
SE0023271853 
SE0023442520 
NO0013045732 
SE0014818118 
DK0060932804 
DK0061577509 
SE0013927779 
NO0013205989 
NO0013281154 
SE0023087242 
SE0023271762 
SE0023450978 
DK0062412987 
NO0012997339 
SE0017584345 
SE0017076342 
SE0016278634 
SE0021751195 
NO0013246918 
SE0023087408 
SE0023271317 
SE0023450556 
NO0013045476 
NO0010906472 
NO0013045138 
DK0062625893 
DK0061626066 
NO0013205419 
NO0013281022 
SE0023087945 
SE0023272398 
DK0063427877 
SE0021013471 
SE0016137392 
SE0019892605 
SE0017076268 
SE0015496773 
SE0021769577 
NO0013246835 
SE0023088026 
DK0063273628 
DK0063429220 
DK0062409090 
NO0012743279 
SE0011170885 
NO0012541004 
SE0016279558 
SE0021769734 
NO0013283549 
SE0023088208 
SE0023271887 
SE0023450283 
SE0020188480 
SE0019046921 
DK0061498128 
SE0018179046 
SE0016278675 
SE0021768181 
NO0013283424 
SE0023087200 
SE0023271432 
DK0063426127 
SE0020188936 
DK0061362654 
SE0012567964 
SE0018553596 
SE0016279376 
SE0021768637 
NO0013243741 
DK0063067640 
SE0023271564 
SE0023450382 
SE0020189140 
FI4000475330 
SE0009859507 
NO0011177610 
SE0020365567 
SE0021769478 
NO0013243469 
SE0023086889 
SE0023272307 
SE0023451448 
SE0020189108 
DK0061393964 
SE0016041438 
SE0019047309 
SE0016279608 
SE0021769593 
NO0013246678 
SE0023087895 
SE0023271697 
SE0023451117 
SE0020188779 
NO0010898117 
DK0060614519 
SE0017223605 
SE0010979823 
SE0021769791 
NO0013282566 
SE0023087077 
SE0023276738 
DK0063425582 
SE0020187912 
SE0017608458 
NO0010901671 
SE0017613714 
SE0021003571 
SE0021769742 
NO0013243139 
SE0023087887 
SE0023274527 
SE0023451505 
SE0020188241 
SE0020696623 
SE0021620499 
SE0017223753 
SE0016603765 
SE0021768462 
NO0013243055 
SE0023088356 
SE0023276308 
SE0023451703 
SE0020187870 
NO0010897382 
DK0061952538 
SE0005136868 
SE0021624699 
SE0021769270 
NO0013281972 
SE0023088059 
SE0023275268 
SE0023451463 
SE0020363596 
SE0021620986 
SE0009983414 
SE0017222466 
SE0020995686 
SE0021769437 
NO0013281741 
SE0023087259 
SE0023276332 
SE0023450705 
SE0020188852 
DK0061878543 
DK0060613388 
DK0061017043 
SE0015225875 
SE0021769726 
NO0013282152 
SE0023087747 
SE0023276878 
SE0023450754 
SE0020188209 
NO0010896988 
SE0015239181 
SE0018578031 
SE0014824033 
SE0022063897 
NO0013282442 
SE0023086806 
SE0023272893 
SE0023451695 
SE0020188811 
SE0021615770 
SE0017074230 
SE0013251592 
SE0020694834 
DK0062766952 
NO0013282715 
SE0023088190 
SE0023276316 
SE0023451612 
SE0020188696 
SE0021015583 
DK0060711398 
SE0020387827 
SE0016609127 
NO0013208306 
NO0013246744 
SE0023088307 
SE0023276597 
SE0023451083 
SE0020188084 
SE0021006350 
SE0020680437 
SE0017222151 
NO0010976954 
SE0022068474 
NO0013282632 
NO0013340810 
SE0023276696 
SE0023450275 
SE0020188654 
NO0010897978 
SE0018169609 
NO0012911942 
SE0016609168 
NO0013160929 
NO0013281014 
SE0023091152 
SE0023275524 
DK0063423298 
SE0020188043 
FI4000391602 
DK0060999639 
SE0017198401 
DK0061980075 
SE0022068904 
NO0013283499 
SE0023090824 
SE0023275367 
SE0023450374 
SE0020189066 
NO0010903842 
SE0021504461 
DK0061702180 
SE0019030347 
NO0013208181 
NO0013283416 
SE0023090816 
SE0023276753 
DK0063427448 
SE0020188126 
SE0019042607 
DK0061166204 
FI4000256409 
DK0062022257 
NO0013208322 
NO0013243451 
SE0023090733 
SE0023267315 
SE0023450168 
SE0020188738 
SE0019371667 
NO0010976475 
DK0061696192 
SE0019030297 
NO0013160937 
NO0013246660 
SE0023090717 
SE0023264866 
SE0023450770 
SE0020188555 
SE0019371758 
SE0011170893 
SE0021503729 
SE0019030339 
NO0013160796 
NO0013243154 
SE0023090758 
SE0023266705 
SE0023451414 
SE0020189215 
NO0013153924 
NO0010792617 
SE0018582835 
SE0015947114 
NO0013208215 
NO0013243733 
SE0023094511 
SE0023265798 
SE0023451513 
SE0020188639 
SE0013529575 
SE0020362143 
SE0017589831 
SE0019040098 
NO0013160945 
NO0013282145 
SE0023096946 
SE0023266382 
SE0023451299 
SE0020187813 
SE0018573081 
SE0020199974 
SE0015225248 
SE0019040130 
NO0013160846 
NO0013282517 
SE0023093984 
SE0023267588 
SE0023451471 
SE0020361681 
SE0021154481 
NO0013158261 
SE0009861032 
SE0019372582 
NO0013205500 
NO0013282921 
NO0013287540 
SE0023263637 
DK0063422217 
NO0012911934 
SE0015950845 
NO0010908882 
FI4000239603 
SE0018550923 
NO0013205815 
NO0013246629 
SE0022742854 
SE0023262696 
DK0063429576 
DK0062207460 
NO0010902646 
NO0010796014 
NO0010899404 
NO0012823626 
SE0021752342 
NO0013282434 
SE0022742573 
SE0023268206 
SE0023450218 
SE0017171176 
SE0015942529 
DK0060999209 
NO0011140022 
SE0019041039 
SE0021769759 
NO0013242875 
DK0063065511 
SE0023266523 
SE0023451539 
SE0020978583 
DK0061348158 
SE0018179244 
SE0019368325 
SE0019039603 
SE0021769403 
DK0062908414 
SE0022742375 
SE0023265889 
SE0023451521 
SE0020978716 
NO0011141574 
SE0009859614 
NO0011139586 
SE0019041062 
SE0021769007 
DK0062880571 
SE0022742847 
SE0023265723 
SE0023451257 
SE0020980845 
DK0062638011 
DK0061161403 
SE0013927456 
SE0018208746 
SE0021769296 
DK0062879136 
SE0022743233 
SE0023263801 
SE0023450747 
SE0020979292 
SE0020362879 
SE0014823803 
NO0011140063 
NO0010825516 
SE0021768579 
DK0062909065 
SE0022743068 
SE0023264189 
SE0023309380 
DK0062413282 
NO0010899206 
DK0061456209 
SE0014818571 
SE0019040619 
SE0021768256 
DK0062891933 
SE0022742367 
SE0023276845 
SE0023310024

--- Page 209 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 209 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020979573 
SE0021502754 
SE0019046228 
SE0017589781 
NO0010918634 
SE0021768488 
DK0062900783 
SE0022742268 
SE0023276670 
SE0023311659 
SE0020979706 
NO0010902612 
SE0021015435 
SE0017074222 
SE0019044116 
SE0021769411 
DK0062887154 
SE0022742292 
SE0023276837 
SE0023310743 
NO0013089631 
SE0013933298 
SE0014818019 
SE0017074263 
SE0011168624 
SE0021769643 
DK0062876892 
SE0022743035 
SE0023275797 
SE0023310420 
SE0020694289 
FI4000485347 
SE0010140939 
SE0017074271 
SE0017580822 
SE0021768785 
DK0062890539 
NO0013287466 
SE0023275821 
SE0023311428 
NO0013041947 
NO0013003251 
SE0015667845 
NO0012759515 
SE0019041138 
SE0021768371 
DK0062903290 
NO0013304642 
SE0023276563 
SE0023309638 
SE0020695021 
SE0014823472 
SE0014818068 
DK0060716272 
NO0010794910 
SE0021768959 
DK0062902482 
SE0022742334 
SE0023271572 
SE0023450457 
SE0020695500 
NO0012975426 
NO0010847916 
SE0009859556 
DK0061578663 
SE0021768595 
DK0062877007 
SE0022743134 
SE0023271093 
SE0023450606 
SE0020696383 
SE0014823837 
SE0017575822 
NO0012726431 
SE0019042433 
SE0022063905 
NO0013246264 
SE0023088455 
DK0063272141 
SE0023451844 
SE0020694701 
NO0013000059 
DK0062079521 
SE0015225883 
SE0019363524 
DK0062774972 
DK0062885372 
SE0023088380 
SE0023271366 
SE0023450200 
SE0020694107 
SE0014823274 
NO0010977150 
SE0014812020 
SE0019363375 
SE0022067260 
NO0013246298 
SE0023087580 
NO0013378448 
SE0023450416 
SE0020694172 
SE0014824041 
SE0011753078 
NO0012909623 
SE0019363409 
NO0013208132 
DK0062894010 
SE0023088083 
SE0023272430 
DK0063428172 
SE0020696193 
SE0018585408 
DK0061200086 
SE0015669171 
NO0010824360 
NO0013208165 
DK0062897708 
SE0023086970 
NO0013370544 
SE0023450994 
SE0020694339 
SE0020992477 
DK0062672622 
SE0018540601 
SE0018577819 
NO0013208256 
DK0062885299 
SE0023088299 
SE0023272166 
SE0023451166 
SE0020694214 
DK0061157567 
SE0015242243 
SE0016136063 
SE0019363532 
NO0013160952 
NO0013243485 
SE0023087218 
DK0063273388 
SE0023451349 
SE0020695427 
SE0017214315 
FI4000536800 
SE0011169085 
SE0017615388 
NO0013160887 
NO0013283572 
SE0023088372 
SE0023271465 
SE0023450986 
SE0020995124 
SE0014823613 
DK0061383304 
SE0014812228 
SE0019363912 
DK0062777058 
NO0013242891 
SE0023087358 
SE0023271390 
SE0023451406 
SE0021001609 
SE0014823332 
NO0012823865 
NO0013041988 
SE0019364084 
SE0022067567 
NO0013242925 
SE0023087010 
SE0023271960 
SE0023451398 
SE0021000221 
SE0012567816 
SE0021506284 
SE0016137525 
SE0017580756 
NO0013160960 
NO0013203364 
SE0023087523 
SE0023271739 
SE0023451794 
SE0021000726 
NO0012743188 
SE0020192193 
SE0019363391 
SE0019363698 
SE0021751237 
NO0013242917 
SE0023088315 
SE0023271689 
SE0023451364 
SE0021001542 
DK0062080370 
NO0010908809 
SE0016135461 
NO0013045070 
SE0021769163 
NO0013243535 
SE0023087101 
SE0023271184 
SE0023311303 
SE0021000502 
SE0018548133 
SE0015227624 
SE0021499142 
SE0019364118 
SE0021769031 
NO0013243238 
SE0023087796 
SE0023272257 
SE0023310669 
SE0020994721 
SE0011423078 
DK0061504461 
SE0016280994 
SE0020377455 
SE0021767951 
NO0013282178 
SE0023088422 
SE0023272158 
SE0023311790 
SE0021001179 
NO0010824246 
SE0013933900 
DK0061587730 
SE0016840201 
SE0021769700 
NO0013282780 
SE0023087515 
SE0023275284 
SE0023309307 
SE0020995801 
SE0020696243 
SE0015225750 
SE0017075773 
DK0062449989 
SE0021769205 
NO0013282079 
SE0023086996 
NO0013369934 
SE0023311212 
SE0021000569 
NO0010908080 
SE0017222896 
SE0021733680 
SE0015485156 
SE0021767563 
NO0013281006 
SE0023088323 
SE0023275250 
SE0023309596 
SE0020994754 
DK0061362225 
SE0021499241 
SE0017076185 
SE0016838866 
SE0021768686 
NO0013246553 
SE0023086947 
SE0023272976 
SE0023309554 
SE0021000973 
FI4000473616 
DK0061394186 
DK0061933587 
SE0020363117 
SE0021768231 
NO0013281113 
DK0063066915 
SE0023276365 
SE0023309661 
SE0020994846 
SE0015671615 
SE0017168958 
SE0017076672 
SE0016838569 
SE0021769825 
NO0013243303 
SE0023090766 
SE0023272828 
SE0023310941 
SE0021001849 
SE0015224092 
SE0015225792 
SE0017096712 
DK0061450194 
SE0021769262 
NO0013282731 
SE0023091020 
SE0023276282 
SE0023450952 
NO0013089755 
SE0013917077 
SE0016793020 
DK0061611548 
SE0016128276 
DK0062771796 
NO0013243220 
SE0023090741 
SE0023276886 
SE0023450481 
SE0021506243 
DK0061358116 
DK0061495538 
SE0017097363 
SE0016129159 
DK0062769972 
NO0013246769 
SE0023090782 
SE0023265640 
SE0023450598 
SE0021001070 
DK0062674404 
NO0012828013 
SE0016047146 
FI4000252655 
SE0022063889 
NO0013246686 
SE0023090899 
SE0023263777 
SE0023451547 
SE0021001674 
DK0061619871 
SE0016279319 
SE0017097157 
SE0016129134 
SE0022063848 
NO0013243147 
SE0023090808 
SE0023267109 
DK0063429816 
SE0020995694 
NO0010906506 
SE0019038290 
SE0017096308 
SE0017090012 
SE0022063947 
NO0013203430 
SE0023090774 
SE0023268271 
SE0023450234 
SE0021000361 
SE0021008703 
DK0061093226 
DK0060842573 
FI4000253638 
DK0062787602 
NO0013282228 
SE0023090675 
SE0023263819 
SE0023450887 
DK0062346664 
SE0017076607 
SE0020199628 
DK0060875904 
SE0019056391 
DK0062790903 
NO0013243758 
SE0023095351 
SE0023264924 
DK0063425822 
DK0062354098 
FI4000370184 
SE0015666037 
SE0018181034 
SE0016609176 
DK0062789061 
NO0013283275 
SE0023094164 
DK0063261615 
SE0023450929 
DK0062405502 
SE0013251980 
DK0062618336 
DK0061762838 
NO0011023707 
DK0062780516 
NO0013282582 
SE0023095534 
SE0023269360 
DK0063427604 
DK0062399861 
SE0004447035 
NO0010897556 
SE0016042113 
DK0061817756 
DK0062780193 
NO0013243444 
SE0023096839 
SE0023270137 
SE0023450499 
SE0020993996 
DK0060631950 
SE0015489232 
SE0017098239 
SE0018568933 
SE0022077673 
NO0013283689 
SE0023094438 
SE0023269287 
DK0063430665 
SE0020994036 
NO0012997586 
SE0020383925 
SE0017099690 
SE0016788442 
NO0013244376 
NO0013283002 
SE0022742938 
SE0023270004 
SE0023450523 
SE0020993624 
SE0020697704 
SE0012567865 
NO0012824517 
DK0061582772 
NO0013244483 
NO0013282822 
SE0022742441 
DK0063261532 
SE0023450432 
DK0062399275 
SE0020698025 
SE0020189074 
DK0062046439 
DK0061583077 
SE0022073128 
NO0013246728 
SE0022742698 
SE0023277199 
SE0023451661 
SE0020994044 
SE0020697647 
SE0012567899 
SE0017098940 
DK0062657821 
SE0022072377 
NO0013203331 
NO0013287458 
NO0013374983 
SE0023451430 
SE0020994002 
SE0020698157 
SE0015236286 
NO0012823378 
SE0021016011 
SE0022074480 
NO0013283713 
NO0013304634 
NO0013377937 
SE0023309752 
DK0062344610 
NO0012999889 
SE0018212540 
NO0013000323 
SE0016843221 
DK0062796785 
NO0013282830 
SE0022742714 
SE0023277108 
SE0023311691 
DK0062346078 
SE0020698264 
DK0061004652 
SE0011423607 
SE0021503406 
NO0013244467 
NO0013283465 
SE0022742912 
DK0063279583 
SE0023311766 
DK0062332870 
SE0020698280 
DK0060702058 
SE0017582885 
SE0014822839 
SE0022078788 
DK0062881116 
SE0022742433 
SE0023277587 
SE0023309943 
DK0062340543 
SE0021488285 
DK0061518842 
NO0010824253 
DK0061365087 
NO0013238758 
DK0062876975 
NO0013304584 
SE0023277223 
SE0023311345 
DK0062354411 
SE0021012739 
NO0010896111 
SE0019047093 
SE0017072556 
NO0013244350 
DK0062904504 
SE0022742748 
NO0013378372 
SE0023310958 
DK0062343562 
SE0020697944 
DK0060837573 
SE0021164142 
SE0021001377 
SE0022072385 
DK0062876033 
SE0022743175 
DK0063276563 
SE0023309398 
NO0013039727 
SE0020698009 
SE0014823167 
NO0012482407 
SE0017214794 
SE0022075875 
DK0062889879 
SE0022742722 
NO0013369181 
SE0023311063

--- Page 210 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 210 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062342671 
SE0021507126 
FI4000537386 
SE0017582604 
NO0010794928 
NO0013243949 
DK0062896064 
DK0063065354 
SE0023272422 
SE0023309299 
DK0062334306 
SE0020697506 
SE0011171826 
NO0013044222 
FI4000040225 
DK0062794731 
DK0062877940 
SE0022742961 
SE0023271929 
SE0023311733 
DK0062356382 
SE0021012374 
SE0018554636 
NO0010918774 
NO0012823485 
DK0062793766 
DK0062899837 
SE0023086897 
DK0063272653 
DK0063424346 
DK0062344883 
NO0010901960 
SE0018578049 
SE0017583362 
SE0019032442 
DK0062794814 
DK0062878757 
SE0023087168 
SE0023271176 
SE0023451067 
NO0012999004 
DK0062080537 
FI4000197462 
NO0011140014 
SE0018582900 
DK0062796009 
DK0062883088 
SE0023088281 
SE0023271705 
DK0063426390 
DK0062337754 
SE0015496799 
SE0019356742 
SE0017215338 
DK0061158292 
NO0013209130 
DK0062882510 
SE0023087440 
SE0023271937 
SE0023451455 
SE0017171184 
SE0020367894 
FI4000420468 
SE0018557464 
SE0019039140 
SE0022074837 
DK0062884995 
SE0023088521 
SE0023271507 
SE0023451000 
SE0020977940 
NO0010896319 
SE0009979917 
SE0017074206 
SE0018184723 
NO0013244335 
DK0062894606 
SE0023088513 
DK0063272810 
SE0023451828 
DK0062207544 
NO0010901507 
SE0018579385 
NO0011139610 
SE0020697233 
NO0013244418 
DK0062879995 
SE0023087986 
SE0023271994 
DK0063428768 
SE0017171200 
SE0013924008 
SE0020188621 
FI4000409867 
NO0012824699 
SE0022072336 
DK0062885885 
SE0023087655 
NO0013375964 
DK0063428412 
DK0062207700 
DK0061593381 
NO0010956055 
NO0011139958 
SE0016594204 
SE0022073391 
DK0062876389 
SE0023087960 
SE0023271515 
DK0063423538 
DK0062668356 
SE0019047267 
SE0013933967 
SE0016136352 
SE0021008455 
SE0022072419 
DK0062896221 
DK0063067053 
SE0023271655 
SE0023450549 
DK0062207387 
NO0010901416 
SE0015951330 
NO0011141913 
SE0011170554 
DK0062793683 
NO0013281071 
SE0023087499 
SE0023271135 
SE0023450507 
NO0012911959 
NO0013089953 
FI4000447362 
DK0062670337 
SE0019372640 
NO0013161604 
NO0013243287 
SE0023088489 
SE0023271424 
SE0023451562 
DK0062207627 
SE0014818423 
DK0061357225 
SE0016135693 
SE0019905001 
SE0022073847 
NO0013243311 
SE0023087770 
SE0023264775 
NO0013399196 
SE0021623600 
NO0010900897 
SE0020198356 
SE0021000627 
SE0019374745 
DK0062793923 
NO0013281766 
SE0023087713 
SE0023266549 
NO0013399147 
SE0017171192 
NO0010900954 
SE0009859788 
SE0018207409 
SE0021180866 
SE0022074852 
NO0013282426 
SE0023087028 
SE0023266580 
NO0013393371 
SE0021008687 
DK0061008646 
DK0062650495 
SE0020363000 
DK0060839512 
NO0013244384 
NO0013281121 
SE0023088091 
SE0023264221 
SE0023292297 
SE0017171150 
SE0018573990 
DK0061365400 
SE0016135537 
DK0061999414 
NO0013244442 
NO0013203356 
SE0023087374 
SE0023265400 
NO0013395897 
SE0017169907 
DK0062517223 
SE0017164809 
SE0021160892 
FI4000537477 
SE0022078242 
NO0013243410 
SE0023087002 
SE0023263793 
SE0023292412 
SE0021508025 
SE0019042342 
FI4000537303 
SE0016137574 
SE0021019189 
SE0022077749 
DK0062922597 
SE0023087598 
SE0023265228 
NO0013401166 
NO0012875261 
SE0015939145 
DK0061519147 
SE0016137269 
NO0010903586 
NO0013238790 
SE0022428355 
SE0023090725 
SE0023261920 
SE0023292479 
SE0017167646 
NO0012824509 
DK0060997930 
NO0010898331 
SE0013933926 
SE0022073367 
DK0062921862 
SE0023090709 
SE0023266739 
NO0013396093 
DK0062554184 
SE0014818159 
DK0061365327 
DK0061235389 
SE0016135479 
SE0022072641 
DK0062920708 
SE0023090683 
SE0023263892 
SE0023286463 
SE0018554099 
NO0010900962 
FI4000318597 
SE0016136626 
SE0016135594 
SE0022075883 
DK0062922084 
SE0023089727 
SE0023266606 
NO0013399972 
SE0020694826 
DK0061361177 
DK0060835445 
SE0019364001 
SE0018571051 
NO0013244392 
DK0062922910 
SE0023088828 
SE0023266952 
NO0013400051 
SE0020694941 
NO0010900392 
FI4000205000 
NO0012827882 
SE0021499639 
NO0013244475 
DK0062920468 
DK0063070354 
SE0023264064 
SE0023310693 
SE0020694420 
NO0010902745 
DK0061348232 
SE0020979532 
SE0021490737 
NO0013244459 
DK0062923058 
NO0013340455 
SE0023266861 
SE0023311717 
SE0020696391 
SE0017583669 
DK0060612570 
SE0016137442 
SE0016136014 
NO0013244400 
DK0062922670 
NO0013288704 
NO0013370676 
SE0023311857 
SE0020694115 
NO0010902729 
SE0018185811 
NO0013044511 
SE0016137202 
DK0062802690 
DK0062920898 
DK0063073887 
SE0023269279 
SE0023312129 
SE0020694529 
SE0014818241 
DK0061500477 
SE0016135586 
SE0016136972 
DK0062794061 
DK0062923561 
SE0022742557 
NO0013371203 
SE0023311410 
SE0020695971 
SE0015952023 
SE0018569741 
SE0016136477 
SE0016135511 
DK0062796355 
SE0022428223 
SE0022742821 
SE0023269303 
SE0023311816 
SE0020695674 
SE0016043277 
SE0016131692 
SE0016136360 
SE0018574378 
NO0013161547 
DK0062907010 
SE0022742490 
DK0063264981 
SE0023310859 
SE0021505203 
NO0010900236 
SE0010629865 
SE0016137137 
SE0017583024 
DK0062795548 
DK0062907952 
NO0013304576 
DK0063268115 
DK0063429063 
SE0020694552 
SE0017098882 
SE0021622073 
SE0016136907 
SE0018185506 
DK0062796439 
DK0062877437 
SE0022742466 
SE0023277280 
SE0023450531 
SE0020694123 
SE0021619582 
DK0061364197 
DK0062447694 
SE0016281323 
DK0062806253 
DK0062879649 
SE0022743159 
NO0013345678 
SE0023450184 
SE0020695583 
SE0020365591 
SE0015941448 
SE0016134878 
SE0014433512 
SE0022075008 
DK0062900866 
SE0022742482 
NO0013374405 
SE0023451836 
SE0020694800 
SE0014822847 
FI4000370358 
SE0021622800 
SE0016281364 
DK0062776167 
DK0062887584 
SE0022742953 
DK0063279823 
SE0023451596 
SE0020694222 
NO0010900277 
SE0004446920 
SE0016135966 
DK0061888773 
SE0022068086 
DK0062895843 
SE0022742607 
DK0063290390 
SE0023450846 
SE0020696573 
NO0010898430 
SE0017589500 
NO0012822909 
SE0019356221 
SE0022068219 
NO0013239699 
SE0022742706 
NO0013344796 
DK0063425236 
SE0021004157 
SE0016789127 
SE0016280747 
SE0020361780 
SE0016128268 
SE0022068631 
DK0062884565 
SE0022742599 
SE0023277652 
SE0023450358 
SE0021004272 
SE0015226378 
DK0061496932 
SE0014431953 
SE0016048631 
SE0022068128 
DK0062903613 
SE0022743209 
SE0023277827 
SE0023450945 
NO0013046581 
NO0013088906 
DK0061502333 
NO0010918378 
SE0021160017 
SE0022068185 
DK0062900007 
NO0013287508 
SE0023277389 
SE0023450465 
SE0021004256 
DK0061170073 
SE0018583247 
DK0060884658 
NO0012977596 
SE0022068714 
DK0062899910 
SE0022742250 
NO0013348177 
DK0063430749 
NO0013046524 
NO0012763186 
DK0061497823 
DK0062059093 
SE0016128862 
SE0022068144 
DK0062872123 
SE0022742805 
NO0013377804 
NO0013398743 
NO0013046151 
SE0020697159 
SE0015941547 
SE0019892456 
DK0062446027 
SE0022068730 
DK0062894796 
SE0022742730 
NO0013374215 
NO0013397034 
NO0013041665 
SE0014822102 
DK0061500634 
SE0017099088 
SE0020990943 
SE0022068243 
DK0062900270 
NO0013287516 
SE0023271283 
SE0023292461 
SE0021153509 
NO0013158352 
DK0061495611 
NO0010898356 
SE0020199446 
SE0022068193 
DK0062894366 
SE0022743183 
SE0023272356 
SE0023292321 
SE0021004165 
SE0016134142 
SE0016041362 
SE0018205551 
SE0016136311 
SE0022068151 
DK0062878591 
DK0063067210 
SE0023272745 
NO0013395483 
NO0013082636 
DK0061208063 
SE0013916798 
SE0018573479 
SE0016128557 
SE0022069084 
DK0062902136 
SE0023087325 
NO0013375766 
NO0013400903 
DK0062331716 
SE0020682219 
DK0061495298 
NO0013123976 
DK0062433397 
SE0022068581 
DK0062904421 
SE0023087879 
DK0063272307 
SE0023292487 
DK0062334736 
SE0014821062 
DK0061502416 
SE0015495320 
SE0016136741 
NO0013209098 
DK0062883401 
SE0023087283 
DK0063272224 
NO0013395996

--- Page 211 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 211 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062343059 
SE0004580389 
NO0010897598 
SE0019068321 
SE0016136527 
DK0062797163 
DK0062886263 
SE0023088406 
SE0023271085 
NO0013398453 
DK0062336434 
NO0013042663 
DK0061494051 
SE0017215049 
SE0013119286 
NO0013161554 
DK0062890968 
SE0023087648 
NO0013374629 
NO0013401182 
DK0062336277 
FI4000444138 
DK0061497906 
NO0012910365 
SE0016135883 
DK0062796868 
DK0062896734 
SE0023087549 
SE0023271481 
SE0023309612 
DK0062340113 
SE0014823787 
FI4000266135 
SE0019046905 
SE0016136220 
DK0062795704 
DK0062882940 
SE0023087226 
DK0063272497 
SE0023309489 
DK0062338133 
SE0014822557 
SE0016279327 
SE0020198463 
SE0017213846 
NO0013209122 
NO0013246819 
SE0023088398 
SE0023272018 
SE0023311840 
DK0062354171 
SE0019042128 
SE0015668967 
DK0061789443 
DK0061767043 
NO0013209148 
NO0013282905 
SE0023087333 
SE0023272489 
SE0023309703 
SE0021734332 
SE0014820718 
NO0012995713 
SE0017214802 
SE0016137350 
DK0062794301 
NO0013282855 
SE0023086772 
SE0023271598 
SE0023310834 
DK0062331989 
SE0015938980 
SE0013919362 
DK0061610144 
SE0016136469 
SE0022075180 
NO0013243253 
SE0023087069 
SE0023272091 
SE0023309927 
DK0062336517 
DK0061516556 
SE0021007721 
DK0062337242 
SE0019892506 
SE0022074985 
NO0013282368 
SE0023087705 
SE0023266838 
SE0023310990 
DK0062336350 
NO0010900301 
DK0060885382 
SE0020199453 
SE0018185175 
SE0022068078 
NO0013243212 
SE0023087457 
SE0023264122 
SE0023445713 
SE0021618816 
SE0015958434 
SE0019898420 
SE0017078942 
SE0019046202 
SE0022068177 
NO0013281063 
SE0023092085 
SE0023266804 
SE0023446562 
DK0062350690 
SE0014818399 
SE0017090616 
SE0017080567 
DK0060998078 
SE0022069092 
NO0013282475 
SE0023092416 
SE0023265160 
SE0023445887 
DK0062354254 
SE0020698223 
NO0010777360 
SE0017161821 
NO0010913007 
SE0022068169 
NO0013283333 
SE0023091889 
SE0023263926 
SE0023445523 
NO0013000034 
SE0020377414 
SE0009860364 
SE0019046699 
SE0020377901 
SE0022068110 
NO0013246637 
SE0023092465 
SE0023267596 
SE0023446190 
NO0012996539 
SE0020377059 
SE0018184707 
DK0061622743 
NO0013089649 
SE0022068565 
NO0013243170 
NO0013349282 
SE0023266366 
SE0023445010 
DK0062343646 
SE0020380947 
SE0011170497 
DK0061496502 
SE0017073281 
SE0022068573 
NO0013243675 
SE0023092077 
SE0023264981 
DK0063405048 
DK0062357273 
SE0020380129 
SE0014809141 
DK0061621349 
SE0021153665 
SE0022068227 
NO0013282483 
DK0063082367 
SE0023261888 
SE0023445648 
DK0062331203 
SE0020380574 
SE0017090236 
SE0016135834 
SE0021154408 
SE0022068201 
NO0013282293 
SE0023092432 
SE0023264619 
SE0023445788 
DK0062338646 
SE0020377950 
SE0020361798 
SE0016136709 
SE0019359175 
SE0022068102 
SE0022428249 
SE0023092929 
SE0023263827 
DK0063403779 
DK0062346151 
SE0020377562 
SE0006341384 
SE0018569089 
SE0020194637 
SE0022068094 
SE0022428256 
SE0023092614 
SE0023265269 
SE0023445861 
SE0021505443 
SE0020377232 
NO0010918816 
SE0016137327 
NO0011038333 
SE0022074860 
DK0062924106 
NO0013348888 
SE0023267570 
DK0063406798 
DK0062350930 
SE0020377091 
SE0018179095 
SE0016136733 
NO0012997354 
DK0062793410 
SE0022428439 
SE0023091962 
SE0023264163 
SE0023292529 
DK0062353603 
SE0020377828 
SE0014813507 
SE0016279350 
SE0018171506 
NO0013161588 
SE0022428199 
SE0023089248 
SE0023267513 
NO0013399279 
DK0062323614 
SE0020377380 
FI4000197389 
SE0020362457 
SE0021622602 
NO0013161562 
DK0062921003 
DK0063078258 
DK0063261102 
SE0023292339 
SE0020976504 
SE0021506128 
NO0010900707 
SE0019355827 
DK0061895984 
DK0062807491 
DK0062921789 
DK0063080312 
SE0023270160 
NO0013394296 
DK0062320867 
SE0020378859 
SE0015226402 
SE0016279624 
SE0021619285 
DK0062807228 
DK0062922407 
DK0063070867 
DK0063270285 
NO0013400911 
SE0020976108 
NO0013042242 
SE0011170489 
FI4000445507 
SE0019372350 
DK0062794574 
SE0022428264 
NO0013349266 
DK0063271259 
SE0023286521 
DK0062322996 
SE0020376556 
SE0009861297 
SE0016279392 
SE0021621943 
SE0022075925 
DK0062923132 
NO0013304600 
NO0013376566 
SE0023292420 
DK0062323457 
SE0020377869 
SE0009861438 
FI4000442629 
SE0019372970 
DK0062803664 
DK0062881033 
SE0022742771 
NO0013378083 
NO0013394148 
DK0062325825 
SE0020376960 
SE0018538399 
SE0016279434 
SE0021152949 
DK0062680484 
DK0062880308 
SE0022742276 
DK0063292172 
NO0013398917 
SE0020976090 
SE0020377505 
DK0061564523 
DK0062420576 
SE0019372939 
NO0013161596 
DK0062881389 
SE0022742987 
NO0013349530 
SE0023292511 
DK0062320784 
NO0010896277 
SE0021507415 
SE0016278782 
SE0021617446 
DK0062794228 
DK0062883831 
NO0013287482 
SE0023277041 
SE0023292214 
SE0018553448 
NO0010896343 
DK0061419439 
SE0019370362 
SE0019372806 
DK0062796272 
DK0062889440 
SE0022742300 
SE0023279484 
SE0023292503 
SE0018553505 
SE0017577703 
FI4000197488 
SE0016279475 
SE0019372566 
DK0062797080 
DK0062898516 
NO0013304618 
DK0063275169 
NO0013399576 
SE0018553927 
SE0019371691 
SE0015490230 
SE0016279517 
NO0011132797 
NO0013209114 
DK0062901914 
SE0022743001 
SE0023277660 
NO0013395244 
SE0018554214 
NO0010896301 
NO0010901358 
SE0016279822 
DK0060835957 
NO0013209080 
DK0062899407 
SE0022742524 
DK0063284237 
SE0023310636 
SE0018552762 
NO0010901994 
FI4000316377 
NO0012608308 
DK0061952371 
DK0062794491 
DK0062905667 
SE0022742508 
SE0023277421 
SE0023310545 
SE0021014727 
SE0020378891 
SE0013529799 
DK0062355731 
SE0021014156 
NO0013161406 
DK0062888475 
SE0022742425 
SE0023276977 
SE0023310933 
DK0062178778 
SE0020377646 
SE0018556953 
SE0012313849 
SE0019053398 
SE0022071924 
DK0062897039 
SE0022743126 
NO0013347864 
SE0023310909 
DK0062643607 
NO0010896756 
SE0020384436 
SE0020694024 
NO0012874280 
SE0022071585 
DK0062887824 
NO0013287474 
SE0023277645 
SE0023309836 
NO0012997073 
SE0021509536 
DK0060846210 
SE0016280697 
SE0019053281 
SE0022070850 
DK0062907523 
SE0022742532 
SE0023272455 
SE0023312111 
SE0018553349 
SE0021015781 
SE0009859739 
SE0016280796 
NO0012608209 
NO0013161307 
DK0062881462 
SE0022742284 
SE0023272182 
SE0023311253 
NO0012873944 
SE0019371600 
SE0011169887 
NO0012762469 
SE0014818688 
NO0013208173 
DK0062908257 
SE0022742763 
SE0023272406 
SE0023311725 
NO0012874777 
SE0021621950 
DK0061655750 
SE0016280762 
NO0012608183 
NO0013160648 
DK0062905154 
SE0023089909 
SE0023271077 
SE0023311808 
SE0016039051 
NO0010900038 
DK0060842730 
SE0016280853 
SE0016280614 
SE0022067195 
DK0062894952 
NO0013288738 
SE0023271473 
SE0023303698 
SE0020979490 
SE0011170745 
SE0019372723 
SE0016281018 
SE0016280713 
SE0022078994 
DK0062907283 
NO0013343517 
DK0063273974 
DK0063350392 
SE0021004215 
SE0021734241 
SE0019047218 
NO0012998683 
SE0016280754 
SE0022074845 
DK0062896650 
SE0023089552 
SE0023271275 
SE0023303664 
SE0021004389 
SE0019374570 
SE0017076227 
SE0016281125 
SE0021511193 
DK0062796512 
NO0013246280 
DK0063081476 
SE0023272315 
SE0023303730 
NO0013040824 
SE0020386415 
SE0021511268 
DK0062639332 
SE0016280879 
NO0013208645 
DK0062892071 
DK0063082011 
SE0023272273 
SE0023303904 
NO0013046391 
NO0010896558 
SE0015667308 
SE0016281190 
SE0016280937 
SE0022071031 
DK0062903373 
SE0023092515 
NO0013375923 
NO0013399956 
NO0013040857 
NO0012847344 
SE0021621455 
SE0017216120 
SE0020373785 
NO0013161315 
DK0062907796 
SE0023093109 
SE0023271200 
NO0013394056 
SE0021004967 
NO0010913965 
NO0010796857 
SE0016281216 
SE0016281026 
SE0022072021 
DK0062880654 
SE0023092002 
SE0023271580 
SE0023303763

--- Page 212 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 212 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021004876 
DK0062074050 
DK0061619285 
SE0014823191 
SE0018551582 
NO0013208652 
NO0013239624 
SE0023092093 
SE0023271622 
SE0023303896 
SE0021004397 
SE0021008554 
SE0009860380 
SE0016281281 
NO0012823196 
NO0013161240 
DK0062887071 
SE0023092101 
SE0023272174 
SE0023304027 
DK0062379087 
NO0010898570 
DK0061794526 
SE0016281372 
SE0015667225 
NO0013161349 
DK0062903456 
SE0023092887 
SE0023272448 
SE0023303995 
DK0062389391 
SE0020976124 
SE0010128504 
SE0016280564 
DK0061217130 
SE0022070785 
DK0062890455 
SE0023089578 
SE0023271192 
NO0013395350 
DK0062390563 
SE0015485446 
SE0014824082 
SE0016280630 
SE0016281000 
DK0062791984 
DK0062876546 
NO0013341966 
SE0023271523 
NO0013396010 
SE0021157633 
SE0021003613 
DK0061092251 
SE0021016003 
SE0016281067 
NO0013244020 
DK0062883591 
DK0063081559 
SE0023268776 
DK0063350558 
DK0062373478 
SE0020188340 
DK0061483872 
DK0061595915 
NO0012544925 
SE0022075867 
DK0062902565 
SE0023089917 
SE0023265863 
SE0023303755 
DK0062651972 
SE0018561656 
DK0060613701 
SE0019057688 
NO0012727314 
NO0013238485 
DK0062880225 
DK0063072640 
SE0023263850 
SE0023446018 
NO0013047498 
FI4000316559 
NO0012827916 
SE0017216070 
SE0021624335 
SE0022077426 
DK0062895769 
SE0023088901 
SE0023266457 
SE0023445150 
NO0012999954 
SE0014825030 
NO0013153825 
SE0021014842 
SE0016796874 
NO0013238774 
NO0013282947 
SE0022742318 
SE0023265681 
SE0023445739 
NO0012996877 
SE0018567273 
NO0010794134 
DK0060864114 
SE0019364159 
NO0013244426 
NO0013242958 
DK0063065271 
SE0023264965 
SE0023446091 
NO0012999715 
SE0021008828 
SE0015957857 
SE0017216401 
SE0016795967 
NO0013244343 
NO0013283358 
SE0022742565 
SE0023265202 
SE0023446588 
SE0021160843 
NO0010899099 
NO0010903362 
DK0062678157 
SE0016136261 
DK0062793337 
NO0013282285 
SE0022742870 
SE0023264106 
SE0023445705 
NO0013000422 
SE0017075757 
DK0061494218 
SE0017576689 
SE0021007853 
DK0062794145 
NO0013243709 
SE0022742680 
SE0023263983 
SE0023446455 
NO0013000026 
SE0017204696 
NO0013153254 
NO0010897234 
SE0016136196 
DK0062793840 
NO0013243600 
NO0013287532 
SE0023264809 
SE0023445572 
DK0062323374 
SE0021625100 
SE0017600794 
SE0017576606 
SE0016137475 
DK0062797247 
NO0013282400 
SE0022742623 
SE0023266200 
SE0023445317 
SE0020976017 
DK0061363116 
SE0021156031 
DK0061107703 
SE0016136501 
NO0013161570 
NO0013282533 
DK0063065784 
SE0023265046 
SE0023445259 
DK0062326120 
DK0061949583 
NO0012427766 
SE0017580814 
NO0010908551 
NO0013161539 
NO0013282103 
SE0022742862 
SE0023264767 
SE0023445937 
DK0062376570 
DK0061360799 
SE0015489299 
SE0021154812 
SE0017078702 
NO0013209072 
NO0013283093 
SE0022742839 
SE0023265327 
DK0063404157 
DK0062321832 
NO0010898463 
SE0019058520 
SE0021620044 
NO0010976442 
DK0062795977 
NO0013281956 
SE0022742755 
SE0023265244 
SE0023445051 
DK0062321675 
SE0019046707 
SE0015486782 
SE0021014354 
SE0017569296 
NO0013208660 
NO0013281048 
SE0022742888 
SE0023266291 
SE0023445143 
SE0020976421 
NO0010918709 
SE0018184814 
NO0012998048 
SE0016137517 
NO0013208777 
NO0013203398 
DK0063065438 
SE0023267000 
DK0063405204 
SE0020976702 
SE0015945944 
SE0015489380 
SE0017576739 
SE0016278543 
NO0013161257 
NO0013281964 
SE0022742383 
DK0063266689 
SE0023445721 
NO0012975640 
NO0010906878 
SE0015488986 
SE0017576184 
SE0016279194 
NO0013208751 
NO0013284166 
NO0013287524 
NO0013375907 
NO0013394726 
SE0020976082 
SE0009859994 
SE0021504289 
SE0021511987 
SE0021502507 
SE0022070942 
DK0062921193 
SE0022742342 
SE0023269311 
SE0023286430 
SE0021506466 
NO0012826991 
SE0021014248 
SE0017576614 
SE0016279798 
NO0013161265 
DK0062923645 
SE0022742540 
SE0023269238 
SE0023292438 
SE0020976165 
NO0010898620 
SE0017093156 
DK0061732419 
SE0016598593 
NO0013161364 
DK0062920971 
SE0023089305 
NO0013376335 
SE0023292495 
DK0062325312 
SE0014439816 
SE0015487608 
SE0017081813 
SE0016598650 
NO0013208769 
SE0022428207 
NO0013342279 
NO0013347823 
SE0023292446 
SE0020976025 
NO0010899297 
NO0012744186 
SE0019039124 
NO0012823253 
SE0022070926 
SE0022428215 
SE0023088927 
DK0063275672 
NO0013400762 
DK0062326203 
SE0021008125 
SE0019368051 
DK0061620887 
SE0016279145 
SE0022071429 
DK0062921276 
DK0063079652 
DK0063291364 
NO0013394288 
SE0021624681 
DK0061595162 
NO0012976804 
NO0010901556 
SE0016598577 
DK0062796199 
SE0022428165 
SE0023089040 
NO0013348649 
NO0013400796 
SE0021500022 
DK0062633483 
SE0016278592 
SE0017081771 
SE0016598098 
DK0062794657 
SE0022428231 
SE0023089255 
DK0063290127 
NO0013396192 
SE0020976710 
SE0014826095 
SE0015497524 
NO0012740374 
SE0017215882 
DK0062796942 
NO0013283267 
SE0023089032 
SE0023277165 
NO0013394171 
SE0020377976 
NO0010899966 
SE0020994937 
SE0009981962 
SE0017085970 
DK0062795035 
DK0062883161 
NO0013288043 
NO0013350439 
NO0013395491 
SE0020979383 
SE0014820502 
SE0017215130 
SE0014818191 
SE0018573339 
SE0022075651 
NO0013239707 
DK0063082524 
SE0023277066 
SE0023292354 
SE0020380558 
DK0061357654 
SE0017226079 
SE0017214208 
NO0011038341 
DK0062797916 
DK0062886933 
SE0023092457 
NO0013376707 
SE0023309315 
SE0021013828 
SE0016796882 
SE0019045626 
SE0021504529 
SE0015667233 
NO0013238642 
DK0062879052 
NO0013346510 
DK0063275409 
SE0023309802 
SE0020377216 
DK0061367372 
NO0010884208 
FI4000318803 
FI4000166558 
SE0022076683 
DK0062906558 
SE0023092382 
SE0023277579 
SE0023309216 
SE0020377075 
SE0021498862 
SE0021002599 
SE0017221625 
SE0019370305 
NO0013238725 
DK0062880068 
SE0023092036 
SE0023277504 
SE0023309778 
SE0021489861 
SE0016135875 
NO0010976673 
SE0016837124 
SE0016134381 
SE0022077053 
DK0062890372 
SE0023086913 
SE0023277330 
SE0023310560 
SE0020378073 
NO0010899933 
SE0017568603 
SE0017213861 
SE0020695013 
DK0062798054 
DK0062875142 
SE0023088273 
SE0023272752 
SE0023312079 
SE0020192227 
NO0012727322 
SE0021499613 
SE0009859671 
SE0014819660 
SE0022076691 
DK0062903886 
SE0023087820 
SE0023271069 
SE0023312004 
SE0020388288 
SE0016136675 
FI4000047527 
SE0016279590 
SE0004446441 
DK0062798724 
DK0062888558 
SE0023086962 
SE0023271234 
SE0023304019 
SE0016039044 
NO0010899040 
NO0012827189 
NO0012584913 
SE0016278725 
SE0022076956 
DK0062909222 
DK0063067137 
SE0023271879 
SE0023303987 
NO0010896145 
FI4000492673 
SE0009892870 
SE0020383875 
SE0016279491 
SE0022071734 
DK0062900353 
SE0023087382 
NO0013373357 
NO0013394262 
SE0015959077 
SE0020377026 
SE0010141119 
SE0016279871 
SE0016278840 
SE0022070934 
DK0062907606 
SE0023087291 
SE0023272026 
NO0013398644 
SE0020377125 
DK0062447850 
NO0010904337 
SE0021007093 
SE0016280036 
NO0013208678 
DK0062895330 
SE0023087952 
SE0023272471 
SE0023303821 
SE0015959770 
SE0020990885 
SE0016280002 
SE0016281349 
DK0060836336 
NO0013208686 
DK0062898862 
SE0023088224 
SE0023271358 
SE0023304316 
NO0013122788 
SE0020990232 
SE0016278600 
NO0013083857 
SE0016279095 
NO0013208710 
DK0062891263 
SE0023088463 
SE0023271416 
SE0023303649 
SE0015959069 
SE0020989879 
SE0019058504 
DK0061589199 
DK0062227658 
SE0022070892 
DK0062896577 
SE0023086871 
SE0023271457 
SE0023303789 
SE0021006871 
SE0020989820 
NO0010794886 
SE0021732963 
SE0016279111 
NO0013161273 
NO0013246314 
SE0023087739 
DK0063273891 
SE0023304308 
DK0062353876 
NO0013039784 
DK0060665933 
DK0061588381 
FI4000447370 
NO0013208637 
DK0062903100 
SE0023087119 
SE0023272075 
SE0023303847

--- Page 213 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 213 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0015959556 
SE0020989101 
DK0061441797 
DK0061590874 
SE0021008646 
NO0013208629 
DK0062888129 
SE0023088554 
SE0023271754 
SE0023304050 
SE0014822367 
SE0020987089 
DK0061108941 
DK0061589942 
DK0061951993 
SE0022071452 
DK0062891347 
SE0023088109 
SE0023271150 
SE0023303771 
DK0061014537 
NO0010896640 
DK0061105178 
SE0020995447 
DK0062287470 
SE0022070900 
DK0062889606 
SE0023086764 
NO0013368712 
SE0023303946 
SE0021017993 
NO0012657719 
SE0019069634 
DK0061500980 
NO0012740358 
NO0013208702 
DK0062887311 
SE0022742359 
SE0023271721 
NO0013396069 
SE0021158219 
DK0061361417 
FI4000392584 
NO0010796311 
SE0019053596 
SE0022070959 
SE0022426748 
SE0022746608 
NO0013377770 
SE0023303656 
SE0020188027 
NO0010906233 
DK0060998664 
DK0061756947 
DK0061003092 
SE0022075859 
DK0062898433 
SE0022746335 
SE0023266515 
SE0023303953 
SE0020188597 
SE0014825899 
FI4000253398 
SE0016790760 
SE0019046848 
SE0022070231 
DK0062907879 
SE0022746764 
SE0023267018 
SE0023445200 
DK0062376810 
DK0062670766 
SE0013920089 
SE0014827127 
DK0061953429 
NO0013238691 
DK0062906475 
SE0022746681 
SE0023264627 
SE0023446448 
DK0062382974 
NO0013001073 
NO0013089664 
SE0016281034 
NO0012912510 
SE0022076733 
DK0062909305 
SE0022746673 
SE0023267125 
SE0023445895 
DK0062384327 
DK0061361094 
SE0011170208 
SE0018184624 
DK0061949666 
SE0022076725 
NO0013246199 
SE0022744157 
SE0023264460 
SE0023445556 
SE0021615838 
SE0015670278 
SE0021509502 
DK0061596053 
SE0017072903 
NO0013238709 
DK0062886693 
SE0022745006 
SE0023263652 
SE0023445986 
DK0062387692 
FI4000252804 
SE0021014560 
DK0062342911 
DK0062080453 
DK0062797320 
DK0062884052 
DK0063071915 
SE0023264346 
SE0023444914 
DK0062390647 
SE0018562613 
SE0020380921 
NO0011100851 
DK0060998821 
NO0013238717 
DK0062886503 
SE0023089875 
SE0023265277 
SE0023445028 
DK0062386538 
SE0015490156 
NO0010906241 
NO0010901069 
SE0009859481 
SE0022077079 
DK0062879722 
DK0063080239 
SE0023267208 
SE0023445424 
SE0021502655 
SE0020696094 
FI4000492681 
SE0016791040 
SE0019029695 
DK0062797593 
DK0062906988 
DK0063078175 
SE0023262522 
SE0023446604 
DK0062379913 
SE0019901240 
DK0061367968 
NO0011141731 
SE0017596166 
NO0013238634 
NO0013239632 
SE0023089065 
SE0023270103 
SE0023445234 
DK0062381141 
DK0061361920 
SE0016280689 
SE0013927282 
SE0019030172 
SE0022075628 
DK0062902805 
NO0013340703 
SE0023270871 
DK0063406442 
DK0062376224 
DK0061443736 
SE0011169010 
NO0011100828 
SE0010128678 
SE0022075636 
NO0013203869 
NO0013346288 
DK0063268461 
SE0023445176 
DK0062389557 
NO0010906662 
NO0012726332 
SE0017214091 
DK0062061826 
DK0062798138 
SE0022429858 
NO0013346387 
DK0063261458 
DK0063403340 
SE0020978666 
DK0061629243 
DK0061005899 
NO0010976509 
SE0016796072 
SE0022076741 
DK0062924536 
SE0023092010 
SE0023270301 
SE0023445275 
SE0020978344 
DK0060858140 
SE0019051277 
DK0060836765 
SE0016835029 
SE0022070918 
NO0013284190 
DK0063082284 
DK0063266416 
NO0013400804 
SE0020979896 
FI4000464235 
SE0021008638 
SE0019042466 
DK0061596210 
NO0013161380 
SE0022429767 
SE0023092812 
SE0023277843 
NO0013398735 
SE0020979961 
SE0015224076 
DK0061932936 
SE0021012325 
SE0017164866 
NO0013161323 
NO0013203810 
SE0023092044 
SE0023278783 
NO0013395236 
NO0012977620 
DK0062620902 
FI4000231055 
SE0020687051 
DK0061297736 
SE0022070835 
NO0013243394 
SE0023087192 
DK0063278262 
SE0023292172 
DK0062641742 
NO0010976756 
DK0061447729 
SE0015233523 
SE0016835334 
NO0013161398 
NO0013243592 
SE0023086921 
SE0023277629 
SE0023292347 
NO0012975558 
DK0060937878 
FI4000425301 
SE0021174471 
SE0014449500 
SE0022071619 
NO0013282459 
SE0023088414 
DK0063290713 
SE0023292081 
NO0012977455 
SE0016047914 
SE0017602089 
NO0011022618 
SE0016835169 
SE0022071791 
NO0013282376 
SE0023087697 
SE0023277397 
NO0013398776 
NO0012977539 
FI4000462270 
NO0010896020 
SE0017576580 
SE0016834535 
NO0013161331 
NO0013282863 
SE0023087234 
DK0063279740 
SE0023292453 
NO0012975467 
SE0015227897 
SE0011170257 
NO0010897820 
DK0061903408 
SE0022071015 
NO0013282236 
SE0023087143 
NO0013345413 
SE0023311980 
NO0012975707 
SE0021014743 
NO0010825433 
DK0061732336 
SE0016047922 
DK0062790077 
NO0013246777 
SE0023088505 
SE0023277967 
SE0023310719 
NO0012977521 
DK0062292207 
SE0020197812 
DK0061297819 
NO0011141715 
DK0062788766 
NO0013282665 
SE0023087473 
SE0023276969 
SE0023310792 
SE0020680759 
NO0010795867 
SE0012959344 
SE0017614720 
SE0016048151 
DK0062787446 
NO0013283564 
SE0023087317 
SE0023277850 
SE0023311188 
SE0020376069 
SE0014823662 
NO0011132789 
SE0017076045 
SE0016047138 
DK0062787529 
NO0013243568 
SE0023087762 
DK0063281480 
SE0023309786 
SE0020679314 
SE0015226725 
SE0021151313 
SE0017076144 
SE0015951561 
DK0062782645 
NO0013243683 
SE0023086905 
SE0023271259 
SE0023311394 
SE0020376093 
NO0010899420 
SE0021005451 
SE0019048075 
SE0016598643 
SE0022069936 
NO0013243402 
SE0023088034 
SE0023271101 
SE0023310594 
SE0021621620 
NO0010898471 
SE0017608284 
SE0020365146 
SE0017089246 
SE0022070660 
NO0013281998 
SE0023087788 
SE0023271531 
SE0023311030 
SE0020680114 
NO0010898588 
SE0004446490 
SE0020199560 
NO0012553421 
SE0022069670 
NO0013243071 
SE0023087135 
SE0023271440 
SE0023310321 
SE0020376986 
SE0014818639 
SE0020978336 
NO0010901382 
SE0021014420 
NO0013244327 
NO0013283192 
DK0063067483 
SE0023271408 
SE0023309562 
SE0020377117 
SE0011423805 
FI4000231063 
DK0061329950 
SE0021003670 
SE0022076980 
DK0062903969 
SE0023088497 
NO0013371872 
SE0023304092 
SE0020377299 
SE0021014628 
SE0013932985 
SE0017078264 
NO0010908536 
SE0022076667 
DK0062904850 
SE0023087838 
SE0023272232 
SE0023303870 
SE0020380145 
NO0010898273 
SE0015236393 
NO0012997214 
SE0016598767 
SE0022076709 
DK0062897385 
SE0023087390 
SE0023272299 
NO0013394387 
SE0020377364 
SE0015941497 
SE0015236294 
SE0017078231 
SE0011170109 
SE0022076659 
DK0062878401 
SE0023086780 
SE0023272331 
SE0023303839 
SE0020377166 
DK0062138392 
SE0020361756 
SE0018574121 
SE0021012911 
SE0022075644 
DK0062888632 
SE0022744801 
SE0023272083 
SE0023303938 
SE0020378875 
NO0010897051 
SE0016042105 
SE0018559163 
SE0017569049 
SE0022077061 
DK0062901328 
SE0022744926 
SE0023128723 
SE0023304084 
SE0020379329 
FI4000253331 
DK0061604683 
SE0020694370 
NO0012845835 
SE0022076790 
DK0062884136 
SE0022744702 
SE0023128251 
NO0013396713 
DK0062645818 
SE0014820585 
SE0015236484 
SE0014820494 
SE0018588147 
DK0062797676 
DK0062885026 
SE0022744579 
SE0023270095 
SE0023304159 
SE0021153699 
SE0020381556 
SE0009979958 
NO0010828973 
NO0012911876 
NO0013238659 
DK0062900437 
SE0022744991 
SE0023269337 
SE0023303748 
SE0020994085 
SE0015236302 
SE0019051772 
SE0016838387 
SE0016281380 
SE0022076774 
NO0013239640 
SE0023089867 
SE0023269253 
SE0023304076 
SE0021015989 
DK0062446969 
SE0021171733 
DK0062343802 
DK0061952454 
DK0062798567 
DK0062896304 
DK0063074349 
DK0063261888 
SE0023303912 
DK0062399358 
DK0062386298 
SE0015236583 
SE0021006459 
SE0016837868 
SE0022076675 
DK0062899753 
DK0063078761 
NO0013372292 
SE0023303979 
SE0020994010 
SE0020362531 
SE0017074248 
NO0012726498 
SE0017076060 
SE0022076824 
DK0062906715 
NO0013342089 
SE0023277256 
DK0063406012 
DK0062399002 
SE0014447751 
NO0012763384 
SE0020361947 
SE0018587271 
SE0022076717 
NO0013239723 
DK0063069505 
NO0013377903 
DK0063402615

--- Page 214 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 214 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020994028 
SE0015946009 
SE0015236369 
DK0061613247 
SE0016840193 
SE0022075610 
DK0062889796 
DK0063081047 
SE0023277488 
SE0023444963 
SE0020994051 
NO0010897788 
SE0015667373 
SE0017086242 
SE0016279897 
SE0022070843 
DK0062898946 
SE0023089743 
SE0023277694 
SE0023445473 
SE0020187771 
NO0010908817 
SE0020199727 
DK0061732682 
DK0061170313 
SE0022070967 
DK0062902219 
DK0063068531 
SE0023277074 
SE0023446596 
SE0020189132 
NO0010897085 
NO0010976368 
DK0061589009 
SE0018540718 
NO0013161356 
DK0062876116 
SE0023093091 
NO0013376251 
SE0023445168 
SE0020188886 
FI4000497003 
DK0062073839 
DK0061588621 
SE0016278451 
SE0022071437 
DK0062904348 
SE0023092648 
DK0063278858 
DK0063404314 
SE0021014297 
SE0020988178 
SE0015236948 
DK0061588118 
NO0012727934 
SE0022070991 
DK0062906632 
SE0023092119 
NO0013347732 
SE0023445267 
SE0020187946 
SE0020985273 
SE0021011400 
DK0061594009 
DK0061518925 
SE0022070868 
SE0022427076 
SE0022746988 
DK0063275326 
SE0023445358 
SE0020188969 
NO0013003582 
FI4000042890 
SE0017206188 
SE0016279152 
NO0013208736 
DK0062897112 
SE0022743647 
SE0023277314 
SE0023446158 
SE0020188472 
NO0012999129 
SE0021621737 
SE0021000734 
NO0013153718 
DK0062790820 
SE0022429460 
SE0022744850 
SE0023277157 
SE0023445770 
SE0020188191 
NO0013044958 
DK0062386025 
SE0018573065 
SE0016279962 
SE0022069910 
NO0013283291 
SE0022744843 
SE0023271549 
DK0063404900 
SE0020188761 
NO0012997131 
SE0018577256 
SE0020187938 
FI4000318555 
SE0022069894 
NO0013281931 
SE0022746699 
SE0023272240 
SE0023311774 
SE0020188316 
NO0012997487 
DK0061388618 
SE0017576648 
SE0016279178 
SE0022076055 
NO0013282913 
SE0022746715 
SE0023271291 
SE0023311097 
SE0020189090 
SE0021016854 
SE0020981025 
DK0061593118 
SE0016278527 
NO0013238733 
NO0013243576 
SE0022746749 
SE0023272372 
SE0023311758 
SE0020188159 
NO0012997768 
FI4000256706 
NO0010902331 
SE0018572661 
SE0022076832 
NO0013243048 
SE0022747069 
SE0023271226 
SE0023310065 
SE0020188399 
NO0013001503 
NO0011141889 
SE0019045964 
DK0061581618 
SE0022077046 
NO0013281147 
SE0022744868 
SE0023272539 
SE0023311162 
SE0020188076 
NO0013001446 
SE0015670336 
NO0010906670 
SE0020696375 
SE0022076642 
NO0013283457 
SE0022744884 
SE0023271606 
SE0023311139 
SE0020188688 
NO0012997313 
SE0012315133 
SE0017075534 
DK0061579208 
SE0022076782 
NO0013281097 
SE0022746806 
SE0023271333 
SE0023310651 
SE0020188647 
DK0062648911 
SE0016042337 
NO0012974031 
SE0017075849 
NO0013238667 
NO0013282640 
SE0022744967 
SE0023272034 
SE0023311899 
SE0020188035 
SE0021014107 
DK0061329448 
SE0019058686 
SE0021511714 
SE0022077137 
SE0022430096 
DK0063071329 
NO0013375329 
SE0023309430 
NO0013122796 
NO0013000752 
DK0060703106 
SE0017075377 
SE0019067695 
DK0062797403 
NO0013203836 
DK0063072210 
SE0023272265 
SE0023309364 
SE0020188274 
NO0012998105 
DK0060833820 
SE0017074842 
NO0013130617 
NO0013244319 
DK0062926150 
NO0013345181 
NO0013372383 
SE0023303920 
SE0020188720 
NO0013130310 
DK0062342242 
SE0021154861 
DK0061577939 
DK0062798641 
SE0022430278 
SE0023088984 
NO0013368449 
SE0023303714 
SE0020189058 
FI4000455167 
SE0011168459 
SE0020194223 
DK0061577186 
NO0013238626 
NO0013283184 
NO0013343384 
SE0023271713 
SE0023304035 
SE0020188118 
SE0014818753 
SE0019054610 
SE0017075526 
NO0012823444 
SE0022076972 
NO0013283119 
SE0023091798 
NO0013378042 
SE0023303672 
SE0020188589 
SE0014818381 
NO0010901200 
SE0017074917 
DK0061582699 
NO0013238741 
NO0013282095 
SE0023092127 
SE0023128269 
SE0023304001 
SE0020187979 
SE0021502242 
SE0020199701 
DK0062661930 
FI4000459524 
NO0013208728 
NO0013281139 
SE0023093083 
SE0023129176 
SE0023303680 
SE0020189207 
NO0010900327 
SE0014826699 
FI4000231089 
DK0061876091 
SE0022071908 
NO0013281055 
SE0023092978 
NO0013374173 
SE0023303805 
SE0020361830 
SE0014818415 
NO0010795875 
SE0014812954 
NO0012759309 
NO0013208611 
NO0013283036 
NO0013340596 
DK0063269352 
SE0023303797 
SE0020188019 
NO0010900889 
DK0062061313 
SE0014813655 
SE0018558868 
NO0013208603 
NO0013246785 
SE0023091970 
DK0063269949 
NO0013396655 
SE0020980571 
SE0020383859 
SE0014430849 
SE0018540742 
SE0020383321 
NO0013161414 
NO0013282673 
NO0013345231 
DK0063261961 
SE0023303813 
SE0020980977 
SE0015944194 
SE0019047101 
FI4000430269 
SE0019030321 
NO0013208694 
NO0013282798 
SE0022746624 
SE0023270145 
SE0023303706 
SE0020979011 
SE0015242250 
FI4000255336 
SE0021619780 
SE0021155645 
DK0062788923 
NO0013243162 
SE0022745097 
SE0023269295 
NO0013397612 
SE0020978724 
SE0021620598 
SE0021506037 
NO0012909342 
SE0020377984 
DK0062788840 
SE0022429494 
SE0022746376 
SE0023270624 
SE0023303961 
SE0020980779 
NO0012744632 
SE0014435608 
DK0061581295 
SE0019030362 
SE0022073375 
NO0013282004 
SE0022743308 
SE0023269907 
NO0013397760 
SE0020979581 
NO0010900947 
SE0009861479 
SE0013925567 
DK0061019171 
DK0062783882 
NO0013243089 
SE0022743290 
SE0023279740 
SE0023303888 
DK0062673273 
SE0021012093 
SE0011423623 
FI4000430327 
SE0019038696 
DK0062783296 
NO0013283374 
SE0022746616 
SE0023279088 
SE0023304068 
SE0020980860 
NO0010900491 
SE0011170604 
NO0013000067 
SE0019038241 
DK0062782728 
NO0013283200 
SE0022746939 
SE0023277090 
SE0023446372 
SE0020980050 
SE0011753169 
NO0010824436 
SE0014814794 
NO0010913387 
SE0022070553 
DK0062904181 
SE0022746707 
DK0063279237 
DK0063403696 
SE0021502861 
SE0014818456 
SE0014439824 
SE0020198307 
SE0021015294 
NO0013238766 
DK0062897468 
SE0022744900 
NO0013346080 
SE0023445127 
SE0020981108 
NO0010918469 
SE0015496880 
SE0017078280 
DK0061390945 
NO0013244368 
NO0013246215 
SE0022744785 
NO0013346759 
DK0063406525 
SE0020979979 
SE0014818498 
SE0019046772 
DK0061909447 
SE0019039637 
NO0013238782 
DK0062885968 
SE0022747150 
DK0063275755 
SE0023445978 
SE0020980126 
DK0062447181 
DK0060867992 
SE0020694537 
SE0019046178 
DK0062818779 
DK0062894440 
SE0022744017 
NO0013377358 
SE0023446349 
SE0020694305 
SE0015944053 
SE0018577967 
FI4000536859 
SE0011423730 
SE0022083853 
DK0062900510 
DK0063070008 
DK0063275599 
SE0023445507 
SE0021016458 
SE0016135727 
SE0017072564 
DK0061611464 
SE0016048144 
SE0022082301 
DK0062881702 
DK0063069851 
SE0023277181 
SE0023444989 
SE0020978401 
SE0020688216 
SE0021507035 
SE0017098858 
SE0016048185 
SE0022083135 
DK0062877270 
SE0023089297 
SE0023277132 
SE0023446612 
SE0020694446 
SE0019358912 
SE0014821435 
SE0017099294 
SE0018184525 
DK0062816997 
DK0062876462 
DK0063080585 
SE0023279609 
DK0063404744 
SE0020994606 
FI4000492756 
NO0010896814 
SE0017580731 
SE0016047120 
DK0062818852 
DK0062895686 
SE0023088968 
SE0023271671 
SE0023444849 
SE0020995215 
SE0013929353 
FI4000254156 
NO0012502949 
SE0016047948 
SE0022083416 
DK0062908687 
SE0023093653 
SE0023271374 
SE0023446505 
SE0021001096 
NO0013089821 
SE0021015732 
SE0018574170 
SE0016047906 
SE0022082582 
DK0062877353 
SE0023093323 
SE0023272380 
SE0023309414 
SE0021001682 
NO0010898240 
SE0015236252 
SE0017101991 
NO0010901630 
DK0062819587 
DK0062891420 
SE0023093422 
SE0023271804 
SE0023310735 
SE0021001286 
SE0015667290 
SE0018207599 
SE0017088511 
NO0011023251 
SE0022082475 
DK0062904264 
SE0023093638 
SE0023271556 
SE0023309968 
SE0021000387 
SE0014448791 
SE0014430971 
SE0016281224 
SE0017197999 
DK0062820403 
DK0062905071 
SE0023093562 
SE0023272737 
SE0023311782

--- Page 215 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 215 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021001625 
SE0020363513 
SE0009860505 
NO0012761909 
NO0011022022 
DK0062818936 
NO0013283366 
SE0023093828 
SE0023272497 
SE0023309471 
SE0021000270 
SE0014823605 
SE0021180015 
SE0013934221 
SE0021732815 
SE0022395679 
NO0013246827 
SE0023093307 
SE0023271309 
SE0023309539 
SE0020995736 
NO0010906688 
SE0006341327 
NO0010902034 
DK0061456043 
SE0022396016 
NO0013246751 
SE0023093240 
SE0023272125 
SE0023310412 
SE0020995264 
DK0061359007 
SE0009979040 
SE0012315125 
SE0016136337 
SE0022395935 
NO0013282137 
SE0023093687 
SE0023271499 
SE0023310131 
NO0013045815 
DK0061358629 
FI4000316500 
DK0061299948 
SE0021619798 
SE0022395737 
NO0013282491 
SE0023093463 
SE0023272505 
NO0013397166 
NO0013040337 
SE0017164858 
SE0015663075 
NO0010976558 
SE0016136758 
SE0022395802 
NO0013283085 
SE0023093620 
SE0023272117 
DK0063350475 
SE0021005832 
SE0015947171 
SE0021622578 
SE0017583677 
SE0016136642 
SE0022395406 
NO0013243659 
SE0023093141 
DK0063273701 
NO0013399881 
NO0013045526 
SE0020194926 
SE0009860034 
SE0018582769 
SE0019364126 
SE0022395430 
NO0013282541 
SE0023093661 
SE0023271903 
NO0013396911 
NO0013045799 
SE0019895905 
SE0021015971 
SE0015667340 
SE0016838601 
DK0062831442 
NO0013282129 
SE0023093273 
SE0023271895 
SE0023303722 
NO0013045674 
SE0016046049 
NO0010887896 
NO0012845140 
DK0062039301 
SE0022394904 
NO0013246843 
SE0023093604 
SE0023127899 
SE0023445119 
DK0062406153 
DK0061359437 
FI4000059191 
SE0017584246 
SE0014447173 
SE0022087078 
NO0013283580 
SE0023093497 
SE0023129168 
SE0023446174 
SE0020994143 
SE0021167392 
SE0015667688 
SE0019362609 
SE0016838890 
SE0022086526 
NO0013283101 
SE0023093174 
SE0023128285 
SE0023444971 
NO0013045708 
SE0014826251 
SE0004580447 
SE0017584204 
SE0016838858 
SE0022087052 
NO0013282707 
SE0023093448 
SE0023269220 
SE0023446182 
SE0020994069 
DK0061360955 
SE0015951900 
SE0017584238 
SE0016840417 
SE0022086641 
SE0022429957 
DK0063066162 
SE0023270467 
SE0023444922 
DK0062399788 
SE0012314854 
SE0013924727 
SE0017583628 
DK0061360443 
NO0013201277 
SE0022429643 
SE0022743357 
SE0023270475 
SE0023445002 
SE0020994077 
DK0062661773 
SE0009861180 
SE0017583610 
SE0016840250 
NO0013201285 
NO0013284158 
SE0022746111 
DK0063269279 
DK0063406368 
SE0020993608 
SE0021504651 
DK0061369741 
FI4000070800 
DK0062553533 
SE0022086948 
SE0022429890 
SE0022743282 
SE0023270863 
DK0063405121 
SE0020993319 
NO0012998865 
NO0010901366 
NO0011141624 
SE0018171548 
SE0022086690 
SE0022429692 
SE0022745840 
SE0023277637 
SE0023445549 
SE0020993327 
NO0010906902 
NO0012452988 
NO0011141590 
SE0011760396 
DK0062832093 
SE0022430260 
SE0022745246 
SE0023277231 
SE0023445135 
FI4000538186 
NO0012997776 
SE0011171404 
SE0015943782 
SE0016128854 
SE0022086880 
NO0013284141 
SE0022743274 
NO0013347518 
SE0023446638 
FI4000538178 
NO0012997222 
SE0021014073 
NO0011141657 
SE0020695161 
SE0022086534 
NO0013246900 
SE0022745915 
DK0063280839 
SE0023445333 
NO0012997982 
NO0013001081 
SE0020980753 
SE0014821054 
SE0018565145 
SE0022079984 
NO0013283051 
SE0022746640 
NO0013375832 
SE0023309513 
NO0012997362 
NO0012997529 
SE0013917051 
NO0011141848 
SE0018554057 
SE0022079844 
NO0013243345 
SE0022746392 
DK0063276217 
SE0023310255 
NO0013001214 
NO0012997503 
NO0013046243 
NO0011141764 
DK0061582939 
SE0022080404 
NO0013246892 
NO0013304915 
SE0023276985 
SE0023310529 
NO0013000588 
SE0021017654 
FI4000047550 
SE0021013778 
NO0013039685 
SE0022080933 
NO0013282897 
NO0013304873 
DK0063280169 
SE0023311667 
NO0012996992 
SE0020697621 
SE0016047096 
NO0013046862 
DK0061581535 
SE0022082616 
NO0013246801 
NO0013304725 
DK0063279906 
SE0023309349 
DK0062635934 
SE0020697498 
DK0061659828 
NO0011141723 
DK0061581105 
DK0062820833 
NO0013282699 
NO0013304964 
NO0013349472 
SE0023311824 
SE0021018462 
SE0020697993 
DK0061375557 
NO0011141855 
DK0061579125 
SE0022082327 
NO0013243261 
NO0013304717 
SE0023277462 
SE0023310172 
SE0021008919 
NO0013044917 
DK0061390432 
NO0011141897 
DK0061578234 
NO0013239186 
NO0013280990 
NO0013287656 
NO0013374231 
SE0023451240 
SE0021001740 
SE0020696920 
SE0015941505 
SE0021732807 
SE0021620390 
NO0013239178 
NO0013283473 
NO0013304816 
SE0023279500 
SE0023451133 
DK0062206736 
SE0021732880 
SE0018577298 
SE0016136535 
SE0018563074 
DK0062821138 
NO0013243519 
SE0023086699 
DK0063286877 
SE0023451489 
DK0062196598 
SE0020697860 
FI4000462916 
SE0014809174 
DK0061577426 
DK0062822888 
NO0013283390 
NO0013344887 
SE0023272364 
SE0023451620 
DK0062198024 
SE0021162583 
NO0010896046 
DK0061442688 
DK0062674834 
SE0022082418 
NO0013243188 
DK0063069778 
SE0023271630 
SE0023450895 
DK0062202156 
SE0020697050 
SE0017580095 
SE0016137285 
SE0019044025 
NO0013239145 
SE0022426938 
SE0023088786 
SE0023271812 
SE0023450739 
DK0062198966 
SE0020696870 
DK0062489696 
SE0016135891 
SE0018573370 
DK0062819660 
NO0013246181 
NO0013345322 
SE0023271788 
SE0023451125 
SE0021493509 
SE0014818043 
SE0021016441 
DK0062160727 
DK0061581964 
SE0022082376 
DK0062897542 
SE0023088976 
SE0023272414 
SE0023450564 
DK0062205928 
NO0010900681 
SE0019372954 
SE0019029521 
NO0012528639 
NO0013244947 
DK0062888046 
SE0023093505 
DK0063272067 
DK0063429659 
DK0062203048 
SE0009982895 
SE0016136212 
SE0016137368 
NO0012452889 
SE0022395414 
DK0062894523 
SE0023093232 
NO0013375014 
SE0023450655 
DK0062201349 
SE0019359019 
SE0017573561 
SE0016136162 
SE0017072481 
SE0022395778 
DK0062877866 
SE0023093679 
SE0023271242 
SE0023450309 
DK0062203980 
SE0021619087 
DK0061393618 
SE0016136238 
SE0021015179 
SE0022395786 
DK0062883674 
SE0023093646 
SE0023276324 
SE0023445036 
DK0062200457 
NO0010900525 
SE0019900754 
SE0016137194 
SE0018577959 
SE0022395752 
DK0062889283 
SE0023093547 
SE0023276241 
SE0023446422 
DK0062204798 
NO0010901622 
DK0061398765 
SE0021006533 
NO0013154971 
SE0022395653 
DK0062898359 
SE0023093596 
SE0023276621 
SE0023445903 
DK0062668000 
SE0009983281 
SE0009861131 
SE0017569403 
SE0019038282 
SE0022395364 
DK0062901757 
SE0023093430 
SE0023276829 
SE0023446117 
DK0062197992 
SE0014818464 
DK0061587300 
SE0016136071 
SE0020993715 
SE0022395331 
DK0062890026 
SE0023093281 
SE0023275631 
SE0023445069 
DK0062206652 
SE0017568975 
SE0021504495 
DK0062444162 
SE0016793061 
SE0022395463 
DK0062899241 
SE0023093380 
SE0023274808 
SE0023445366 
DK0062198883 
SE0020362960 
SE0015943410 
DK0062429361 
SE0019038738 
SE0022395687 
DK0062888202 
SE0023093521 
SE0023128160 
SE0023445283 
SE0020695989 
FI4000374632 
SE0017568686 
SE0016135503 
NO0010906548 
SE0022395745 
DK0062878831 
SE0023093356 
NO0013368787 
SE0023446125 
SE0020694651 
NO0010901010 
FI4000252895 
SE0016135180 
SE0019040643 
SE0022395968 
DK0062886347 
SE0023093257 
SE0023128681 
SE0023445093 
SE0020695591 
DK0062468690 
SE0021493251 
SE0021502259 
SE0021160959 
SE0022396214 
DK0062890612 
SE0023093208 
SE0023128137 
SE0023446133 
SE0020694560 
DK0061039013 
SE0011168889 
SE0015669247 
SE0020194124 
DK0062832259 
SE0022426730 
SE0023093158 
NO0013372243 
SE0023444930 
SE0020695914 
DK0062199188 
SE0021616356 
SE0016135073 
NO0010918857 
DK0062832762 
DK0062907366 
SE0023093349 
SE0023271051 
SE0023445606 
NO0013158071 
SE0015489182 
SE0017568595 
DK0061502259 
SE0019040114 
NO0013245308 
DK0062887667 
SE0023093117 
DK0063261292 
SE0023443833

--- Page 216 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 216 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020694842 
DK0061502176 
DK0061582343 
SE0016135701 
NO0013088120 
SE0022086914 
NO0013282343 
SE0023093539 
NO0013341149 
SE0023443536 
SE0021509148 
NO0013001305 
SE0011168772 
SE0016135842 
SE0019372921 
SE0022086633 
NO0013242941 
SE0022746285 
SE0023277819 
SE0023443023 
SE0020695948 
NO0010901085 
SE0018584062 
SE0016137582 
SE0019374398 
SE0022086781 
NO0013282657 
SE0022746442 
NO0013349373 
SE0023442660 
SE0020696581 
NO0010900806 
NO0010896483 
NO0012823550 
NO0012974049 
SE0022394961 
NO0013282871 
NO0013304683 
SE0023277058 
SE0023442488 
SE0020694313 
NO0013045724 
SE0021152139 
DK0062638441 
SE0012315273 
NO0013201335 
NO0013243725 
SE0022743340 
NO0013375709 
SE0023443874 
SE0020695054 
NO0010900871 
FI4000496963 
SE0016135867 
SE0011423565 
SE0022394888 
NO0013283259 
DK0063066089 
NO0013348961 
SE0023442611 
SE0020695534 
NO0010901028 
SE0018568867 
SE0016136303 
SE0019374414 
SE0022086815 
NO0013246702 
SE0022746483 
SE0023277249 
SE0023443668 
SE0020696359 
SE0015941935 
NO0013131854 
NO0010884489 
SE0021005634 
NO0013201251 
NO0013281030 
NO0013304840 
DK0063284310 
SE0023443825 
SE0020694578 
NO0012997735 
DK0061298460 
SE0018574261 
SE0019372426 
SE0022079885 
NO0013282970 
DK0063066675 
SE0023277470 
SE0023443510 
SE0020695153 
SE0021620234 
DK0062351821 
SE0019046251 
SE0012315018 
SE0022080438 
NO0013282384 
NO0013304782 
NO0013376095 
SE0023443916 
NO0013042226 
DK0060849156 
FI4000047642 
SE0021503562 
SE0013930005 
SE0022080958 
NO0013242883 
NO0013304865 
SE0023277678 
SE0023309885 
SE0020695997 
NO0010900319 
NO0010847510 
SE0021159605 
SE0017589120 
SE0022085379 
SE0022430310 
NO0013305185 
SE0023277686 
SE0023309240 
SE0020696490 
NO0010901036 
SE0009979586 
DK0061631736 
SE0009861719 
SE0022395992 
SE0022429684 
SE0023086665 
NO0013347831 
SE0023311121 
SE0021004975 
SE0021619509 
SE0019911967 
NO0012743154 
DK0061055993 
SE0022395661 
SE0022429676 
DK0063071832 
DK0063281803 
SE0023310552 
NO0013046284 
SE0017569064 
DK0061455318 
SE0020979441 
SE0016135818 
SE0022395380 
SE0022429882 
NO0013340992 
SE0023275771 
SE0023447198 
NO0013045914 
SE0021737210 
SE0021007622 
DK0061503810 
DK0061593704 
SE0022395695 
SE0022430328 
NO0013350322 
NO0013376665 
SE0023447479 
DK0062401352 
NO0012762014 
SE0014823639 
NO0010897648 
SE0016137301 
SE0022395703 
SE0022429619 
SE0023088919 
SE0023272836 
DK0063409628 
DK0062334140 
SE0020198679 
DK0062555900 
SE0017215122 
SE0016136683 
SE0022395760 
SE0022429791 
SE0023089545 
SE0023276027 
SE0023447131 
DK0062349767 
NO0010900913 
DK0061037744 
DK0061001716 
SE0021488350 
SE0022395307 
DK0062924965 
DK0063077011 
SE0023276712 
SE0023450424 
DK0062358248 
NO0010896400 
SE0019030602 
SE0017215999 
SE0016136048 
SE0022395372 
DK0062919965 
DK0063072566 
SE0023275805 
SE0023450853 
DK0062332011 
SE0016278832 
DK0060890978 
NO0012726167 
SE0016136824 
SE0022395976 
DK0062918728 
SE0023093190 
SE0023272919 
SE0023451331 
DK0062344537 
SE0021009081 
SE0014813648 
SE0017216153 
SE0016136089 
SE0022087151 
DK0062895926 
SE0023093182 
NO0013376731 
DK0063424502 
DK0062358321 
SE0014818431 
SE0021015617 
SE0017584253 
DK0060966034 
NO0013245340 
DK0062908174 
SE0023093810 
NO0013376715 
SE0023451786 
DK0062336947 
SE0014822813 
FI4000370531 
SE0015667241 
SE0016135651 
SE0022394896 
DK0062905311 
SE0023093315 
DK0063270012 
SE0023451380 
DK0062351664 
SE0020361582 
SE0013927274 
DK0061501012 
SE0016137426 
SE0022087110 
DK0062883757 
SE0023093414 
SE0023269378 
SE0023451315 
DK0062340469 
SE0014818472 
NO0010898380 
SE0017580905 
SE0021017571 
SE0022087136 
DK0062908927 
SE0023093455 
DK0063267224 
SE0023450440 
DK0062354338 
DK0061369907 
SE0016278659 
SE0020388247 
SE0018577645 
SE0022086724 
DK0062891776 
SE0023093471 
SE0023269352 
DK0063428685 
SE0021732559 
SE0014818027 
NO0010899768 
DK0061328200 
SE0016136451 
DK0062831525 
DK0062901831 
SE0023093224 
SE0023269261 
DK0063430079 
DK0062341863 
DK0062343133 
DK0061442332 
SE0016281232 
SE0016281158 
SE0022394920 
DK0062889366 
SE0023093372 
NO0013377424 
DK0063426556 
NO0012996935 
SE0014821088 
DK0061495025 
SE0019047556 
SE0021015146 
SE0022086559 
DK0062879805 
SE0023093133 
DK0063281647 
SE0023451760 
NO0013001404 
SE0014822656 
NO0010795016 
NO0010899412 
SE0018548810 
SE0022394664 
DK0062905584 
SE0023093125 
SE0023277447 
SE0023445796 
NO0012997057 
DK0062646972 
DK0062648408 
DK0061770773 
SE0009860943 
SE0022087029 
DK0062901088 
SE0023093612 
NO0013345595 
SE0023446166 
NO0013047845 
DK0061364437 
SE0020365658 
DK0062676961 
NO0012742891 
NO0013201301 
DK0062874764 
SE0023093570 
SE0023277009 
SE0023446026 
NO0012997255 
SE0014822854 
DK0062390134 
SE0020979458 
SE0009979644 
SE0022396578 
DK0062902722 
SE0023093489 
SE0023277439 
SE0023445440 
NO0013001578 
SE0014821245 
DK0060840528 
DK0061619954 
SE0020376077 
SE0022080529 
DK0062890885 
SE0023093588 
SE0023277116 
SE0023445325 
NO0012997545 
SE0021489366 
SE0021503505 
SE0021163391 
SE0015951678 
SE0022085635 
DK0062886420 
DK0063065941 
DK0063282538 
SE0023444948 
SE0021151305 
NO0010896962 
NO0010824543 
SE0020695518 
DK0061557071 
SE0022398145 
NO0013239616 
NO0013304675 
DK0063277025 
DK0063404074 
NO0012997008 
DK0061358975 
FI4000253711 
SE0016791842 
DK0061601077 
SE0022396420 
NO0013282160 
SE0022746004 
SE0023279492 
SE0023444872 
NO0013000596 
SE0014821039 
SE0015664503 
SE0017081854 
DK0062081774 
SE0022396669 
NO0013282558 
SE0022746327 
DK0063275243 
SE0023445580 
NO0013001123 
NO0010909542 
SE0016280846 
SE0017098866 
SE0010136697 
SE0022397089 
NO0013243022 
SE0022745865 
NO0013373373 
DK0063403183 
SE0021014123 
SE0018580474 
SE0017075708 
NO0012726340 
SE0016279061 
SE0022397246 
NO0013283531 
SE0022746202 
DK0063278692 
SE0023445192 
DK0062321915 
SE0019051830 
DK0062552055 
DK0062332607 
SE0011423656 
SE0022398319 
NO0013242966 
SE0022746525 
NO0013346197 
DK0063405394 
SE0021164076 
SE0015943857 
SE0009859473 
DK0061619608 
SE0016278584 
SE0022397808 
NO0013246876 
NO0013287599 
SE0023277561 
SE0023443486 
DK0062321758 
NO0011140006 
FI4000042999 
DK0062223822 
NO0013046888 
SE0022397204 
NO0013246546 
NO0013304857 
SE0023276357 
SE0023443163 
SE0020976439 
DK0061480266 
NO0010794498 
DK0061620291 
SE0017072572 
SE0022396651 
NO0013283481 
DK0063066592 
DK0063282298 
SE0023442470 
SE0020976397 
NO0010792609 
SE0009860158 
SE0017081904 
SE0017072853 
SE0022397733 
NO0013283077 
NO0013304808 
DK0063277108 
SE0023443973 
SE0020697290 
SE0017196918 
SE0013916780 
SE0021506821 
SE0017072895 
SE0022396412 
NO0013243436 
SE0023086681 
SE0023277876 
SE0023443908 
SE0021174182 
NO0013045971 
SE0010128660 
SE0019372897 
SE0017213945 
SE0022397659 
NO0013282046 
SE0022747176 
SE0023277710 
SE0023443312 
SE0021734258 
SE0020698231 
SE0021621893 
SE0016136204 
SE0017073430 
SE0022397311 
SE0022429965 
SE0022747325 
NO0013349118 
SE0023443080 
SE0018554115 
SE0021733755 
SE0020188548 
SE0016136576 
SE0019049115 
SE0022397790 
SE0022429726 
NO0013305102 
DK0063280912 
SE0023447495 
SE0018554461 
SE0020697910 
DK0060999472 
SE0016135776 
SE0016598627 
SE0022397840 
SE0022429973 
SE0022747192 
NO0013377283 
SE0023447230 
SE0021619400 
SE0020994507 
NO0010900723 
SE0020199594 
SE0017222003 
SE0022398350 
SE0022429627 
NO0013287649 
NO0013377382 
SE0023447123

--- Page 217 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 217 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0018554107 
SE0020379386 
DK0062515441 
SE0016137095 
DK0061600509 
SE0022398087 
SE0022429734 
SE0022747184 
SE0023277215 
SE0023447610 
SE0018554586 
SE0020377711 
SE0017576572 
DK0061699881 
DK0061602984 
SE0022397337 
NO0013203802 
NO0013304758 
DK0063276803 
DK0063409701 
SE0018554362 
SE0020380079 
FI4000256656 
SE0016136402 
SE0020980746 
SE0022396859 
SE0022429932 
DK0063072483 
SE0023278296 
SE0023447560 
SE0018553471 
SE0020377422 
NO0010898851 
NO0010777303 
SE0015665070 
SE0022396743 
SE0022437455 
NO0013305193 
SE0023279013 
SE0023447578 
SE0018553893 
SE0020377752 
FI4000316708 
SE0019370172 
NO0012761685 
SE0022396586 
DK0062943163 
SE0023089057 
DK0063280243 
SE0023447594 
SE0018553935 
SE0020377067 
SE0013927100 
DK0061901543 
SE0016134431 
SE0022398012 
SE0022432589 
SE0023093265 
SE0023128665 
SE0023447172 
DK0062395521 
SE0020380566 
SE0013244597 
NO0010912769 
SE0020189033 
SE0022396982 
DK0062934923 
SE0023093364 
SE0023129135 
SE0023447115 
SE0018554024 
SE0020380970 
NO0013044677 
SE0016278915 
DK0061761004 
SE0022397956 
SE0022432597 
SE0023096961 
SE0023128814 
SE0023451356 
SE0018554222 
SE0020377240 
SE0020377174 
SE0016278964 
SE0021623618 
SE0022396628 
SE0022434742 
SE0023095245 
SE0023128855 
SE0023451497 
SE0018554065 
SE0020377109 
NO0011134132 
SE0021621240 
DK0061399490 
SE0022396479 
SE0022431912 
DK0063126917 
SE0023127824 
SE0023450580 
SE0018554487 
NO0010900475 
SE0018178501 
SE0019056607 
FI4000537485 
SE0022397725 
DK0062940573 
SE0023105218 
SE0023128905 
DK0063427521 
NO0012874199 
SE0014818712 
NO0010903370 
SE0016279137 
DK0060701597 
SE0022397360 
SE0022432712 
SE0023105010 
DK0063268388 
SE0023451638 
SE0020188563 
DK0061499605 
DK0061034998 
SE0021013745 
SE0019372962 
SE0022397212 
DK0062934766 
SE0023105523 
SE0023270046 
SE0023450226 
SE0021004231 
SE0021170156 
SE0020696342 
SE0019058249 
SE0019374828 
SE0022396313 
SE0022431847 
NO0013340976 
DK0063261375 
SE0023450804 
NO0013046342 
SE0020198539 
SE0016280028 
SE0018561359 
SE0021010444 
SE0022397220 
SE0022433819 
NO0013348045 
SE0023270764 
SE0023450713 
SE0021004553 
SE0016279293 
SE0021490257 
NO0010847551 
SE0014820478 
SE0022080784 
NO0013284315 
SE0023105986 
SE0023270392 
DK0063428925 
SE0021004249 
NO0010906324 
SE0014821096 
SE0016280739 
SE0016796866 
SE0022080255 
DK0062927554 
SE0023103361 
SE0023269345 
SE0023450630 
DK0062414843 
SE0021159845 
SE0014436622 
DK0061158615 
SE0019372459 
SE0022085312 
NO0013204016 
SE0023098793 
SE0023269329 
DK0063428099 
DK0062418836 
SE0017075955 
SE0011171628 
SE0016280820 
SE0019374380 
SE0022084695 
SE0022432126 
SE0023098538 
SE0023269246 
SE0023451042 
SE0021499605 
NO0012997537 
DK0060844272 
SE0018583957 
SE0019374406 
SE0022084646 
NO0013285098 
NO0013341404 
SE0023270293 
SE0023450515 
SE0021004074 
DK0061443652 
DK0061034055 
SE0016281521 
SE0020188266 
SE0022398129 
SE0022435186 
DK0063119623 
NO0013371450 
DK0063426986 
DK0062425880 
SE0019365099 
DK0062061586 
SE0016280556 
NO0010900772 
SE0022397386 
NO0013204545 
NO0013343020 
NO0013377739 
SE0023451604 
DK0062335113 
SE0021160330 
FI4000253927 
SE0016280770 
SE0011170760 
SE0022398186 
SE0022435749 
DK0063115043 
SE0023277603 
SE0023451422 
DK0062332284 
NO0010896350 
SE0021161155 
SE0016280861 
SE0019374737 
SE0022398244 
SE0022435863 
NO0013343905 
SE0023278429 
SE0023451034 
DK0062351748 
SE0017096589 
DK0062449203 
DK0061619525 
FI4000537451 
SE0022398004 
SE0022435640 
NO0013349704 
SE0023277595 
DK0063426200 
DK0062337671 
SE0021015526 
SE0014440301 
SE0021505393 
DK0061096245 
SE0022397055 
SE0022435319 
NO0013346320 
SE0023277405 
SE0023445341 
DK0062321592 
NO0012846791 
SE0013930187 
SE0019058488 
NO0010906498 
SE0022398277 
SE0022435400 
SE0023098827 
NO0013374538 
SE0023445515 
SE0020976413 
NO0010896228 
SE0020980068 
SE0020379345 
SE0021510179 
SE0022397378 
SE0022435939 
DK0063119383 
SE0023277371 
SE0023446646 
SE0020976553 
FI4000493127 
FI4000253653 
SE0017215148 
SE0020362390 
SE0022397980 
SE0022435699 
NO0013347724 
SE0023276951 
SE0023445911 
NO0013041897 
SE0013929387 
SE0017214489 
SE0019067034 
NO0012608175 
SE0022397048 
NO0013285106 
NO0013342998 
NO0013374496 
SE0023446208 
DK0062322483 
SE0020381523 
DK0061330537 
SE0018560252 
SE0021014065 
SE0022396701 
NO0013285015 
NO0013346668 
SE0023277728 
SE0023445614 
SE0020975993 
NO0010906332 
SE0012315216 
DK0061257946 
SE0017214133 
SE0022398103 
SE0022435632 
DK0063118575 
NO0013346536 
SE0023445945 
SE0020976546 
DK0061878899 
SE0019053489 
SE0016281075 
SE0021013588 
SE0022398160 
SE0022436804 
DK0063109236 
SE0023277801 
SE0023446570 
DK0062322053 
DK0062380689 
DK0062429791 
SE0018578064 
FI4000456587 
NO0013239426 
SE0022435236 
DK0063108188 
NO0013349753 
SE0023446000 
SE0020976330 
SE0020377141 
SE0011752310 
SE0013932423 
SE0016283147 
NO0013239350 
SE0022435764 
DK0063087242 
DK0063276993 
DK0063405634 
SE0020976470 
NO0010898604 
SE0012315232 
SE0021007820 
SE0016283139 
SE0022084075 
NO0013204040 
DK0063092754 
SE0023277025 
SE0023446398 
SE0020976231 
SE0015489224 
SE0021733367 
DK0062321246 
SE0016282818 
SE0022084083 
DK0062931077 
DK0063102306 
DK0063281050 
DK0063405477 
DK0062323887 
DK0061425592 
FI4000447271 
NO0010913825 
NO0012823410 
NO0013245100 
SE0022433975 
DK0063114905 
SE0023277124 
SE0023445309 
SE0020697779 
DK0061629169 
NO0010908916 
SE0021006822 
DK0061578077 
SE0022084125 
NO0013284497 
SE0023097381 
NO0013347617 
DK0063405550 
SE0020697563 
SE0021625498 
NO0011141582 
SE0017576697 
SE0014823209 
SE0022080941 
DK0062935060 
DK0063099254 
SE0023128806 
SE0023443841 
SE0020697902 
DK0062447348 
SE0012315224 
NO0012725722 
SE0016284384 
SE0022080032 
SE0022432423 
DK0063104351 
SE0023128061 
SE0023442983 
SE0020698322 
NO0013003616 
SE0013920014 
DK0061732849 
SE0020694719 
SE0022080776 
NO0013204164 
DK0063105085 
SE0023128632 
SE0023443338 
SE0020697688 
SE0019371493 
NO0010976962 
DK0062555157 
SE0016285449 
SE0022081311 
NO0013204263 
DK0063094297 
SE0023128624 
SE0023442819 
SE0020697423 
SE0015497367 
SE0013919412 
NO0010897507 
SE0016285274 
SE0022080180 
SE0022431946 
NO0013350157 
NO0013378653 
SE0023443577 
SE0020698389 
NO0010898893 
SE0018184509 
SE0021160728 
SE0021007275 
SE0022395422 
SE0022434411 
DK0063106059 
NO0013377952 
SE0023442892 
SE0020697209 
SE0019368192 
DK0061187986 
SE0011171297 
SE0019030305 
SE0022396024 
SE0022432225 
NO0013347765 
DK0063274196 
SE0023443296 
SE0020697969 
SE0021618626 
SE0014821625 
SE0017214513 
DK0062073672 
SE0022395943 
DK0062927042 
DK0063098959 
SE0023276423 
SE0023442686 
SE0021506375 
SE0014823753 
SE0014823563 
SE0017576630 
SE0016285464 
SE0022395349 
DK0062927638 
SE0023103072 
SE0023274386 
SE0023444047 
NO0013044560 
NO0010898547 
SE0020980092 
SE0016281174 
SE0016836001 
DK0062680724 
SE0022431987 
SE0023103155 
SE0023276902 
SE0023443205 
SE0020698041 
SE0017086770 
DK0060977155 
DK0061618394 
SE0018185753 
NO0013238998 
NO0013284281 
SE0023099874 
SE0023272943 
SE0023447552 
SE0020378834 
SE0015951470 
SE0018578056 
SE0017081961 
SE0016278626 
SE0022079687 
DK0062926747 
SE0023103064 
SE0023275680 
SE0023447156 
SE0020994705 
DK0061358702 
NO0010908106 
DK0061618717 
SE0016279541 
SE0022079646 
NO0013203950 
SE0023100201 
SE0023276258 
SE0023447297

--- Page 218 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 218 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020377406 
NO0012759143 
SE0018184673 
DK0061622909 
DK0062629960 
SE0022079364 
NO0013284265 
SE0023099148 
SE0023276944 
DK0063409545 
SE0020377844 
SE0020695930 
DK0061009024 
DK0061623204 
SE0016278667 
SE0022079380 
SE0022432167 
SE0023103049 
SE0023276522 
SE0023447164 
SE0020378032 
SE0019029984 
SE0013251345 
SE0017088784 
DK0062413019 
SE0022079414 
DK0062927208 
DK0063121520 
SE0023276084 
SE0023447339 
SE0020377489 
NO0010899511 
SE0014433504 
SE0018577629 
SE0020365633 
SE0022079372 
SE0022425625 
SE0023105481 
SE0023277033 
SE0023447602 
SE0020377042 
SE0021156478 
SE0010821827 
NO0011177602 
SE0016279582 
NO0013244699 
SE0022424032 
SE0023105648 
SE0023277496 
SE0023447180 
NO0012874421 
NO0010899362 
SE0017081847 
SE0014817912 
SE0021493210 
SE0022079661 
SE0022425252 
NO0013350215 
NO0013378471 
SE0023447271 
SE0017576747 
SE0020683589 
DK0060998151 
SE0014430674 
SE0020698074 
SE0022079588 
SE0022425435 
SE0023104906 
SE0023279518 
SE0023453816 
FI4000503156 
SE0015667662 
SE0016279103 
DK0061650959 
SE0016278709 
SE0022079679 
SE0022425963 
NO0013340901 
NO0013374777 
SE0023454228 
SE0015667563 
SE0021008695 
FI4000050471 
SE0020384477 
SE0016279368 
SE0022084158 
SE0022424438 
NO0013345926 
DK0063277371 
SE0023453261 
SE0015943402 
SE0014826236 
SE0014437356 
NO0011177586 
SE0012820413 
NO0013245134 
SE0022425120 
NO0013342048 
NO0013346700 
SE0023454095 
SE0020975969 
SE0018577694 
NO0011165227 
DK0061651684 
SE0016278758 
NO0013209155 
SE0022424453 
NO0013344218 
SE0023277082 
SE0023454848 
NO0010792203 
NO0010906738 
DK0061192390 
DK0061655677 
SE0018185688 
NO0013239434 
SE0022425302 
NO0013345157 
SE0023279559 
SE0023454269 
SE0020366037 
SE0021619715 
NO0010976947 
DK0061761194 
SE0016279673 
NO0013245092 
SE0022425245 
DK0063119540 
SE0023276761 
SE0023454327 
NO0010899602 
SE0020995389 
SE0018185076 
NO0012823014 
SE0016279442 
SE0022080768 
SE0022424602 
DK0063116876 
SE0023276860 
SE0023453030 
SE0021504230 
NO0010899982 
SE0021159597 
SE0020976801 
DK0061625761 
SE0022080602 
SE0022425567 
SE0023098645 
NO0013375485 
SE0023454053 
SE0014823514 
SE0019045220 
NO0010897515 
FI4000253851 
SE0016279715 
SE0022079992 
SE0022424743 
SE0023098710 
SE0023276431 
SE0023453097 
SE0018538167 
NO0010899826 
SE0020197887 
SE0019373283 
SE0021734118 
SE0022081980 
SE0022426326 
NO0013348623 
DK0063274006 
SE0023453279 
SE0021174554 
SE0016042030 
SE0017215916 
DK0062343489 
DK0062056586 
SE0022082319 
SE0022426599 
SE0023098579 
SE0023276407 
SE0023453808 
SE0015490826 
SE0020377356 
SE0017224009 
SE0018185092 
SE0016599617 
SE0022082483 
SE0022426581 
NO0013340166 
SE0023274378 
SE0023453733 
SE0020992501 
SE0020379337 
FI4000421227 
SE0018569030 
SE0010128769 
SE0022082699 
SE0022432563 
DK0063117767 
SE0023272869 
SE0023453550 
SE0012315109 
SE0020377877 
SE0016281331 
SE0016598619 
SE0018538381 
DK0062817888 
SE0022432530 
NO0013348953 
NO0013370254 
SE0023454244 
NO0010882178 
SE0020378065 
DK0061191749 
DK0061620960 
DK0062648754 
SE0022082756 
SE0022434882 
DK0063119110 
SE0023129150 
NO0013423806 
DK0062380093 
NO0012976788 
SE0018585259 
SE0017081789 
NO0012974106 
SE0022082491 
DK0062930269 
NO0013347187 
NO0013374892 
SE0023453089 
DK0062374526 
DK0062293445 
DK0061191319 
NO0010903651 
DK0061357738 
NO0013244897 
SE0022432738 
SE0023098702 
SE0023129143 
SE0023454319 
DK0062374872 
SE0021507001 
FI4000370119 
DK0061620457 
SE0015941539 
SE0022082541 
SE0022432787 
DK0063094966 
SE0023128764 
SE0023453352 
SE0020984680 
NO0013044404 
SE0010978163 
SE0020696110 
SE0016134159 
SE0022082574 
SE0022433348 
NO0013348532 
SE0023276936 
SE0023453121 
DK0062387189 
NO0013044487 
NO0010792740 
SE0016281729 
SE0021509288 
DK0062818696 
NO0013204271 
DK0063097985 
SE0023272760 
SE0023454103 
DK0062668430 
DK0062446530 
SE0018554644 
DK0061933660 
DK0062649489 
DK0062817029 
SE0022432340 
DK0063088133 
SE0023275334 
SE0023453618 
DK0062383196 
NO0013003384 
SE0014441002 
NO0011100836 
SE0009861123 
DK0062815759 
SE0022431813 
SE0023097100 
SE0023276415 
NO0013424481 
DK0062376307 
SE0021006178 
SE0014441010 
DK0061589439 
SE0021010931 
SE0022083861 
SE0022432704 
DK0063095344 
DK0063274519 
SE0023454731 
DK0062381224 
NO0013003368 
DK0061195658 
SE0016791743 
SE0016133789 
SE0022082632 
SE0022434684 
DK0063105242 
SE0023275193 
SE0023453212 
DK0062377032 
NO0013044610 
DK0061195062 
SE0017082332 
SE0016279988 
SE0022082293 
SE0022433280 
DK0063087085 
SE0023276290 
SE0023454905 
NO0013046169 
NO0013154922 
DK0061194339 
SE0016792196 
FI4000253604 
NO0013244723 
SE0022432605 
DK0063091277 
SE0023276647 
NO0013423749 
DK0062380416 
NO0013044529 
DK0062662664 
NO0010836711 
SE0016278568 
SE0022079315 
SE0022431805 
NO0013340828 
SE0023274949 
SE0023454012 
SE0020984672 
NO0013044495 
SE0014823233 
SE0017082357 
SE0016279814 
SE0022079570 
SE0022437653 
DK0063095260 
DK0063274436 
SE0023453170 
DK0062374609 
SE0014431060 
SE0013928413 
SE0016793202 
NO0012823683 
DK0062776324 
SE0022426250 
SE0023102793 
SE0023271648 
SE0023454558 
DK0062376497 
DK0061367455 
SE0015233440 
DK0062074647 
DK0060838894 
SE0022079398 
SE0022425484 
SE0023103122 
SE0023271911 
SE0023454756 
SE0020992048 
SE0020182673 
SE0017076599 
SE0016793194 
SE0018184772 
NO0013244707 
SE0022425286 
SE0023099676 
SE0023271820 
SE0023453253 
DK0062388237 
NO0011165334 
SE0015944046 
SE0016793046 
NO0012608225 
NO0013239004 
SE0022425799 
SE0023095435 
NO0013373522 
SE0023453915 
SE0021505377 
NO0010896830 
SE0014826665 
SE0021621489 
SE0019044041 
SE0022079356 
SE0022424891 
SE0023095856 
DK0063272570 
SE0023454285 
DK0062377115 
SE0014825055 
DK0061367109 
SE0021162344 
DK0061951803 
NO0013244715 
SE0022425781 
SE0023096904 
NO0013374652 
SE0023454384 
DK0062388310 
SE0021014537 
SE0019371519 
SE0016793152 
NO0011132870 
SE0022079422 
SE0022425328 
SE0023095716 
SE0023272570 
SE0023453881 
DK0062390050 
FI4000455001 
FI4000316351 
SE0016793012 
SE0019053463 
NO0013239525 
SE0022424354 
SE0023094578 
SE0023271127 
SE0023453840 
SE0020980589 
SE0018549040 
SE0019030065 
SE0018208662 
SE0019053810 
NO0013239384 
SE0022424362 
SE0023094529 
SE0023271747 
SE0023454814 
NO0012995648 
FI4000458468 
SE0020696896 
DK0061580800 
SE0019038688 
NO0013239368 
SE0022423950 
SE0023095575 
SE0023272349 
SE0023453139 
SE0020694636 
SE0004446334 
FI4000471297 
SE0017577778 
DK0062679122 
SE0022084141 
SE0022424008 
DK0063119896 
SE0023271267 
SE0023452990 
SE0020687283 
SE0020377570 
SE0013925880 
SE0018548547 
NO0010898323 
NO0013245217 
SE0022425955 
NO0013348995 
SE0023272463 
SE0023453998 
SE0020687416 
SE0014824686 
SE0010128397 
NO0012827296 
SE0019039132 
NO0013244806 
SE0022423513 
NO0013342295 
DK0063273115 
SE0023453857 
NO0013154963 
SE0011171834 
SE0012567626 
FI4000316906 
SE0019038233 
SE0022082228 
SE0022426540 
SE0023098603 
NO0013377572 
SE0023454343 
NO0012995655 
FI4000460753 
NO0012995796 
NO0013044776 
SE0019038720 
DK0062819314 
SE0022425609 
DK0063116017 
SE0023276605 
SE0023454350 
SE0020687291 
NO0011141665 
FI4000485354 
NO0013044479 
SE0016835979 
SE0022082681 
SE0022424768 
NO0013340695 
SE0023276746 
SE0023454368 
SE0021003134 
NO0010898448 
DK0060996296 
SE0017078256 
SE0016839930 
DK0062818423 
SE0022426607 
NO0013341479 
SE0023275060 
SE0023454913

--- Page 219 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 219 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0021008505 
SE0021619731 
SE0012567634 
FI4000538269 
SE0016837132 
SE0022082558 
SE0022425054 
NO0013345843 
SE0023274931 
SE0023454822 
SE0021002375 
DK0061365756 
SE0014444543 
SE0018565806 
SE0020361004 
SE0022082202 
SE0022423638 
DK0063117098 
SE0023272968 
SE0023452974 
SE0021002417 
SE0013255254 
NO0012909391 
NO0010906423 
NO0012584921 
SE0022082749 
SE0022432837 
NO0013345645 
SE0023276555 
DK0063420864 
SE0021503794 
SE0016041552 
SE0016041453 
SE0017078413 
SE0021502390 
NO0013244954 
NO0013204180 
DK0063115639 
SE0023276639 
NO0013420430 
SE0021002615 
SE0021623246 
DK0060838381 
DK0062320438 
SE0020361814 
DK0062816211 
SE0022432761 
NO0013339945 
DK0063274865 
NO0013422360 
SE0021013976 
NO0012996430 
NO0010889256 
DK0061609807 
NO0010906803 
NO0013239152 
NO0013284646 
DK0063102223 
SE0023276274 
SE0023449830 
SE0021002466 
SE0018206997 
SE0016042311 
SE0017102403 
SE0016838148 
SE0022079604 
SE0022432431 
DK0063113857 
SE0023274709 
DK0063421169 
SE0021002557 
SE0020188803 
SE0021005626 
NO0010900046 
DK0062429601 
SE0022079612 
NO0013204214 
DK0063093562 
SE0023276514 
DK0063422134 
SE0021002797 
SE0016281299 
SE0020979987 
NO0012824061 
SE0011170216 
NO0013239012 
NO0013204156 
NO0013344952 
SE0023273073 
SE0023450044 
SE0020377661 
SE0014827887 
SE0016279418 
SE0017102429 
SE0016838551 
SE0022079349 
NO0013204172 
DK0063088646 
SE0023272950 
SE0023449913 
SE0020377000 
NO0013001289 
NO0012602913 
SE0021008067 
SE0017589724 
SE0022079497 
SE0022434676 
SE0023097365 
SE0023275516 
NO0013425850 
SE0020380541 
DK0061580487 
DK0061318086 
NO0010902919 
SE0016838882 
SE0022079695 
NO0013285205 
DK0063087838 
SE0023128780 
SE0023449921 
SE0021014982 
SE0011170232 
SE0020691400 
SE0017103716 
NO0012603077 
SE0022079489 
DK0062950960 
DK0063097399 
SE0023128004 
DK0063420518 
DK0062653085 
DK0061896289 
FI4000317011 
SE0017102452 
SE0009980238 
SE0022079539 
SE0022438016 
DK0063103544 
NO0013377614 
SE0023450135 
SE0020377224 
SE0013933934 
DK0061359270 
SE0017568645 
NO0011022477 
NO0013244731 
SE0022425641 
DK0063087598 
SE0023129127 
SE0023449814 
SE0020377083 
NO0010898232 
SE0012567840 
FI4000437439 
SE0020698520 
SE0022079521 
SE0022425708 
DK0063092911 
SE0023128129 
NO0013424622 
SE0020377265 
DK0061439387 
SE0019373267 
SE0017199227 
SE0018557894 
SE0021741725 
SE0022425393 
DK0063110598 
SE0023128335 
NO0013420711 
NO0012997974 
SE0013537065 
FI4000373014 
SE0021160322 
SE0016600191 
SE0022079596 
SE0022423604 
DK0063089453 
SE0023266044 
SE0023449855 
SE0020378081 
SE0020386597 
SE0013932977 
SE0017199409 
SE0016599864 
SE0022079307 
SE0022423893 
NO0013345751 
SE0023268222 
SE0023449939 
FI4000538160 
SE0017605892 
SE0014430724 
NO0012977562 
SE0011168970 
SE0022079471 
SE0022424875 
DK0063099171 
SE0023262324 
DK0063421409 
FI4000538152 
SE0017076052 
DK0061482635 
NO0012823188 
SE0016599849 
NO0013244749 
SE0022424263 
DK0063089883 
SE0023265004 
NO0013422154 
SE0020992469 
NO0010898091 
DK0060977312 
SE0021499514 
SE0016600134 
NO0013239491 
SE0022425401 
DK0063104278 
SE0023265707 
NO0013422733 
SE0020992451 
SE0020374627 
DK0061034139 
SE0017200454 
SE0015225701 
NO0013239376 
SE0022423810 
SE0023097373 
DK0063274279 
NO0013421578 
SE0017076094 
SE0018184764 
SE0009861289 
DK0061617826 
FI4000462999 
NO0013239343 
SE0022425732 
SE0023102983 
SE0023276662 
NO0013426296 
SE0020199016 
NO0010897663 
SE0018587263 
SE0017082241 
SE0018561144 
NO0013245126 
SE0022426425 
SE0023099478 
SE0023271341 
NO0013421453 
SE0021499779 
SE0020383735 
DK0062395364 
NO0012847112 
SE0016601843 
NO0013239442 
SE0022423984 
SE0023103239 
SE0023272109 
DK0063421086 
NO0012974064 
SE0011423649 
SE0018566739 
SE0016048169 
SE0014818142 
SE0022065272 
SE0022425021 
SE0023103148 
SE0023276381 
SE0023449889 
NO0012911843 
NO0010897358 
SE0019361353 
SE0017085517 
SE0016601447 
NO0013239079 
SE0022425278 
SE0023099916 
SE0023276373 
NO0013422915 
SE0021015260 
FI4000436084 
SE0019910688 
SE0021156023 
SE0019066846 
SE0022082004 
SE0022423695 
SE0023099528 
SE0023276134 
SE0023449947 
NO0012911793 
SE0014820544 
SE0015230057 
SE0017085558 
DK0062676029 
NO0013239087 
SE0022424966 
SE0023103213 
SE0023276340 
DK0063420781 
SE0020383768 
SE0012315265 
SE0010821678 
NO0012843715 
SE0016601652 
SE0022082079 
SE0022426227 
SE0023099726 
SE0023274428 
SE0023449822 
SE0020383883 
NO0013044321 
SE0016281620 
SE0017082258 
SE0016279087 
NO0013239095 
SE0022426292 
SE0023099007 
SE0023276688 
NO0013421651 
NO0012911769 
SE0021504453 
NO0010977069 
SE0021007028 
NO0010847940 
SE0022082178 
SE0022423885 
SE0023095849 
SE0023272794 
DK0063421912 
SE0021015559 
NO0013044628 
SE0009980436 
SE0020697316 
SE0016839955 
SE0022082087 
SE0022425633 
SE0023096896 
SE0023271770 
NO0013422329 
DK0062291902 
NO0013044768 
DK0061615960 
SE0017082340 
SE0021490133 
NO0013239103 
SE0022432571 
SE0023096888 
NO0013369116 
NO0013425926 
SE0020383750 
NO0013045088 
SE0015241773 
DK0062287983 
SE0016278717 
SE0022082095 
DK0062934840 
SE0023096474 
SE0023271952 
SE0023449848 
SE0021014404 
NO0013044552 
SE0009861271 
SE0017082274 
SE0016278642 
NO0013244814 
SE0022434528 
SE0023094842 
SE0023271382 
SE0023450010 
SE0020383784 
NO0013003228 
SE0020979193 
SE0020692499 
SE0016279343 
NO0013239111 
DK0062935490 
NO0013343251 
SE0023271168 
NO0013420141 
NO0012911827 
NO0013044503 
SE0017596018 
SE0017082324 
SE0016279384 
NO0013239038 
SE0022431789 
DK0063115985 
NO0013375667 
DK0063421326 
NO0012911751 
SE0020993301 
SE0019069584 
SE0018578023 
SE0016278774 
SE0022082103 
DK0062930343 
NO0013346676 
SE0023272141 
SE0023449897 
NO0012911777 
SE0020979516 
SE0014441044 
SE0020379758 
SE0019893454 
SE0022081972 
SE0022432548 
DK0063116363 
DK0063271929 
NO0013422147 
SE0020383743 
SE0020979854 
SE0014441143 
SE0020688018 
SE0019033945 
NO0013244863 
SE0022432902 
NO0013343509 
SE0023271861 
SE0023449863 
NO0012911744 
SE0020978229 
SE0021014362 
SE0016137129 
SE0016279426 
SE0022081964 
SE0022431797 
NO0013349043 
SE0023271325 
NO0013423814 
SE0020980787 
SE0020980514 
SE0013930179 
NO0010898778 
SE0016279657 
NO0013239061 
SE0022431953 
NO0013346346 
SE0023271218 
NO0013421925 
SE0020979029 
SE0020979102 
SE0021491586 
SE0021015203 
SE0019909219 
NO0013244822 
SE0022437943 
DK0063116280 
DK0063272737 
DK0063421599 
SE0021014693 
SE0020980522 
FI4000431861 
SE0014814836 
SE0016279467 
SE0022082012 
DK0062950887 
NO0013344853 
SE0023271945 
NO0013420455 
SE0020979318 
SE0020978245 
FI4000430343 
DK0060679132 
SE0016279699 
SE0022082160 
SE0022426375 
NO0013340679 
SE0023272042 
NO0013422683 
SE0020979508 
SE0020978781 
DK0061461209 
SE0009860307 
SE0015227129 
NO0013244889 
SE0022426037 
NO0013348722 
SE0023272133 
SE0023449954 
SE0020979847 
NO0013122838 
SE0019897034 
FI4000446869 
DK0061580214 
SE0022082111 
SE0022425898 
SE0023098769 
NO0013372946 
SE0023449806 
SE0020979409 
SE0020979250 
SE0016136592 
SE0017214190 
NO0012823287 
NO0013244830 
SE0022425443 
NO0013345819 
SE0023276720 
SE0023449996 
SE0020978195 
DK0061635216 
NO0013083436 
FI4000446976 
SE0021008364 
SE0022082053 
SE0022426243 
DK0063115472 
SE0023274493 
DK0063421839 
SE0020979664 
SE0014823290 
DK0062288957 
DK0061519063 
SE0020377158 
NO0013244798 
SE0022424800 
SE0023098546 
SE0023276613 
DK0063421243

--- Page 220 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 220 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020979094 
NO0012975632 
SE0014444097 
SE0013932217 
SE0019040072 
SE0022082129 
SE0022423968 
NO0013342253 
DK0063274782 
NO0013426254 
SE0020980258 
SE0018548794 
SE0015490149 
SE0018571556 
SE0019039173 
NO0013239129 
SE0022423778 
DK0063086350 
SE0023276704 
DK0063421672 
SE0020979243 
SE0018548596 
SE0009860802 
SE0016039002 
SE0019040676 
SE0022082038 
SE0022426300 
DK0063105838 
SE0023275664 
SE0023449871 
SE0021002656 
SE0016838213 
SE0017598204 
DK0061361763 
NO0012997933 
NO0013239046 
SE0022424461 
SE0023097340 
SE0023272786 
DK0063421755 
SE0021002219 
SE0015225602 
SE0013253283 
DK0061579471 
SE0020188845 
SE0022082137 
SE0022425534 
NO0013339887 
SE0023273065 
NO0013422410 
SE0021002300 
NO0010901077 
SE0020377547 
SE0018176935 
SE0015489513 
SE0022082525 
SE0022425146 
DK0063096235 
SE0023276852 
DK0063420948 
SE0021002318 
NO0010900608 
DK0060838035 
SE0021624004 
SE0019040106 
SE0022082640 
SE0022423745 
DK0063094024 
SE0023275391 
DK0063422050 
DK0062369369 
FI4000495841 
SE0018563553 
SE0013928231 
SE0019041047 
SE0022082731 
SE0022425757 
DK0063095930 
SE0023272877 
NO0013426189 
SE0021011020 
SE0015669031 
DK0061357498 
SE0019061888 
SE0009861156 
SE0022082046 
SE0022424586 
DK0063087408 
SE0023272885 
NO0013423871 
NO0012998360 
NO0010956170 
NO0012975939 
NO0013046946 
SE0019905944 
SE0022082673 
SE0022424552 
DK0063089107 
SE0023267802 
SE0023450085 
NO0013002592 
SE0020995520 
SE0019048935 
SE0020978997 
SE0019038712 
SE0022082400 
SE0022426433 
NO0013348854 
SE0023266309 
SE0023452305 
DK0062370292 
NO0011024614 
SE0021008430 
SE0017078504 
SE0019039165 
SE0022082384 
SE0022423737 
DK0063098363 
SE0023267158 
NO0013421495 
NO0012998709 
NO0012608357 
NO0010906746 
SE0017078488 
SE0021501046 
DK0062817292 
SE0022425583 
SE0023099221 
SE0023264536 
SE0023452289 
FI4000538194 
NO0013045062 
DK0061199056 
SE0017078447 
DK0061440989 
SE0022082442 
SE0022426219 
SE0023102785 
SE0023264650 
SE0023452461 
SE0020991818 
NO0010900350 
SE0021620341 
DK0061609484 
SE0019042227 
NO0013239160 
SE0022424446 
SE0023099304 
SE0023267133 
SE0023452321 
NO0013045260 
SE0017222102 
DK0061703238 
SE0021007598 
SE0020376044 
DK0062817102 
NO0013204354 
SE0023095633 
SE0023265145 
NO0013421149 
SE0021013950 
SE0019367517 
SE0021506995 
DK0061618121 
SE0018540700 
NO0013239194 
SE0022432522 
NO0013348821 
SE0023267240 
NO0013424077 
SE0020991826 
SE0014827879 
NO0010899354 
DK0061611621 
NO0012823576 
DK0062819900 
SE0022431904 
NO0013345199 
SE0023265848 
NO0013423319 
NO0013045278 
SE0013933975 
SE0018575144 
DK0061615531 
NO0012823428 
DK0062820759 
SE0022432746 
NO0013348771 
SE0023262837 
SE0023452503 
SE0020991834 
SE0014827895 
DK0061005543 
SE0017078470 
SE0020194330 
SE0022082392 
SE0022431979 
NO0013343681 
SE0023268826 
NO0013421958 
DK0062395794 
SE0014827903 
SE0018200214 
SE0017171168 
NO0011023244 
DK0062819231 
SE0022431839 
DK0063118302 
SE0023267901 
SE0023452032 
NO0013131722 
SE0017165988 
DK0062662904 
SE0013930237 
NO0011022196 
SE0022079653 
SE0022431961 
NO0013341214 
SE0023266986 
SE0023452743 
NO0013045286 
SE0017601107 
SE0014447082 
SE0020699288 
DK0062527297 
NO0013244681 
SE0022434932 
NO0013348144 
SE0023267539 
SE0023452172 
NO0013045294 
SE0014823365 
DK0061450863 
SE0017201239 
DK0061363629 
SE0022397444 
SE0022434981 
SE0023098595 
SE0023275425 
SE0023452313 
SE0020991842 
DK0061357571 
DK0060839009 
DK0061001989 
NO0011022014 
SE0022396610 
SE0022434965 
NO0013349506 
SE0023274519 
NO0013425652 
SE0020992063 
SE0014823415 
SE0019067844 
SE0017201866 
SE0009859663 
SE0022397691 
DK0062947313 
NO0013347591 
SE0023275110 
NO0013422436 
DK0062395604 
NO0010794324 
SE0020696797 
SE0017204100 
NO0011023319 
SE0022397352 
SE0022437869 
SE0023098785 
NO0013372466 
SE0023452578 
SE0020992162 
SE0015497987 
DK0060834208 
SE0017202237 
SE0014436671 
SE0022397766 
DK0062951935 
NO0013347815 
SE0023276233 
NO0013423723 
NO0012997727 
SE0014823738 
SE0017076714 
SE0014447231 
SE0018185381 
SE0022396602 
SE0022437893 
NO0013344234 
SE0023276928 
NO0013421404 
NO0012998006 
SE0021502630 
DK0060875078 
SE0017202914 
DK0062675567 
SE0022396685 
SE0022424537 
DK0063117924 
SE0023276449 
SE0023452438 
NO0012997388 
SE0005335908 
DK0061001476 
NO0012439274 
NO0013085597 
SE0022397261 
SE0022424719 
NO0013347476 
NO0013371641 
NO0013423590 
NO0013001677 
SE0014823456 
SE0009859572 
SE0016039481 
SE0021013851 
SE0022397824 
SE0022426508 
DK0063104518 
SE0023275870 
SE0023451851 
NO0013000711 
NO0013089961 
DK0061365590 
SE0013930922 
NO0013041798 
SE0022398053 
SE0022426177 
DK0063093133 
NO0013377143 
SE0023451968 
NO0012911868 
SE0021001203 
SE0012820918 
NO0012439084 
SE0011424423 
SE0022395950 
SE0022425385 
DK0063087671 
SE0023272810 
NO0013421636 
NO0012911850 
SE0017579717 
SE0015488994 
SE0017580798 
SE0015664966 
SE0022395315 
SE0022426029 
DK0063103031 
SE0023275920 
NO0013422063 
SE0020383842 
FI4000492624 
NO0010794282 
SE0015496435 
SE0018182891 
SE0022395984 
SE0022424958 
DK0063112966 
SE0023274360 
SE0023452206 
NO0012975475 
DK0061388378 
SE0018562233 
SE0017580855 
NO0011022055 
SE0022395455 
SE0022424578 
DK0063086863 
SE0023276399 
SE0023452560 
SE0021008109 
SE0014823779 
DK0062228706 
NO0013044537 
NO0010903594 
SE0022395711 
SE0022425260 
DK0063112297 
SE0023282249 
SE0023452412 
NO0013044446 
NO0010976483 
SE0015952346 
SE0017585243 
SE0015225545 
SE0022395794 
SE0022423786 
DK0063109749 
NO0013392761 
NO0013426304 
NO0013039677 
NO0010896996 
SE0014440699 
DK0061107620 
DK0061765187 
SE0022396842 
SE0022426417 
SE0023097043 
NO0013392647 
NO0013422428 
NO0013044685 
DK0061497583 
DK0060958601 
DK0061897923 
DK0060827509 
SE0022397626 
SE0022423794 
DK0063099684 
NO0013371492 
SE0023452487 
NO0013044289 
NO0010897713 
DK0061899549 
NO0013041756 
SE0019066903 
SE0022397964 
SE0022426078 
DK0063108774 
SE0023282991 
NO0013422667 
NO0013045039 
SE0004446425 
SE0016280903 
SE0017584782 
FI4000482906 
SE0022398251 
SE0022425476 
DK0063088059 
SE0023281811 
SE0023451943 
NO0013003517 
SE0021503612 
SE0011423367 
SE0020363364 
SE0006341285 
SE0022398194 
SE0022424974 
DK0063090972 
SE0023280367 
NO0013423632 
NO0013044362 
SE0018177495 
SE0020199982 
SE0021509437 
DK0061299351 
SE0022082145 
SE0022425849 
DK0063114079 
SE0023283684 
NO0013425272 
NO0013044255 
SE0021503604 
DK0061055563 
SE0017190101 
NO0011132540 
SE0022082020 
SE0022426185 
SE0023097308 
SE0023282876 
NO0013422089 
NO0013044925 
SE0017608615 
NO0010900558 
NO0013042309 
NO0011132508 
SE0022081998 
SE0022426235 
DK0063096581 
SE0023280706 
SE0023452552 
SE0021733698 
NO0012909367 
FI4000346184 
SE0017190085 
SE0016843064 
NO0013244871 
NO0013284786 
DK0063108691 
NO0013375402 
NO0013426239 
NO0013044453 
DK0061360526 
SE0014438727 
SE0016131270 
NO0011134348 
NO0013239053 
DK0062938403 
DK0063111216 
SE0023281308 
SE0023451976 
NO0013131714 
SE0021018389 
SE0014431441 
NO0013044818 
NO0011134215 
NO0013244848 
DK0062929683 
DK0063097555 
SE0023280524 
SE0023452255 
NO0013044297 
SE0016043269 
SE0014826012 
SE0019046020 
NO0011132771 
NO0013244855 
SE0022432357 
SE0023103270 
NO0013392688 
SE0023452131 
SE0020695740 
DK0060834471 
SE0014431714 
SE0017191406 
NO0011134181 
SE0022082152 
SE0022432860 
SE0023099585 
NO0013377192 
SE0023451877

--- Page 221 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 221 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020694669 
SE0015225255 
SE0014431839 
SE0017191422 
DK0061579042 
SE0022082061 
NO0013204149 
SE0023099858 
SE0023283221 
NO0013426221 
DK0062529665 
SE0016136188 
FI4000430335 
NO0012422791 
SE0016789119 
SE0022085221 
DK0062929337 
SE0023103007 
SE0023281068 
SE0023452040 
NO0013000315 
NO0010905896 
SE0019052929 
SE0017192131 
SE0021505625 
SE0022084570 
NO0013204396 
SE0023094719 
SE0023280151 
NO0013422501 
SE0020695609 
SE0017085822 
SE0014432167 
SE0020694347 
SE0021160124 
DK0062822615 
SE0022433389 
SE0023096185 
NO0013377176 
NO0013421347 
SE0020695450 
DK0061038981 
DK0060837144 
SE0018574279 
SE0020699270 
DK0062818340 
SE0022434999 
SE0023096672 
NO0013368613 
SE0023452842 
SE0020694362 
SE0019053141 
SE0021495975 
NO0012440322 
DK0061577772 
DK0062820916 
SE0022435087 
SE0023094891 
NO0013370445 
NO0013425264 
SE0020696631 
SE0020981181 
DK0062436226 
FI4000445416 
DK0061576535 
SE0022083838 
SE0022434973 
SE0023094396 
SE0023280979 
NO0013423582 
SE0020694032 
NO0013158113 
NO0010889157 
SE0013919396 
SE0021732625 
SE0022082244 
DK0062943833 
DK0063115399 
NO0013370031 
SE0023452164 
SE0020696748 
SE0020978872 
SE0012315372 
DK0061901972 
DK0062651899 
DK0062816807 
NO0013204610 
NO0013340364 
SE0023281472 
NO0013421826 
SE0021499381 
SE0020979748 
NO0010884232 
SE0019059197 
DK0061583150 
SE0022082277 
SE0022440939 
SE0023098553 
SE0023281050 
SE0023452123 
SE0021163524 
SE0020979862 
DK0061903911 
SE0016135800 
DK0061579398 
SE0022082251 
SE0022441960 
DK0063117338 
NO0013376749 
NO0013421693 
SE0020694743 
SE0020979524 
SE0020995504 
SE0020198851 
NO0012762055 
DK0062821484 
SE0022424222 
NO0013346841 
NO0013370049 
NO0013421511 
SE0020694461 
SE0020981173 
NO0010783152 
SE0016281406 
SE0016789143 
DK0062816138 
SE0022426094 
SE0023098520 
SE0023282272 
SE0023452354 
SE0020693273 
SE0020978260 
SE0016280549 
NO0013045955 
SE0018560286 
DK0062817961 
SE0022423570 
NO0013345736 
SE0023280318 
NO0013426411 
SE0020692531 
NO0013045112 
SE0020188613 
SE0020697076 
SE0021017662 
DK0062821641 
SE0022435871 
DK0063117841 
SE0023281522 
SE0023452594 
SE0020692440 
SE0021008356 
DK0061096914 
SE0016136725 
DK0061577269 
SE0022397345 
SE0022435434 
NO0013345496 
SE0023280540 
NO0013420497 
DK0062666301 
SE0020696961 
DK0061330453 
SE0016135909 
SE0009860562 
SE0022397428 
SE0022435517 
SE0023098462 
SE0023283759 
SE0023452479 
SE0020692168 
SE0020697431 
SE0016136659 
SE0016137376 
DK0061587490 
SE0022396594 
SE0022435954 
DK0063116447 
NO0013370726 
NO0013426064 
SE0020692564 
SE0021510245 
SE0018574113 
SE0015947189 
DK0061181195 
SE0022396438 
SE0022435889 
NO0013345934 
SE0023280417 
SE0023452099 
DK0062355814 
SE0021507407 
SE0017590011 
SE0016137293 
SE0018208233 
SE0022397675 
SE0022435772 
NO0013345652 
DK0063302906 
SE0023452156 
DK0062334496 
SE0020695757 
DK0061002797 
SE0016135743 
NO0012823469 
SE0022397253 
SE0022435442 
DK0063118815 
SE0023289285 
NO0013421743 
DK0062351904 
SE0020694677 
DK0061441870 
NO0010906407 
NO0012823543 
SE0022397816 
SE0022435681 
DK0063118229 
SE0023290101 
NO0013423988 
DK0062338729 
DK0062226254 
SE0016136964 
SE0019046103 
SE0019047689 
SE0022397410 
SE0022435624 
SE0023098249 
SE0023289202 
NO0013421164 
DK0062337838 
SE0014818217 
FI4000408414 
SE0016136170 
NO0012827254 
SE0022396503 
SE0022432332 
DK0063099338 
DK0063311063 
SE0023452065 
NO0013000000 
NO0010900996 
DK0061497070 
SE0017596273 
NO0012823279 
SE0022397741 
NO0013204065 
SE0023097399 
SE0023290648 
NO0013421537 
SE0021620721 
SE0014818704 
SE0018185712 
SE0020383792 
SE0018561649 
SE0022397402 
SE0022434239 
NO0013348540 
SE0023289137 
NO0013426171 
NO0012996315 
SE0019372756 
DK0062468427 
DK0061446838 
SE0021493632 
SE0022397303 
SE0022432696 
DK0063094370 
SE0023288295 
NO0013421917 
NO0012996844 
SE0021006301 
FI4000419957 
SE0014433199 
NO0012823394 
SE0022396511 
SE0022432373 
DK0063102819 
SE0023290747 
SE0023452016 
NO0012996679 
DK0061504032 
NO0010794662 
NO0010906845 
NO0012823022 
SE0022397782 
DK0062944138 
DK0063106489 
SE0023287693 
NO0013425645 
NO0012996760 
NO0010899735 
FI4000419981 
SE0011171248 
NO0012823477 
SE0022396693 
SE0022438834 
DK0063086517 
SE0023288204 
NO0013422386 
NO0013000299 
NO0013041806 
SE0021499100 
SE0018560492 
SE0015233457 
SE0022397642 
SE0022439600 
DK0063110671 
DK0063300967 
NO0013420885 
NO0013000075 
NO0010899917 
FI4000316401 
DK0062669404 
NO0012823105 
SE0022397758 
NO0013204669 
DK0063109665 
SE0023289236 
SE0023452214 
NO0012996349 
SE0009979412 
SE0009979636 
SE0017215858 
DK0062279022 
SE0022396644 
DK0062944567 
NO0013345629 
SE0023288709 
NO0013423475 
SE0021160348 
DK0060966463 
SE0021621166 
NO0010976640 
NO0012823030 
SE0022397097 
SE0022435962 
SE0023097035 
SE0023288923 
NO0013423889 
NO0012997438 
SE0017568678 
SE0021502747 
SE0017217391 
SE0017229057 
SE0022396636 
SE0022435343 
DK0063108501 
SE0023290754 
NO0013423418 
NO0013000604 
SE0020684256 
SE0011423557 
NO0010896061 
SE0011753094 
SE0022397071 
SE0022435251 
DK0063096151 
SE0023289442 
NO0013422634 
SE0021501749 
NO0010904154 
SE0017078223 
SE0017580772 
SE0016137384 
SE0022397030 
SE0022435459 
DK0063097472 
DK0063299771 
SE0023452222 
NO0012997016 
DK0062640934 
SE0014825824 
NO0010896004 
SE0016136253 
SE0022398210 
SE0022435350 
SE0023103262 
DK0063309752 
SE0023452453 
NO0013001131 
SE0017086085 
NO0010889033 
SE0017587611 
SE0016135750 
NO0013239236 
SE0022435988 
SE0023103676 
DK0063310412 
NO0013426395 
NO0012997651 
NO0012438755 
SE0020979300 
SE0018185498 
SE0016135982 
DK0062822375 
SE0022436648 
SE0023105283 
DK0063297130 
SE0023452347 
NO0013046938 
NO0010899859 
SE0016281208 
SE0020377497 
SE0016137467 
DK0062819157 
NO0013285072 
SE0023105234 
SE0023287826 
SE0023452115 
NO0012997941 
SE0021009057 
SE0021505070 
SE0017585508 
SE0016046395 
DK0062820080 
SE0022435566 
SE0023105341 
DK0063299938 
SE0023452263 
NO0012997180 
SE0018577926 
DK0061356417 
SE0017580889 
SE0016135602 
SE0022082517 
SE0022432753 
DK0063123658 
SE0023288345 
SE0023452339 
NO0013001420 
SE0014823811 
NO0012997602 
SE0017596034 
NO0012977513 
SE0022082434 
SE0022432449 
DK0063121363 
SE0023287669 
SE0023452396 
NO0012997271 
SE0020979417 
SE0014810503 
DK0061094117 
SE0016137079 
SE0022082350 
DK0062939567 
SE0023104518 
SE0023287750 
SE0023452149 
NO0012997396 
NO0010900731 
SE0015485107 
SE0021619319 
DK0062648671 
DK0062821054 
SE0022432845 
SE0023094537 
SE0023291943 
NO0013422493 
NO0013000968 
SE0020361863 
SE0015489414 
DK0061619798 
SE0016136493 
DK0062817375 
SE0022432670 
SE0023096870 
NO0013397455 
NO0013425314 
NO0012998139 
NO0010976913 
SE0011423755 
DK0061621505 
SE0021619913 
DK0062816484 
DK0062929840 
SE0023095047 
SE0023284872 
SE0023452586 
NO0013000729 
DK0060843035 
SE0011170901 
SE0017081839 
SE0021006939 
DK0062817615 
DK0062934683 
NO0013341859 
SE0023291992 
NO0013422402 
SE0021017613 
SE0014818100 
FI4000252440 
DK0061620531 
SE0014437018 
DK0062816054 
SE0022432720 
SE0023098686 
SE0023286240 
SE0023451927 
NO0012997669 
FI4000393194 
SE0011423474 
SE0017081797 
DK0062061230 
DK0062820320 
NO0013284620 
NO0013346858 
NO0013394064 
SE0023454855 
DK0062331120 
SE0021504602 
SE0020992055 
SE0021012606 
DK0062430294 
SE0022083796 
SE0022439592 
SE0023098561 
SE0023284237 
SE0023454186

--- Page 222 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 222 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020697894 
NO0010900517 
SE0020380939 
NO0012440124 
SE0016137152 
DK0062822029 
SE0022437984 
NO0013346155 
SE0023291638 
SE0023453303 
SE0020698561 
SE0020694545 
DK0062484622 
NO0012440330 
SE0019372764 
SE0022396487 
SE0022441002 
SE0023098835 
SE0023291679 
SE0023454533 
NO0013044594 
DK0061235892 
SE0021164043 
NO0013122754 
DK0062334652 
SE0022397196 
SE0022439980 
NO0013350058 
SE0023134846 
NO0013426494 
NO0013045047 
SE0020679322 
SE0013254331 
SE0011752955 
DK0061557238 
SE0022396750 
NO0013204529 
DK0063115712 
NO0013395376 
SE0023453923 
NO0013044149 
SE0018186751 
DK0060919389 
SE0017206964 
SE0021619962 
SE0022396735 
SE0022435475 
DK0063115126 
SE0023283858 
SE0023453477 
NO0013045120 
NO0013158063 
DK0061932852 
SE0017205362 
SE0017569031 
SE0022396461 
SE0022435913 
SE0023098504 
SE0023291331 
SE0023454749 
SE0021502713 
NO0010906217 
FI4000456249 
SE0017582984 
SE0016278469 
SE0022397295 
SE0022435293 
SE0023098660 
NO0013374421 
SE0023453782 
SE0021006947 
NO0012745175 
SE0019036013 
SE0017206113 
DK0061557154 
SE0022397683 
NO0013285080 
SE0023098637 
NO0013370700 
SE0023453741 
SE0020978534 
NO0012824772 
SE0011170174 
SE0017205222 
DK0061556776 
SE0022397709 
SE0022436036 
DK0063089024 
SE0023283825 
SE0023454673 
SE0020979144 
NO0010906209 
SE0013930948 
DK0061661568 
SE0016129977 
SE0022398137 
SE0022435574 
DK0063093992 
SE0023281076 
SE0023453311 
SE0020978831 
DK0061321973 
DK0062668190 
DK0061663341 
SE0016129696 
SE0022396834 
SE0022435830 
DK0063103460 
SE0023281993 
SE0023454202 
SE0021015328 
SE0017215056 
SE0021499449 
SE0012567618 
SE0021506961 
SE0022398061 
SE0022436077 
NO0013349035 
SE0023280631 
SE0023453113 
SE0020980340 
NO0010902497 
DK0061447562 
SE0017208242 
SE0020381614 
SE0022397949 
SE0022436002 
DK0063087168 
SE0023281654 
SE0023452982 
SE0020978930 
SE0015226758 
NO0010976772 
SE0017072473 
NO0011100844 
SE0022397774 
SE0022435483 
DK0063111646 
NO0013376343 
SE0023454475 
SE0020979680 
SE0021014081 
SE0017219389 
DK0062060422 
SE0016131783 
SE0022397667 
SE0022435301 
DK0063086434 
NO0013368316 
SE0023453725 
SE0020979540 
SE0013933959 
DK0061484177 
SE0018538332 
SE0004580363 
NO0013161000 
SE0022435715 
DK0063107610 
NO0013375188 
SE0023453865 
SE0020979938 
NO0010899446 
SE0012315026 
SE0017208101 
SE0016131734 
SE0022067872 
SE0022435665 
DK0063095856 
NO0013392571 
SE0023453683 
DK0062556122 
NO0010899594 
DK0061015856 
FI4000538277 
SE0016131809 
NO0013160713 
SE0022435970 
DK0063112453 
SE0023282298 
SE0023454210 
NO0013047332 
SE0017589880 
DK0061185501 
SE0018576639 
SE0018178352 
SE0022068839 
NO0013285114 
DK0063113774 
SE0023281365 
SE0023453147 
SE0020979367 
FI4000447289 
DK0061159266 
SE0016136857 
DK0061605060 
DK0062776837 
SE0022435418 
DK0063102736 
SE0023280466 
SE0023453287 
SE0020978310 
SE0014822821 
DK0062658472 
SE0016136816 
DK0062643870 
NO0013208389 
SE0022435467 
DK0063107297 
NO0013372730 
SE0023453899 
SE0020980027 
SE0012322543 
SE0013926391 
SE0016789929 
NO0013000760 
DK0062775003 
SE0022433330 
NO0013350280 
SE0023281480 
SE0023454194 
SE0020693489 
SE0014821047 
FI4000432703 
SE0016135644 
SE0016131726 
NO0013160911 
SE0022432381 
DK0063091194 
SE0023280433 
SE0023452271 
DK0062418406 
SE0014822201 
SE0021502341 
SE0016137491 
SE0021499423 
NO0013239228 
SE0022431854 
DK0063108345 
SE0023282918 
SE0023452362 
DK0062426508 
SE0021164050 
SE0014447165 
SE0011171016 
SE0016131767 
DK0062830550 
SE0022431631 
NO0013349878 
SE0023281910 
SE0023452909 
DK0062414926 
SE0020694594 
SE0015669007 
SE0016281133 
NO0010826001 
SE0022084026 
NO0013204198 
SE0023105689 
NO0013368696 
NO0013425785 
DK0062422358 
SE0021014925 
SE0016135784 
SE0016281042 
SE0012315521 
SE0022084000 
SE0022432365 
SE0023105630 
SE0023283304 
NO0013423467 
SE0021004041 
SE0020694867 
SE0019035072 
SE0016281117 
DK0061604097 
DK0062829974 
SE0022433553 
SE0023105507 
NO0013376905 
NO0013426544 
SE0021004058 
SE0020694982 
SE0017075864 
SE0016281240 
NO0010896947 
DK0062827929 
DK0062944484 
SE0023105416 
SE0023287891 
NO0013420315 
DK0062415063 
SE0021508645 
SE0014447074 
DK0062130498 
DK0061600699 
NO0013201327 
SE0022437950 
SE0023104351 
DK0063312897 
NO0013423772 
DK0062421970 
SE0021013281 
SE0021505328 
FI4000493077 
DK0062474664 
SE0022086997 
NO0013285833 
NO0013343764 
DK0063306576 
SE0023451935 
SE0021003811 
NO0012997750 
SE0009859846 
SE0016281356 
DK0061368263 
SE0022086906 
NO0013285353 
SE0023105937 
SE0023288246 
SE0023452248 
SE0021003621 
SE0020694065 
NO0012765892 
DK0061621778 
FI4000050604 
SE0022086930 
SE0022439865 
SE0023105192 
SE0023288899 
SE0023452057 
SE0021003738 
SE0020695799 
DK0060840361 
SE0017078272 
SE0017073745 
DK0062831285 
SE0022435376 
SE0023104617 
DK0063305685 
SE0023454897 
SE0021003605 
SE0020696086 
SE0014446977 
SE0019030503 
SE0017202310 
SE0022086591 
SE0022435731 
SE0023096979 
SE0023290887 
SE0023452933 
SE0021003662 
SE0020381572 
SE0021496007 
SE0016281448 
SE0015667811 
SE0022086625 
SE0022436192 
SE0023105606 
SE0023290192 
SE0023454079 
SE0021003712 
SE0020381648 
SE0014446936 
SE0019371451 
SE0005471224 
NO0013201319 
SE0022436085 
SE0023098744 
DK0063301346 
SE0023453519 
SE0021003696 
DK0062292983 
DK0061899895 
DK0062400115 
SE0017073463 
SE0022087144 
SE0022435848 
SE0023098454 
SE0023287735 
SE0023454772 
NO0012999996 
DK0062642559 
SE0016603039 
DK0061399144 
SE0020679306 
NO0013245282 
SE0022435582 
NO0013340448 
DK0063308192 
SE0023453204 
NO0012999913 
SE0020381531 
NO0010998719 
SE0019023045 
SE0018187536 
DK0062832416 
NO0013285122 
NO0013349613 
SE0023288592 
NO0013421297 
NO0012996240 
SE0020383024 
NO0010912850 
SE0017217730 
DK0061600772 
NO0013245290 
SE0022436044 
NO0013348581 
DK0063305172 
SE0023453964 
NO0012996497 
DK0062292397 
SE0012314276 
SE0019910266 
DK0061604410 
NO0013161018 
SE0022435491 
SE0023098512 
SE0023289145 
SE0023453543 
DK0062505137 
SE0021507118 
SE0017076318 
SE0015665765 
SE0011169960 
SE0022068250 
NO0013285023 
NO0013349944 
SE0023288055 
SE0023453907 
NO0012996463 
SE0020382083 
SE0012568145 
SE0020200004 
SE0019036526 
SE0022067351 
SE0022431771 
DK0063118732 
DK0063306147 
SE0023454491 
NO0012999905 
NO0010899487 
SE0021017985 
SE0017218977 
SE0020193779 
NO0013161026 
SE0022432639 
DK0063118492 
DK0063312624 
SE0023453162 
NO0012999749 
NO0010901374 
SE0015945167 
SE0017075948 
SE0018577678 
NO0013208199 
SE0022433603 
NO0013346601 
SE0023288758 
SE0023454418 
DK0062639258 
NO0010899958 
DK0060962637 
SE0017221906 
SE0019045394 
NO0013160739 
SE0022434692 
NO0013349258 
DK0063300611 
SE0023453048 
NO0012996570 
SE0017612492 
FI4000421805 
DK0061038049 
NO0010899669 
NO0013208249 
SE0022432779 
SE0023098736 
SE0023289186 
SE0023453196 
NO0012995721 
DK0060997690 
FI4000318472 
SE0019056417 
SE0019023359 
SE0022067377 
SE0022437919 
SE0023098629 
SE0023288477 
SE0023453360 
NO0012995663 
SE0019901505 
DK0062631198 
SE0017221989 
SE0018577710 
DK0062776084 
SE0022437901 
DK0063107966 
SE0023288584 
SE0023454046 
SE0020686475 
NO0010899727 
SE0013929502 
NO0012452939 
DK0061932696 
SE0022085072 
DK0062951349 
DK0063092325 
DK0063307541 
SE0023453006 
SE0021016110 
SE0020361293 
SE0019897901 
SE0018185134 
SE0009860091 
SE0022084836 
SE0022437976 
DK0063104948 
SE0023289228 
SE0023454061

--- Page 223 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 223 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0012995747 
NO0011022519 
SE0019036021 
SE0017081870 
SE0018577777 
DK0062829388 
DK0062952156 
DK0063098017 
SE0023288121 
SE0023453824 
NO0012995762 
DK0061896016 
SE0013929478 
DK0061617586 
SE0020698256 
DK0062826954 
SE0022438008 
NO0013344127 
SE0023289780 
NO0013426486 
SE0020686871 
SE0021512076 
SE0015671334 
NO0013158196 
SE0019045683 
DK0062829115 
DK0062943916 
DK0063106562 
SE0023288220 
SE0023454376 
SE0020685634 
SE0015225651 
SE0013928637 
SE0017081912 
SE0018578007 
DK0062829032 
SE0022436408 
SE0023098223 
DK0063310172 
SE0023453535 
SE0020697126 
SE0015236534 
SE0021732831 
SE0017081953 
SE0018577843 
SE0022086583 
NO0013204537 
NO0013341925 
SE0023290564 
SE0023453345 
SE0020698421 
NO0013044875 
FI4000424031 
SE0021502879 
SE0009979305 
DK0062831608 
SE0022435806 
DK0063091863 
DK0063311659 
SE0023454483 
SE0020697191 
SE0015489281 
SE0021161239 
SE0019051350 
SE0013918083 
SE0022086872 
SE0022436069 
DK0063108931 
SE0023289244 
NO0013421321 
SE0020698215 
SE0015225669 
SE0013529690 
DK0061622826 
SE0017222318 
DK0062833067 
NO0013285007 
DK0063090899 
SE0023288659 
SE0023452388 
SE0021015567 
FI4000382833 
NO0010797012 
DK0061623394 
SE0019053679 
SE0022086963 
SE0022435723 
DK0063097043 
DK0063307707 
SE0023451869 
SE0020697142 
SE0015225610 
NO0010977051 
SE0021499712 
SE0016137111 
DK0062831012 
NO0013285056 
DK0063092671 
SE0023289970 
SE0023452495 
SE0020698603 
SE0015225578 
SE0019044108 
DK0062336004 
SE0018563025 
SE0022086617 
SE0022435160 
SE0023097357 
NO0013400093 
SE0023451992 
DK0062652780 
SE0011168525 
NO0012823089 
DK0061621422 
SE0016285308 
SE0022087102 
SE0022435905 
DK0063089537 
NO0013394452 
NO0013425660 
SE0020698645 
SE0010134742 
SE0012315315 
SE0017169881 
SE0020188407 
NO0013201269 
SE0022436614 
DK0063100011 
SE0023284963 
SE0023452735 
DK0062358081 
FI4000462247 
FI4000393293 
SE0017161623 
SE0016592307 
DK0062832333 
NO0013204511 
DK0063121280 
SE0023291836 
SE0023451893 
SE0020698553 
SE0021499621 
SE0021623063 
SE0021621794 
SE0018548588 
DK0062832929 
SE0022435335 
SE0023105531 
SE0023283965 
SE0023452024 
SE0020698165 
SE0019357724 
SE0015242177 
SE0021012994 
FI4000419965 
SE0022087086 
SE0022436119 
SE0023105499 
DK0063315999 
NO0013425298 
SE0020698306 
SE0015224126 
SE0011753052 
SE0016278683 
SE0016592711 
SE0022394912 
SE0022432555 
NO0013346478 
SE0023286273 
NO0013422006 
DK0062354841 
SE0015667761 
DK0060845758 
SE0013928629 
SE0021008158 
NO0013160770 
SE0022433827 
DK0063125943 
DK0063320213 
NO0013420158 
SE0020698132 
DK0061301199 
NO0013000307 
SE0017105059 
DK0061573862 
SE0022085882 
DK0062929766 
SE0023105317 
SE0023291588 
NO0013421354 
SE0020698090 
SE0021180783 
SE0015665773 
SE0017105067 
SE0016592299 
DK0062830634 
NO0013204420 
SE0023105671 
DK0063319041 
NO0013423541 
SE0020993533 
NO0010906365 
SE0013928371 
SE0021496056 
SE0016592315 
DK0062828810 
SE0022433884 
SE0023106430 
SE0023286208 
SE0023454921 
SE0020380137 
NO0010900939 
SE0018570673 
SE0020183622 
SE0016592729 
SE0022084018 
SE0022434213 
DK0063134697 
SE0023280276 
SE0023454392 
SE0020380954 
SE0021012655 
SE0012315380 
SE0018558132 
DK0061905296 
DK0062825121 
SE0022432506 
SE0023106307 
NO0013369371 
SE0023453154 
SE0021505138 
NO0010898315 
DK0061035292 
SE0021505286 
SE0016592372 
DK0062826871 
SE0022437851 
DK0063134267 
SE0023280912 
SE0023453337 
SE0020377281 
DK0061041506 
DK0061494481 
SE0017588601 
SE0018572695 
DK0062830048 
SE0022438677 
DK0063138417 
SE0023283130 
SE0023453873 
SE0020979201 
SE0013934130 
SE0013920022 
SE0017589187 
SE0016592380 
DK0062827846 
DK0062949954 
DK0063137609 
SE0023283726 
SE0023454020 
SE0020978575 
SE0014817904 
DK0061037827 
DK0062135539 
SE0017576291 
SE0022084034 
NO0013204677 
DK0063138094 
SE0023280516 
SE0023454764 
SE0020978880 
DK0060703296 
DK0060998235 
NO0010918287 
NO0010913197 
DK0062831798 
SE0022437844 
SE0023106422 
NO0013372227 
SE0023453931 
SE0020979698 
SE0019040668 
SE0013926441 
SE0014818514 
SE0016039085 
SE0022086971 
SE0022437927 
SE0023106299 
SE0023283635 
SE0023454145 
SE0020696367 
SE0015943873 
SE0014818084 
SE0015240023 
SE0016278881 
NO0013245332 
NO0013285379 
DK0063136122 
SE0023282009 
SE0023453436 
SE0020695195 
NO0010897895 
FI4000253554 
SE0019359357 
SE0021160355 
SE0022086658 
SE0022436093 
DK0063135744 
NO0013373548 
SE0023454426 
SE0021624210 
NO0010898786 
SE0014818605 
SE0021616968 
SE0016279848 
SE0022395067 
SE0022435608 
DK0063140660 
SE0023282405 
SE0023454038 
SE0020695120 
SE0018561367 
DK0061037231 
SE0016280606 
NO0011134223 
SE0022087128 
SE0022435327 
SE0023098694 
SE0023280219 
SE0023454608 
SE0020696532 
NO0010898497 
SE0009860737 
SE0016280671 
SE0020188605 
SE0022086708 
SE0022435541 
SE0023098819 
SE0023280110 
SE0023453691 
SE0020694081 
NO0010898372 
SE0021505302 
DK0062059176 
SE0016279756 
SE0022086500 
SE0022435707 
NO0013346817 
SE0023283510 
SE0023454467 
SE0021008083 
NO0010898026 
SE0018557936 
SE0016280812 
SE0016278444 
SE0022394938 
SE0022436127 
NO0013345207 
SE0023281019 
SE0023453055 
SE0020694503 
SE0010983163 
SE0011761360 
SE0016280960 
SE0021017399 
SE0022086716 
SE0022435210 
SE0023098611 
NO0013368910 
SE0023453386 
SE0020694099 
DK0062227815 
SE0010131110 
SE0016281059 
DK0061621695 
SE0022087094 
SE0022436218 
SE0023098751 
NO0013372532 
SE0023453246 
SE0020696185 
SE0018548604 
SE0009980485 
SE0016281141 
SE0018185191 
DK0062815676 
SE0022435194 
NO0013340075 
SE0023281985 
SE0023453634 
SE0020694164 
NO0010903727 
SE0020387819 
DK0062421038 
SE0018573032 
SE0022082566 
SE0022435426 
DK0063117684 
SE0023281902 
SE0023453642 
SE0020694693 
DK0060997500 
DK0061181005 
SE0014449294 
SE0019897497 
DK0062819074 
NO0013204461 
NO0013340042 
SE0023280755 
SE0023453568 
SE0021506052 
FI4000444096 
DK0062445649 
SE0016281307 
SE0016278923 
DK0062821807 
SE0022433942 
NO0013341792 
SE0023281357 
SE0023454400 
SE0020696482 
NO0010998636 
DK0060905164 
FI4000252648 
SE0004580223 
SE0022082335 
SE0022432613 
DK0063116520 
SE0023280797 
NO0013422741 
SE0020694628 
DK0061498391 
SE0013933603 
SE0016794291 
SE0016838221 
DK0062821211 
NO0013284729 
NO0013343145 
NO0013369413 
SE0023454517 
SE0021506946 
NO0010899941 
SE0018572182 
SE0016794192 
SE0016279889 
DK0062818183 
NO0013284547 
NO0013344135 
SE0023283312 
SE0023453071 
DK0062381307 
SE0021502028 
DK0060965739 
SE0012568004 
DK0062478814 
SE0022083812 
SE0022432514 
DK0063107537 
SE0023290861 
SE0023452198 
DK0062375093 
FI4000231154 
SE0019042599 
SE0016794671 
SE0016134084 
SE0022082426 
SE0022433363 
DK0063086004 
SE0023287743 
SE0023452669 
SE0021733250 
SE0019901257 
SE0014446928 
DK0062203477 
SE0016134118 
DK0062818266 
NO0013203968 
DK0063088489 
SE0023289368 
NO0013424697 
DK0062385993 
DK0061901113 
NO0010896798 
SE0016795645 
SE0014818506 
SE0022082343 
SE0022432217 
DK0063104195 
SE0023288485 
SE0023452446 
DK0062375416 
NO0010899313 
NO0010882137 
SE0018548976 
SE0018563595 
DK0062822102 
DK0062928958 
DK0063105754 
SE0023289061 
SE0023453295 
DK0062383865 
NO0010899685 
SE0013933637 
NO0012824707 
SE0014446985 
DK0062816567 
DK0062927125 
SE0023097225 
SE0023288972 
NO0013424606 
DK0062374013 
SE0019356916 
SE0017215874 
SE0016795652 
NO0011048787 
SE0022082509 
SE0022432134 
NO0013341446 
SE0023290416 
SE0023454541

--- Page 224 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 224 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062379327 
NO0010899255 
FI4000393186 
DK0062375846 
SE0017214745 
DK0062828141 
NO0013284232 
DK0063090030 
DK0063305412 
SE0023452958 
DK0062381737 
SE0021160520 
SE0011169978 
FI4000305081 
NO0011048910 
DK0062828737 
NO0013284208 
DK0063101092 
SE0023288741 
SE0023453501 
NO0013046904 
SE0013930252 
DK0062431854 
NO0012727942 
SE0020680106 
DK0062830477 
SE0022431995 
DK0063091780 
SE0023290994 
SE0023454780 
DK0062373205 
SE0021616273 
FI4000392717 
DK0061703154 
SE0018184285 
DK0062828224 
DK0062926903 
DK0063087911 
SE0023287602 
SE0023453329 
DK0062375689 
NO0012974072 
SE0018563967 
SE0021502945 
FI4000316948 
SE0022396032 
SE0022432001 
DK0063101258 
DK0063302740 
SE0023453238 
DK0062378949 
SE0020381564 
SE0019053554 
SE0020988194 
NO0011048936 
SE0022395356 
DK0062926663 
DK0063108428 
SE0023288774 
SE0023453451 
SE0021015633 
SE0020697548 
SE0014440673 
DK0061376282 
NO0011048894 
SE0022395299 
NO0013284307 
DK0063092242 
SE0023290028 
SE0023453014 
SE0020684926 
NO0012976507 
SE0013255395 
NO0010896582 
SE0017576705 
NO0013201293 
NO0013284299 
SE0023105051 
SE0023288139 
SE0023454129 
DK0062341780 
SE0020381655 
NO0010903628 
SE0011761576 
SE0016136956 
SE0022086518 
NO0013203992 
SE0023105127 
SE0023288022 
SE0023454681 
SE0020684579 
DK0062292710 
FI4000473756 
SE0018573040 
SE0019055880 
SE0022086609 
SE0022439873 
SE0023105366 
SE0023290440 
SE0023454236 
NO0013042580 
NO0012976523 
SE0013929676 
SE0017596026 
SE0019056441 
SE0022394847 
SE0022439816 
DK0063132642 
DK0063315056 
SE0023454582 
SE0020683266 
DK0062293361 
DK0062201505 
SE0020182848 
NO0012743139 
SE0022087045 
NO0013285395 
DK0063121017 
NO0013396218 
SE0023453527 
SE0020683456 
SE0020382208 
SE0017222698 
SE0017097645 
SE0019056565 
SE0022086955 
SE0022439766 
SE0023103320 
SE0023291208 
SE0023453469 
SE0021002029 
SE0020382331 
SE0021013307 
SE0020995348 
SE0019055682 
SE0022086666 
NO0013285452 
SE0023105184 
SE0023291091 
SE0023454004 
SE0021159886 
NO0013046854 
SE0014448312 
SE0018583494 
DK0061625928 
SE0022086484 
NO0013285577 
SE0023105325 
DK0063328380 
SE0023453790 
SE0020994515 
SE0020381606 
SE0019041070 
SE0019027707 
SE0019053661 
DK0062832689 
NO0013285031 
DK0063120639 
SE0023283882 
SE0023453410 
SE0021001930 
SE0020382893 
DK0061953858 
SE0021507498 
SE0021622164 
SE0022394946 
SE0022436200 
DK0063126594 
SE0023284054 
SE0023454574 
SE0021732997 
NO0013003400 
DK0061300464 
SE0014810255 
SE0020188431 
DK0062811097 
SE0022436226 
SE0023105168 
NO0013400721 
SE0023454566 
SE0020994523 
SE0021013729 
DK0060837730 
SE0012315257 
DK0061235546 
SE0022082368 
SE0022435756 
SE0023103932 
SE0023291604 
SE0023454087 
SE0021008323 
NO0013044669 
SE0017076458 
SE0019026659 
DK0061958576 
DK0062821567 
SE0022435590 
SE0023105432 
DK0063329511 
SE0023454806 
SE0020379311 
NO0013044339 
DK0061189925 
SE0017573660 
SE0019056458 
DK0062816641 
NO0013204560 
SE0023105309 
SE0023283973 
SE0023453378 
SE0020379766 
NO0012999145 
NO0013155176 
SE0014436655 
NO0012743105 
DK0062817458 
NO0013204503 
DK0063121793 
DK0063330600 
SE0023453576 
SE0020376523 
SE0021622925 
SE0011171743 
FI4000316542 
SE0021013380 
DK0062819744 
SE0022435285 
SE0023104120 
SE0023284013 
SE0023454459 
SE0020377133 
NO0013044701 
SE0020388239 
DK0060972198 
SE0015489349 
SE0022083820 
SE0022435657 
SE0023105085 
DK0063316021 
SE0023453956 
SE0020377331 
SE0021002383 
SE0014435772 
SE0013255387 
NO0010904295 
DK0062818506 
SE0022435178 
NO0013341974 
DK0063323589 
SE0023453626 
SE0020378040 
SE0014821989 
SE0021503901 
DK0061035532 
SE0019056615 
DK0062816724 
SE0022433959 
SE0023098587 
DK0063314596 
SE0023453717 
NO0012975517 
NO0013001198 
FI4000253372 
SE0021007630 
SE0019040148 
SE0022082723 
SE0022434338 
SE0023098678 
SE0023291935 
SE0023454640 
SE0020376952 
SE0021011269 
NO0010887987 
SE0018171746 
SE0009860166 
NO0013244921 
NO0013284554 
DK0063119466 
SE0023285879 
SE0023454632 
SE0020698504 
NO0010792112 
SE0016136998 
NO0010976905 
SE0017608441 
DK0062817532 
SE0022434957 
NO0013347377 
SE0023291620 
SE0023453675 
SE0020694644 
SE0015224241 
NO0010889231 
SE0021622859 
SE0019055955 
DK0062815833 
SE0022432852 
NO0013339994 
DK0063313945 
SE0023454178 
SE0020378826 
SE0015225230 
DK0060829638 
DK0061209038 
NO0012744376 
SE0022082285 
SE0022433793 
DK0063116959 
DK0063319470 
SE0023454301 
SE0020377893 
NO0012743204 
SE0017200603 
DK0060972511 
SE0018569121 
SE0022395448 
DK0062933958 
NO0013348730 
SE0023291406 
SE0023454871 
SE0021154010 
DK0061157641 
NO0010904188 
DK0060972271 
SE0011171578 
SE0022395729 
SE0022428090 
DK0063131594 
SE0023291661 
SE0023452925 
SE0020377638 
SE0014823316 
SE0021180148 
DK0060867489 
SE0018577835 
SE0022396206 
SE0022427787 
DK0063120043 
SE0023285721 
SE0023453980 
SE0020380087 
SE0014823407 
NO0010900293 
DK0062048138 
SE0019362484 
SE0022395323 
SE0022438198 
SE0023105820 
SE0023291380 
SE0023454863 
NO0013045302 
SE0021504677 
SE0017580897 
SE0016278980 
NO0010902794 
SE0022395471 
DK0062944054 
SE0023103601 
SE0023281084 
SE0023454160 
SE0020992295 
SE0016279038 
SE0021616562 
NO0012827999 
SE0016839948 
SE0022395398 
NO0013204685 
NO0013346569 
SE0023282199 
SE0023453220 
SE0020184745 
SE0014823720 
SE0012957959 
DK0062649059 
SE0021015955 
SE0022086898 
SE0022435277 
DK0063092168 
NO0013392548 
SE0023454830 
NO0012913062 
SE0014823761 
SE0020980266 
SE0014437364 
SE0016838379 
SE0022086922 
SE0022435525 
NO0013348938 
SE0023281100 
SE0023454152 
SE0020184117 
NO0013083394 
SE0018577868 
SE0013932233 
SE0016839922 
DK0062831368 
SE0022435392 
DK0063096078 
SE0023280383 
SE0023453659 
SE0020184000 
SE0014823480 
SE0014449021 
NO0013089623 
SE0014818746 
SE0022394953 
SE0022435509 
NO0013349050 
NO0013378620 
NO0013424390 
SE0020183341 
SE0021163631 
SE0015667803 
NO0010829450 
SE0018184970 
SE0022394979 
SE0022435947 
DK0063096318 
NO0013368480 
SE0023453832 
SE0021154424 
NO0010898398 
SE0009860935 
SE0021160256 
SE0016837843 
DK0062832176 
SE0022435558 
DK0063091517 
SE0023283486 
SE0023453493 
SE0020183853 
NO0010898562 
SE0011423771 
NO0010906894 
SE0016838585 
SE0022394987 
SE0022435921 
DK0063097209 
NO0013392555 
SE0023453584 
DK0062212544 
SE0019363516 
FI4000239629 
SE0019056599 
SE0016838544 
DK0062832846 
SE0022436390 
DK0063112370 
NO0013371609 
SE0023454525 
DK0062215133 
DK0060847101 
DK0061393535 
SE0021160140 
SE0016838874 
SE0022086492 
SE0022436101 
SE0023097290 
NO0013373183 
SE0023453972 
DK0062215802 
SE0020362697 
SE0011169754 
SE0019065061 
SE0018565442 
SE0022086542 
SE0022435384 
DK0063095500 
SE0023280730 
SE0023454509 
SE0017170483 
NO0010910946 
SE0018572216 
SE0019035056 
SE0016278972 
SE0022081154 
SE0022436051 
DK0063112107 
NO0013376327 
SE0023454889 
SE0017170590 
SE0012568103 
NO0010902265 
SE0014435939 
SE0016278485 
SE0022081170 
NO0013285064 
DK0063112610 
NO0013369165 
NO0013423178 
SE0018553489 
SE0014827861 
DK0060841849 
SE0014814828 
SE0021498870 
SE0022081410 
SE0022435244 
SE0023097282 
SE0023283122 
SE0023454707 
SE0018553901 
DK0062358164 
SE0011169101 
SE0017613623 
DK0061375714 
SE0022081477 
SE0022432324 
DK0063087754 
NO0013371757 
SE0023454699 
SE0018553869 
SE0019367731 
DK0060833747 
DK0062365532 
SE0017201502 
SE0022080503 
NO0013284810 
DK0063112883 
SE0023283031 
SE0023453394

--- Page 225 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 225 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0018554032 
SE0016279335 
SE0013933165 
DK0061589868 
SE0020363315 
SE0022082186 
NO0013284638 
DK0063093646 
SE0023283023 
SE0023453105 
SE0018553943 
NO0010910201 
SE0015236575 
FI4000318464 
SE0017082308 
DK0062819827 
SE0022434940 
SE0023105812 
SE0023281845 
SE0023453774 
SE0018554230 
SE0017078553 
SE0014440947 
NO0010829476 
SE0015239595 
SE0022082459 
SE0022432647 
SE0023105580 
SE0023280482 
SE0023453188 
SE0021502952 
SE0014827630 
SE0016136840 
SE0021499258 
SE0016603096 
DK0062821724 
DK0062934097 
SE0023105903 
SE0023281241 
SE0023453758 
SE0009860729 
FI4000421250 
SE0016609150 
NO0012729195 
SE0009860539 
SE0022082624 
SE0022433439 
NO0013348839 
SE0023280227 
NO0013426049 
SE0020376051 
NO0013089656 
SE0021503455 
SE0017214414 
SE0016603088 
DK0062822458 
SE0022427548 
SE0023103809 
NO0013375238 
SE0023454665 
SE0015952387 
FI4000495890 
SE0009860869 
SE0017214125 
NO0010956394 
DK0062821997 
SE0022441457 
SE0023105044 
NO0013369306 
SE0023453402 
SE0015951744 
NO0010901176 
SE0019066879 
NO0012846767 
SE0016602783 
DK0062815916 
SE0022441036 
DK0063120555 
DK0063298880 
SE0023453444 
SE0021152931 
DK0062440848 
SE0020992444 
DK0061036506 
DK0060716512 
SE0022082533 
SE0022441440 
SE0023105101 
SE0023287909 
SE0023453592 
NO0010998743 
NO0010899883 
DK0061375987 
SE0017214166 
SE0018539249 
SE0022083846 
SE0022438990 
SE0023103478 
SE0023288675 
SE0023454251 
NO0010896418 
SE0013251097 
NO0012996851 
SE0017213879 
NO0012429150 
SE0022082194 
NO0013285213 
NO0013350314 
SE0023289152 
SE0023453485 
SE0015948195 
SE0021015195 
DK0061214467 
SE0019361346 
SE0019067778 
DK0062820247 
DK0062942009 
DK0063138177 
SE0023288600 
SE0023453709 
NO0010998768 
SE0015667746 
DK0061419355 
SE0019367558 
SE0017167422 
DK0062863809 
SE0022434700 
DK0063140157 
DK0063305099 
SE0023454137 
SE0015951975 
SE0015667712 
SE0019364035 
SE0017214000 
SE0016137228 
SE0022404463 
NO0013204206 
DK0063140900 
DK0063309166 
SE0023454616 
SE0017090244 
NO0010899537 
NO0010977028 
SE0017214372 
DK0062076345 
SE0022404364 
DK0062935300 
DK0063138847 
SE0023288527 
SE0023453667 
SE0021505047 
SE0020187987 
SE0021007655 
SE0017214299 
SE0016279509 
DK0062848172 
SE0022427589 
DK0063141981 
DK0063300884 
SE0023453063 
SE0015951504 
NO0010896939 
SE0018175630 
SE0017211816 
SE0016278857 
DK0062864880 
SE0022427647 
DK0063134937 
SE0023289392 
SE0023454590 
SE0019056573 
SE0017073422 
SE0012568228 
SE0017214117 
DK0061620374 
DK0062859880 
SE0022427852 
DK0063140587 
DK0063312541 
SE0023454335 
SE0015951389 
SE0020384600 
SE0015945753 
SE0017214323 
SE0016278956 
DK0062864450 
SE0022427738 
DK0063134184 
SE0023289699 
SE0023454434 
SE0015951553 
SE0018171720 
DK0060848349 
SE0017214364 
SE0016279129 
DK0062863130 
SE0022437521 
SE0023106323 
DK0063306063 
SE0023452966 
SE0015951512 
NO0010901499 
FI4000391610 
SE0013917283 
SE0016284491 
DK0062850236 
SE0022437364 
DK0063134507 
DK0063313432 
SE0023454624 
FI4000506647 
NO0010898133 
SE0021155587 
SE0017214810 
SE0016279186 
SE0022404000 
NO0013285189 
NO0013345827 
SE0023290366 
SE0023453428 
SE0015947155 
SE0015496781 
SE0014816450 
SE0021504263 
SE0021155629 
DK0062859450 
SE0022437588 
SE0023105135 
DK0063305339 
SE0023454293 
SE0020185882 
SE0018171605 
SE0021161783 
SE0021014339 
SE0016279996 
DK0062861357 
SE0022437430 
SE0023103957 
SE0023288261 
SE0023454442 
NO0012844135 
NO0010976574 
SE0015951892 
SE0017215098 
SE0020976389 
SE0022404117 
SE0022579058 
SE0023104237 
SE0023288915 
SE0023453022 
DK0062131462 
NO0010957780 
SE0018583767 
SE0017097546 
SE0016278535 
SE0022404232 
SE0022580726 
NO0013350116 
SE0023288782 
SE0023454111 
DK0062130811 
SE0011975101 
SE0013930617 
SE0018568792 
SE0016279939 
DK0062858569 
SE0022578316 
SE0023105804 
SE0023286299 
SE0023454657 
NO0012844127 
NO0013045013 
SE0013930583 
SE0016609135 
SE0020377653 
SE0022406328 
SE0022580841 
DK0063133533 
NO0013397489 
SE0023453766 
DK0062130308 
NO0013003319 
DK0060458552 
SE0016791065 
SE0015485420 
SE0022407136 
SE0022579413 
SE0023105267 
SE0023284583 
SE0023453949 
DK0062121828 
NO0013045096 
DK0061789609 
SE0017216104 
SE0019021858 
SE0022406245 
DK0062984431 
SE0023105705 
SE0023286216 
SE0023453600 
SE0018554479 
NO0013044438 
DK0061199569 
DK0062432746 
SE0019037474 
SE0022406633 
DK0062984357 
DK0063123575 
SE0023291562 
SE0023454277 
DK0062129565 
NO0013044230 
NO0010956162 
DK0061590957 
SE0016279269 
SE0022405809 
SE0022579322 
SE0023105291 
SE0023283841 
SE0023454798 
DK0062129649 
NO0013130369 
SE0016278741 
SE0017589492 
SE0016278493 
SE0022407532 
SE0022579082 
NO0013347351 
SE0023134861 
SE0023449509 
DK0062121661 
NO0013044578 
DK0062640777 
SE0020981017 
NO0012762386 
SE0022406534 
DK0062987376 
DK0063102579 
SE0023291927 
NO0013395848 
DK0062129482 
NO0013044719 
DK0061170669 
SE0020377398 
SE0019044124 
NO0013202184 
SE0022446050 
DK0063105671 
DK0063314836 
SE0023448022 
SE0018542789 
NO0013045021 
SE0020363372 
SE0017214729 
SE0011170620 
DK0062867982 
SE0022446142 
DK0063109822 
DK0063317425 
DK0063418025 
SE0020366813 
NO0012999020 
NO0010792104 
SE0017216252 
NO0012762287 
NO0013202705 
SE0022445540 
NO0013348425 
SE0023284443 
SE0023449699 
SE0020368090 
NO0013044354 
SE0010627950 
SE0020989093 
SE0017569395 
NO0013202572 
SE0022578357 
DK0063088562 
SE0023291174 
SE0023447925 
SE0019899436 
NO0013003327 
SE0013930310 
SE0017073620 
SE0019023383 
NO0013202739 
NO0013305573 
DK0063104864 
SE0023286026 
SE0023448303 
SE0021156528 
DK0062427829 
SE0016042121 
SE0019044082 
SE0019043993 
NO0013202150 
DK0062983037 
DK0063093059 
NO0013393934 
SE0023447875 
SE0020377794 
SE0020980530 
DK0061362068 
SE0017215106 
SE0021506938 
SE0022398871 
SE0022580718 
DK0063105911 
SE0023291323 
SE0023447859 
SE0019899493 
SE0020980738 
SE0014444329 
SE0017215080 
SE0019044017 
SE0022398954 
SE0022580684 
NO0013347302 
DK0063318589 
NO0013395533 
SE0019899238 
SE0020980001 
SE0018207573 
DK0060973089 
SE0019042532 
SE0022398855 
SE0022580874 
SE0023097274 
SE0023291273 
SE0023448550 
DK0062139010 
SE0020979268 
DK0060716439 
SE0021503521 
SE0019042631 
SE0022400123 
SE0022578456 
DK0063102496 
NO0013399709 
SE0023448808 
SE0019894593 
SE0020979425 
NO0010902240 
FI4000445424 
SE0014431573 
SE0022400222 
SE0022578506 
DK0063111489 
SE0023291463 
DK0063414032 
SE0019893603 
DK0062658555 
DK0060965499 
DK0062658043 
SE0017568983 
SE0022400255 
SE0022578563 
SE0023105572 
SE0023283247 
SE0023449475 
SE0019893546 
SE0014823175 
NO0010794563 
DK0061399300 
SE0021511839 
SE0022399143 
NO0013240499 
SE0023105895 
SE0023282397 
SE0023448386 
SE0021008422 
SE0014823282 
DK0061185428 
SE0011760404 
SE0016838361 
SE0022399655 
SE0022585592 
SE0023105036 
SE0023283742 
SE0023448097 
SE0019893462 
NO0010918543 
SE0014822482 
NO0010770597 
SE0014436275 
SE0022400867 
SE0022582979 
NO0013341396 
SE0023280201 
SE0023448287 
SE0019894700 
SE0014824090 
DK0060995801 
SE0012314102 
SE0021499563 
SE0022398905 
NO0013306415 
NO0013346593 
SE0023281324 
NO0013398347 
SE0018554073 
SE0014823340 
NO0010976863 
NO0010848104 
SE0021000809 
SE0022398962 
DK0063010103 
SE0023105655 
NO0013368597 
SE0023448667 
SE0018554529 
SE0014824314 
DK0061633005 
SE0011168897 
SE0018568859 
SE0022400776 
SE0022583746 
SE0023105242 
SE0023283502 
DK0063413224

--- Page 226 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 226 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0012874991 
SE0017169873 
SE0018185415 
SE0017594484 
SE0019054149 
SE0022399507 
SE0022583878 
SE0023105770 
SE0023281001 
SE0023449558 
SE0018554040 
SE0014823621 
DK0061205127 
NO0010847478 
SE0021164183 
SE0022399200 
SE0022578597 
DK0063140827 
NO0013376939 
SE0023447909 
SE0018554651 
SE0014823670 
NO0012823154 
SE0018185423 
NO0011023723 
SE0022400438 
SE0022578340 
DK0063135660 
NO0013371559 
SE0023448634 
SE0018554685 
NO0010848047 
NO0010889025 
SE0012314938 
DK0061443223 
SE0022400669 
SE0022579231 
SE0023106315 
SE0023283379 
NO0013394304 
NO0012874769 
NO0013158139 
SE0012821296 
DK0060838621 
NO0011022634 
SE0022400396 
SE0022579181 
DK0063140074 
SE0023283668 
NO0013394866 
SE0020187839 
SE0014818373 
SE0009860786 
SE0021015948 
SE0021620465 
SE0022399911 
SE0022581765 
SE0023106372 
NO0013392472 
DK0063412762 
SE0018554420 
SE0014826244 
NO0012759101 
NO0010902026 
NO0012727298 
SE0022400420 
SE0022578688 
DK0063141122 
SE0023280607 
SE0023448642 
SE0018554511 
NO0010900715 
SE0021499027 
FI4000432695 
NO0011023293 
DK0062861001 
SE0022580676 
DK0063139142 
NO0013372748 
SE0023449087 
SE0018554149 
NO0010900467 
NO0010903065 
SE0018176869 
DK0062439832 
SE0022404125 
SE0022578571 
DK0063139571 
SE0023281944 
DK0063418298 
SE0014440889 
SE0014437034 
NO0010896467 
SE0020679298 
NO0011022030 
SE0022404398 
SE0022578951 
DK0063138763 
NO0013368647 
DK0063419189 
SE0016137251 
NO0013047720 
SE0018554693 
DK0061363033 
NO0011023715 
DK0062858999 
SE0022578761 
NO0013343707 
SE0023282587 
NO0013394973 
SE0016041412 
NO0013155143 
DK0060834042 
SE0015224183 
DK0062386454 
DK0062849659 
SE0022578373 
NO0013346015 
NO0013378745 
NO0013398651 
NO0010912884 
FI4000492608 
FI4000445614 
DK0061899465 
SE0021169737 
DK0062863569 
SE0022578654 
NO0013348466 
NO0013368555 
NO0013400523 
DK0061624798 
SE0020363034 
NO0010794712 
NO0010906605 
SE0021014461 
SE0022404026 
DK0062970992 
DK0063063300 
SE0023280300 
SE0023448535 
NO0010998651 
SE0015490800 
FI4000418900 
DK0061017209 
NO0011134322 
DK0062846044 
NO0013240168 
SE0022741336 
SE0023282702 
NO0013395087 
NO0012827825 
FI4000464904 
SE0015236161 
SE0012314722 
NO0012658618 
DK0062860706 
SE0022445805 
SE0022742086 
SE0023280946 
SE0023449194 
SE0019371675 
SE0019910241 
FI4000253935 
SE0012314839 
NO0013001396 
DK0062863486 
NO0013241174 
DK0063061361 
NO0013346007 
SE0023449392 
SE0020185809 
DK0060678597 
NO0010900699 
DK0061003761 
NO0011134116 
DK0062864294 
DK0062995551 
SE0022742078 
SE0023290036 
SE0023448188 
SE0020185825 
SE0015948237 
NO0010908759 
SE0020980035 
FI4000316492 
DK0062847281 
SE0022582623 
SE0022741849 
DK0063306659 
NO0013396531 
SE0020185783 
SE0014821559 
DK0062653911 
SE0017195738 
SE0017082282 
SE0022404315 
NO0013305854 
DK0063062849 
DK0063300371 
SE0023448006 
SE0020185791 
SE0017194459 
SE0020197606 
SE0016044234 
NO0011132821 
SE0022408563 
DK0062990248 
SE0022741278 
SE0023287610 
SE0023448212 
SE0021506797 
SE0014821716 
DK0061429743 
SE0012313930 
NO0011133266 
SE0022406542 
SE0022582722 
SE0023103700 
DK0063302666 
DK0063411954 
SE0020190478 
FI4000475223 
SE0020361707 
SE0013928520 
SE0017072549 
SE0022406799 
NO0013305904 
SE0023105374 
DK0063303631 
NO0013398339 
DK0062630976 
SE0014821260 
SE0019037425 
DK0062404885 
SE0018573149 
SE0022407557 
DK0063004056 
NO0013346205 
DK0063311220 
SE0023448923 
SE0020192086 
SE0014821229 
FI4000253794 
SE0018577595 
SE0012313914 
SE0022406732 
SE0022585048 
DK0063094537 
SE0023288030 
NO0013398115 
SE0020192219 
SE0017588874 
SE0017073455 
SE0012314912 
DK0062620662 
SE0022406559 
NO0013306456 
DK0063108261 
SE0023288444 
NO0013395152 
SE0020192904 
DK0061701539 
SE0018171498 
SE0018179152 
SE0020690071 
SE0022406807 
NO0013306878 
DK0063086780 
DK0063299268 
DK0063412416 
NO0012909458 
SE0015670344 
SE0021162138 
SE0020975936 
SE0019046814 
SE0022407227 
SE0022585709 
DK0063111562 
DK0063308358 
NO0013398867 
SE0020195444 
SE0017076409 
SE0021005782 
NO0010992050 
SE0016278618 
SE0022406740 
NO0013240556 
DK0063100870 
DK0063310099 
SE0023449533 
SE0020194264 
SE0019910696 
NO0010918790 
SE0011171289 
DK0061590361 
SE0022406377 
SE0022579645 
DK0063105408 
SE0023289848 
DK0063414701 
SE0020197853 
FI4000493424 
NO0010795123 
NO0013157842 
SE0021007887 
DK0062867719 
NO0013305466 
DK0063101332 
SE0023287800 
NO0013399790 
SE0020377620 
NO0010897317 
DK0062641239 
SE0012314995 
DK0061589355 
NO0013202127 
SE0022581302 
NO0013340505 
SE0023288006 
SE0023449335 
DK0062227732 
NO0010899453 
DK0061170586 
SE0017216161 
SE0021505658 
NO0013202937 
SE0022581690 
DK0063092408 
DK0063307111 
NO0013397240 
SE0020366706 
DK0061619442 
SE0018185324 
DK0061008992 
DK0062391108 
NO0013202036 
SE0022580536 
DK0063098280 
DK0063301262 
SE0023449251 
SE0020365641 
SE0017214752 
NO0013086686 
SE0017194475 
DK0061588977 
NO0013201970 
NO0013305508 
SE0023103999 
DK0063315213 
NO0013400242 
SE0020365559 
NO0010901879 
NO0010794472 
NO0012452657 
SE0021011798 
NO0013203224 
NO0013240036 
NO0013345801 
DK0063331335 
SE0023449103 
SE0020365609 
DK0061442258 
SE0014810495 
SE0021502986 
SE0009860273 
NO0013202531 
SE0022445409 
NO0013341727 
SE0023284005 
DK0063413810 
SE0020365005 
SE0018565087 
FI4000253992 
DK0061696358 
DK0061588035 
NO0013203174 
SE0022446084 
NO0013345744 
NO0013395798 
NO0013399246 
SE0020365666 
DK0061361334 
SE0021154846 
SE0016609143 
SE0015486063 
SE0022399671 
SE0022444766 
SE0023105861 
NO0013397174 
SE0023448204 
SE0020365583 
SE0011168442 
SE0017181712 
DK0061699964 
DK0061566734 
SE0022399820 
NO0013239822 
DK0063122254 
DK0063314679 
SE0023448865 
SE0020364271 
NO0011135279 
NO0012996554 
SE0021014792 
DK0061587573 
SE0022400107 
NO0013306316 
SE0023105721 
SE0023283908 
NO0013393728 
SE0020364644 
NO0010906373 
SE0015944087 
SE0021014784 
DK0061590601 
SE0022399788 
SE0022582284 
SE0023103684 
NO0013394650 
DK0063411871 
NO0012913419 
DK0061361847 
FI4000346416 
NO0012452772 
DK0061590288 
SE0022399259 
SE0022582789 
SE0023104476 
SE0023291877 
NO0013400010 
NO0012913302 
DK0061766664 
SE0012315471 
DK0061500204 
SE0019051822 
SE0022400305 
NO0013305953 
SE0023105259 
DK0063321021 
SE0023448659 
NO0012913393 
SE0019047259 
FI4000346507 
NO0010901002 
DK0060959096 
SE0022399051 
DK0062994315 
SE0023105358 
SE0023291448 
SE0023447800 
NO0012997370 
NO0010906290 
SE0012314862 
SE0016279905 
DK0061589785 
SE0022400875 
NO0013305870 
NO0013346452 
NO0013394007 
NO0013398214 
NO0012913401 
SE0020188977 
NO0010976699 
SE0017224017 
SE0019042185 
SE0022399036 
DK0063003249 
SE0023103536 
DK0063322854 
SE0023448402 
SE0020194132 
NO0010906282 
SE0019067257 
SE0016794689 
SE0019042334 
SE0022400859 
DK0063011267 
SE0023104286 
DK0063316377 
DK0063417050 
SE0020194090 
SE0020978674 
SE0021005311 
NO0011177594 
SE0015488937 
SE0022400446 
SE0022584959 
SE0023105457 
SE0023291711 
DK0063411442 
SE0021619830 
SE0020978799 
NO0010900830 
NO0012975533 
SE0019362617 
SE0022400016 
SE0022584447 
SE0023105663 
SE0023292024 
DK0063420351 
SE0019893611 
SE0021006855 
SE0013930286 
SE0017226228 
NO0012823063 
SE0022400610 
SE0022585550 
SE0023105465 
SE0023283940 
NO0013400713 
SE0019893553 
SE0020979136 
SE0013920097 
NO0010908775 
NO0010898190 
NO0013202507 
NO0013306761 
SE0023104047 
NO0013377218 
SE0023449061

--- Page 227 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 227 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0019893587 
SE0020978591 
SE0019060336 
NO0010904352 
NO0012823147 
NO0013245589 
DK0063002357 
DK0063119979 
SE0023282520 
SE0023447693 
SE0019893520 
NO0013046953 
SE0019051251 
SE0020188100 
NO0012827122 
NO0013203083 
DK0062985321 
SE0023105515 
SE0023280854 
SE0023448147 
SE0019894569 
SE0020979672 
SE0020377737 
SE0014823696 
NO0013041921 
DK0062871232 
SE0022579470 
SE0023105069 
SE0023280557 
SE0023448600 
SE0019893538 
SE0021017548 
SE0015225727 
DK0061094380 
SE0009980741 
DK0062869335 
SE0022579405 
SE0023105887 
SE0023282140 
SE0023449582 
SE0019894577 
NO0012997743 
SE0017081920 
SE0014818092 
NO0012827353 
SE0022408217 
DK0062986485 
DK0063141478 
SE0023280987 
SE0023448394 
SE0019892639 
SE0020980654 
DK0060849230 
DK0061480340 
NO0012827304 
SE0022407722 
DK0062985834 
SE0023106281 
SE0023283643 
NO0013396358 
DK0062096020 
SE0020980548 
DK0062664363 
SE0019051061 
NO0012823360 
SE0022408142 
SE0022579660 
NO0013350132 
SE0023280243 
SE0023448568 
DK0062088274 
SE0020978294 
FI4000043054 
FI4000370473 
SE0019903568 
SE0022408035 
SE0022578928 
DK0063137799 
NO0013374728 
SE0023449632 
SE0020362218 
SE0020980019 
DK0061732922 
SE0016041693 
NO0012823113 
SE0022407656 
NO0013305474 
SE0023106380 
SE0023281860 
SE0023449319 
SE0021159985 
SE0020694040 
SE0014436267 
DK0061014966 
NO0012823212 
SE0022408233 
SE0022579488 
DK0063141718 
NO0013371815 
SE0023448113 
DK0062096376 
DK0062554341 
DK0061096161 
SE0007694377 
NO0012827239 
SE0022408076 
SE0022581450 
DK0063137369 
NO0013375337 
DK0063417480 
SE0020361533 
SE0020694479 
SE0014436184 
NO0012602905 
SE0018588121 
SE0022408159 
NO0013305458 
DK0063141205 
SE0023281613 
SE0023448428 
SE0020698439 
SE0020694750 
SE0020362168 
NO0010847692 
NO0012823295 
SE0022407748 
NO0013305664 
SE0023106505 
SE0023282256 
SE0023448881 
SE0020363489 
SE0020695179 
DK0061300118 
NO0010847999 
DK0061441284 
SE0022405395 
SE0022446241 
NO0013350140 
NO0013392704 
SE0023448543 
SE0020361145 
SE0020694917 
SE0018185050 
SE0021499183 
NO0012823568 
SE0022407193 
DK0062970216 
DK0063137013 
SE0023282884 
DK0063415435 
SE0020361970 
NO0010900590 
DK0061594512 
NO0010899693 
DK0061786696 
SE0022406609 
SE0022445698 
SE0023106406 
SE0023281464 
NO0013394346 
SE0021008042 
DK0060666741 
NO0010794290 
SE0012321594 
NO0011023764 
SE0022406492 
SE0022445466 
DK0063133889 
SE0023280714 
NO0013397984 
SE0021008497 
NO0012761677 
SE0013252038 
NO0010884281 
NO0011023756 
SE0022407433 
SE0022582375 
DK0063141635 
SE0023282181 
DK0063410550 
SE0021008240 
DK0061786779 
SE0015487467 
SE0013920303 
NO0013089615 
SE0022406229 
DK0062989901 
NO0013345082 
SE0023282066 
NO0013397588 
SE0021007838 
NO0010908783 
DK0061207172 
DK0060883684 
SE0018570756 
SE0022406831 
NO0013306290 
NO0013344879 
SE0023283288 
SE0023447677 
SE0021008604 
SE0014818035 
NO0010918824 
SE0014431557 
DK0061217056 
SE0022406617 
NO0013306258 
DK0063137286 
SE0023289046 
NO0013398529 
SE0021007705 
NO0013154021 
DK0060837813 
NO0011035347 
NO0011024689 
SE0022406583 
NO0013306530 
SE0023105143 
DK0063309679 
DK0063416326 
SE0021007879 
SE0020199776 
NO0010825870 
DK0060632255 
SE0016136022 
SE0022406500 
DK0063010616 
SE0023105424 
SE0023288881 
SE0023448352 
SE0021008653 
SE0017584352 
SE0016593610 
SE0009860620 
SE0021154093 
SE0022407128 
SE0022583902 
SE0023105762 
DK0063305768 
SE0023447958 
SE0021732823 
SE0021488905 
SE0018568875 
SE0009859382 
SE0016135685 
SE0022406237 
DK0063004130 
DK0063121447 
DK0063298294 
SE0023448691 
SE0021008331 
SE0014818076 
NO0013047456 
NO0010903438 
SE0020188787 
SE0022407441 
NO0013306399 
NO0013347443 
SE0023287636 
NO0013399402 
SE0021007689 
SE0019912353 
NO0010898125 
SE0019030255 
SE0016135529 
SE0022412219 
NO0013306852 
SE0023105697 
SE0023287727 
SE0023448709 
SE0021008018 
SE0017595978 
SE0013920006 
NO0012763871 
SE0016137178 
DK0062868600 
SE0022583019 
DK0063128616 
SE0023290184 
DK0063412333 
SE0021008091 
SE0019056466 
SE0013251428 
SE0015486030 
SE0016135941 
DK0062865937 
SE0022585667 
SE0023105176 
SE0023288113 
SE0023449517 
NO0013122762 
NO0010899339 
SE0020362069 
DK0061932340 
SE0017214737 
NO0013202085 
SE0022583191 
SE0023105614 
SE0023288519 
DK0063414545 
SE0021008612 
NO0013042606 
NO0010976459 
SE0012315034 
SE0016136287 
NO0013202333 
DK0062986212 
SE0023106349 
DK0063307467 
NO0013395541 
SE0021620374 
SE0020981009 
SE0014436713 
SE0012315117 
FI4000318795 
NO0013203091 
SE0022580486 
DK0063134424 
DK0063312038 
SE0023449244 
SE0021007713 
SE0013931144 
SE0013251352 
SE0020362325 
SE0016137566 
NO0013161703 
SE0022579884 
NO0013342071 
SE0023287966 
SE0023447727 
SE0021008547 
DK0062447934 
SE0013529815 
DK0062155214 
SE0021617065 
NO0013202358 
NO0013240762 
NO0013343475 
SE0023287792 
DK0063420005 
SE0020376101 
SE0021003951 
SE0013251337 
SE0015496690 
SE0020980837 
NO0013201954 
SE0022579249 
DK0063136635 
DK0063307384 
SE0023447768 
SE0018548943 
NO0010899842 
SE0009978984 
SE0019900531 
SE0017078249 
SE0022399192 
SE0022578464 
DK0063141551 
SE0023287990 
SE0023448121 
SE0018548869 
SE0015944202 
SE0015496641 
SE0013931110 
SE0017072580 
SE0022400321 
SE0022578902 
DK0063137443 
NO0013394593 
SE0023447966 
SE0018550337 
DK0062634457 
DK0061175890 
FI4000255534 
SE0021014487 
SE0022399150 
SE0022579785 
DK0063136395 
SE0023291612 
NO0013400267 
SE0018548687 
SE0014820486 
SE0021152964 
SE0013923422 
NO0012761974 
SE0022400719 
NO0013240473 
SE0023106463 
DK0063294111 
SE0023447941 
SE0021002458 
SE0014821799 
FI4000392733 
NO0010828999 
SE0017073232 
SE0022400784 
SE0022580825 
NO0013348433 
SE0023134879 
SE0023449749 
DK0062402830 
SE0014821955 
DK0061793551 
NO0010795792 
SE0021008885 
SE0022398731 
DK0062970646 
DK0063135587 
SE0023291760 
SE0023448485 
SE0018548778 
SE0014821609 
DK0060715621 
SE0013927118 
SE0017078066 
SE0022399663 
DK0062970562 
SE0023106331 
DK0063319397 
DK0063410717 
SE0018549149 
SE0014821567 
DK0061502929 
DK0061051067 
SE0016131643 
DK0062835435 
NO0013241208 
DK0063133962 
NO0013396036 
SE0023448469 
SE0018549420 
NO0013046763 
SE0021499209 
SE0019050808 
NO0010976533 
SE0022401220 
NO0013306027 
NO0013346312 
DK0063317342 
SE0023448337 
DK0062337085 
SE0021016037 
SE0016279566 
SE0019370438 
SE0016131791 
SE0022401121 
SE0022582649 
NO0013343830 
SE0023284138 
SE0023448733 
SE0018548885 
SE0013930120 
SE0009861115 
SE0013537115 
SE0016278873 
SE0022402624 
NO0013305862 
DK0063104781 
SE0023291166 
SE0023448584 
DK0062657581 
SE0014818647 
SE0021180940 
SE0018172611 
SE0018548851 
SE0022402210 
SE0022582342 
DK0063093216 
SE0023291315 
DK0063419346 
SE0018549032 
SE0014818233 
NO0012997099 
SE0021501681 
SE0011752997 
DK0062833810 
SE0022578530 
DK0063103114 
SE0023291232 
NO0013393397 
SE0018549008 
NO0010977010 
NO0010898422 
DK0061054400 
SE0016131718 
SE0022401584 
SE0022579686 
DK0063106646 
SE0023291281 
NO0013396895 
SE0018549818 
SE0021619418 
DK0062660452 
DK0061618048 
SE0021009891 
DK0062836839 
NO0013305680 
NO0013350405 
SE0023291190 
SE0023448618 
SE0018549016 
SE0009859630 
SE0017222961 
SE0018208340 
SE0016132047 
SE0022407664 
NO0013240655 
DK0063086947 
NO0013394924 
SE0023448253 
SE0018551541 
SE0017211774 
DK0060958015 
DK0062620589 
SE0019372533 
SE0022408084 
DK0062986568 
DK0063085972 
SE0023291083 
DK0063417134

--- Page 228 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 228 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0018551525 
SE0018558843 
SE0017215288 
SE0019030024 
FI4000456876 
SE0022408167 
SE0022581856 
DK0063088216 
SE0023284948 
SE0023448832 
NO0013153932 
DK0061504891 
SE0021003654 
NO0011141939 
DK0061567039 
SE0022407755 
SE0022581385 
DK0063107107 
SE0023283874 
SE0023448998 
SE0020194256 
SE0019049354 
NO0012822792 
NO0010901655 
SE0021011327 
SE0022407813 
SE0022581088 
DK0063108857 
SE0023291125 
NO0013395764 
SE0020193936 
SE0015242367 
SE0021615895 
SE0016135610 
DK0061588464 
SE0022405460 
SE0022580957 
SE0023097316 
SE0023285325 
DK0063420278 
DK0062230959 
NO0010900426 
DK0061660917 
SE0019051111 
DK0061587227 
SE0022407680 
SE0022580767 
DK0063093489 
SE0023284047 
SE0023447933 
SE0020194470 
SE0013917341 
DK0060958445 
SE0020377679 
NO0011141608 
SE0022408183 
NO0013305649 
SE0023102777 
DK0063322771 
SE0023448782 
SE0020197846 
SE0014826863 
SE0019372616 
NO0010910235 
SE0019372434 
SE0022407821 
SE0022578431 
SE0023103114 
DK0063317854 
SE0023449079 
NO0013131284 
NO0013153775 
DK0061361250 
SE0014823159 
FI4000435672 
SE0022408100 
SE0022580627 
SE0023105226 
SE0023280375 
SE0023448048 
SE0020198067 
FI4000493184 
FI4000346564 
NO0011141640 
DK0061590528 
SE0022407698 
NO0013285759 
NO0013344994 
SE0023282082 
SE0023449434 
DK0062385803 
DK0061958147 
FI4000346572 
SE0019053166 
SE0017088750 
SE0022405478 
SE0022443321 
SE0023105945 
SE0023280391 
NO0013399584 
DK0062228037 
SE0014826483 
NO0010826019 
NO0011141673 
SE0017073752 
SE0022408001 
NO0013239814 
DK0063120472 
SE0023283437 
NO0013400101 
SE0020194413 
NO0010977093 
SE0011424571 
SE0017214216 
DK0061349636 
SE0022407797 
SE0022445045 
SE0023103445 
SE0023283007 
NO0013396879 
SE0020197770 
NO0010906431 
SE0011424696 
NO0011141863 
SE0017191075 
SE0022407938 
NO0013239954 
SE0023105119 
SE0023281829 
SE0023449111 
SE0021624350 
SE0015496450 
SE0018179277 
SE0019046665 
SE0017073398 
SE0022408209 
DK0063000302 
SE0023105796 
SE0023281530 
SE0023448444 
DK0062229860 
NO0010906621 
SE0021621760 
NO0011141905 
SE0021622081 
SE0022408092 
SE0022582169 
SE0023105390 
NO0013375444 
SE0023447917 
SE0020193514 
DK0061359353 
DK0061367026 
SE0019045162 
DK0062628137 
SE0022411062 
NO0013305797 
DK0063120209 
SE0023283692 
SE0023448196 
SE0020193761 
SE0021013448 
SE0019364092 
NO0011141749 
SE0020680429 
SE0022411765 
SE0022582292 
SE0023105408 
SE0023283403 
NO0013394189 
SE0021014230 
SE0020373710 
DK0061445780 
SE0017076086 
DK0061600186 
SE0022409199 
SE0022582664 
SE0023104252 
NO0013368894 
NO0013400028 
SE0020361640 
SE0019370412 
SE0009860810 
SE0017076557 
SE0019028135 
SE0022410007 
DK0062991212 
SE0023105028 
SE0023283049 
SE0023448964 
SE0020361525 
DK0061450780 
DK0061037660 
SE0017076128 
SE0021013554 
SE0022409009 
SE0022581666 
NO0013349126 
SE0023281266 
DK0063413497 
SE0020362648 
SE0014819652 
FI4000439302 
SE0020198828 
SE0020695781 
SE0022410213 
SE0022579223 
DK0063118658 
SE0023283072 
NO0013398065 
SE0020362739 
SE0018569113 
SE0019358904 
SE0015238043 
NO0012827312 
SE0022410684 
DK0062983896 
NO0013343848 
SE0023280177 
SE0023447701 
SE0020361715 
SE0020977544 
DK0060977239 
SE0020377018 
NO0012823451 
SE0022408845 
SE0022581492 
NO0013350124 
SE0023280615 
DK0063419932 
SE0020361327 
SE0020695542 
DK0061163888 
SE0019046756 
SE0018577801 
SE0022410932 
SE0022579033 
DK0063116793 
SE0023281738 
NO0013396085 
SE0020362671 
SE0020694768 
SE0021619020 
SE0014823324 
DK0061933314 
SE0022409033 
SE0022578845 
SE0023098652 
NO0013370213 
DK0063414461 
SE0020362234 
DK0062374369 
SE0015667605 
SE0012960383 
SE0019047549 
SE0022406518 
SE0022580700 
SE0023098777 
SE0023283148 
SE0023447842 
SE0020362044 
SE0020695112 
SE0020378867 
SE0009979750 
SE0020187904 
SE0022409447 
SE0022579397 
DK0063115555 
SE0023282546 
NO0013396937 
SE0020363042 
SE0020695187 
DK0060885465 
DK0061009537 
SE0018577942 
SE0022411286 
SE0022579975 
NO0013340588 
SE0023280458 
NO0013400820 
SE0020362150 
SE0020696672 
DK0061297652 
DK0062406740 
SE0019045246 
SE0022411674 
SE0022443354 
NO0013346338 
SE0023281498 
SE0023449236 
SE0021621224 
SE0020694156 
DK0061298031 
NO0012997412 
SE0018577769 
SE0022409207 
SE0022443248 
DK0063118146 
SE0023281340 
SE0023449277 
SE0020361285 
SE0020696136 
DK0061299781 
NO0010896632 
SE0021151362 
SE0022410221 
DK0062953717 
NO0013343822 
SE0023281639 
DK0063411368 
SE0020361624 
SE0020694685 
NO0010976723 
NO0010881204 
SE0021017928 
NO0013203190 
SE0022444063 
DK0063116603 
NO0013368993 
NO0013395590 
SE0020363273 
SE0020694925 
SE0019371659 
SE0013529716 
SE0018577751 
NO0013201723 
DK0062954368 
SE0023098488 
SE0023290705 
SE0023449616 
SE0020363166 
SE0020696524 
DK0061300548 
SE0011752922 
SE0018577918 
DK0062867636 
SE0022446118 
NO0013350074 
DK0063300108 
SE0023447834 
SE0020362291 
SE0021152154 
SE0021732641 
SE0021507514 
FI4000536826 
DK0062868014 
SE0022445417 
NO0013347955 
SE0023289111 
SE0023448519 
SE0020198836 
SE0020696102 
SE0017076136 
SE0020978559 
SE0019045923 
DK0062871158 
SE0022582425 
DK0063119037 
SE0023289038 
SE0023447974 
SE0020198588 
SE0020695559 
FI4000418397 
SE0011752930 
FI4000537410 
NO0013203232 
SE0022582136 
NO0013350223 
DK0063305842 
SE0023448501 
SE0021511235 
SE0021497047 
NO0010977002 
DK0062439329 
NO0012727306 
NO0013202481 
NO0013306282 
DK0063117254 
DK0063303474 
SE0023448238 
SE0020198877 
SE0020694610 
SE0020188282 
NO0010897176 
NO0012729229 
DK0062865770 
NO0013306308 
DK0063114749 
SE0023287719 
DK0063412176 
SE0020199362 
SE0020696680 
DK0061301272 
DK0062663472 
DK0061009610 
SE0022401345 
DK0062994158 
DK0063111992 
DK0063305925 
SE0023447792 
DK0062429957 
DK0062401519 
DK0060613891 
NO0010794647 
SE0016136386 
DK0062835864 
SE0022582516 
SE0023098256 
DK0063303557 
SE0023449038 
DK0062432159 
NO0012976515 
SE0016043913 
DK0060905081 
NO0010906639 
DK0062834388 
SE0022582508 
DK0063102140 
SE0023289996 
NO0013400564 
SE0021006673 
SE0020381515 
SE0018563942 
SE0021014651 
SE0016136691 
SE0022402137 
DK0062983979 
DK0063111729 
SE0023288105 
NO0013396333 
SE0021006293 
DK0062292637 
SE0021511359 
DK0062400388 
SE0016135628 
DK0062835948 
SE0022578381 
NO0013347484 
SE0023290911 
NO0013399287 
NO0013041855 
SE0021153160 
SE0021153830 
FI4000252721 
SE0016137277 
SE0022401576 
SE0022578662 
DK0063099098 
DK0063299854 
SE0023448139 
DK0062430963 
NO0010899909 
NO0013083873 
NO0010847833 
DK0061901626 
SE0022401071 
SE0022580965 
DK0063100524 
SE0023289277 
SE0023449269 
NO0013046813 
DK0061463254 
DK0061624442 
NO0010898034 
DK0061574084 
SE0022400990 
SE0022580502 
DK0063098793 
DK0063311147 
SE0023444625 
SE0021006269 
NO0013083774 
FI4000537394 
SE0013925484 
SE0021734274 
DK0062837217 
DK0062987962 
DK0063086277 
SE0023290481 
SE0023444559 
SE0021489317 
DK0061980661 
NO0013158287 
SE0014822490 
SE0019063074 
SE0022401626 
SE0022579215 
DK0063092838 
DK0063314323 
SE0023444138 
SE0021005816 
NO0010899263 
SE0018573172 
FI4000346408 
DK0061573003 
SE0022402061 
DK0062983706 
DK0063087325 
NO0013399394 
SE0023444237 
DK0062427662 
NO0010899636 
SE0019047077 
SE0013917978 
SE0016593479 
SE0022401980 
NO0013240580 
DK0063098447 
SE0023283957 
SE0023444328 
SE0021007291 
NO0010899578 
NO0012608381 
NO0010902349 
SE0021161817 
SE0022404521 
SE0022578829 
SE0023103221 
SE0023291299 
DK0063400403

--- Page 229 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 229 -
70-41081773 
 
DK0062430021 
NO0010899891 
SE0009861222 
SE0012564425 
SE0018582702 
DK0062859377 
NO0013240754 
SE0023099601 
SE0023286265 
NO0013394197 
SE0021616067 
NO0010899289 
SE0017073406 
NO0010906555 
NO0012729286 
DK0062847448 
SE0022579876 
SE0023103130 
DK0063317185 
SE0023444542 
SE0021006483 
DK0061825932 
SE0016281455 
NO0013047639 
SE0015667944 
DK0062864617 
NO0013305490 
SE0023102991 
SE0023284039 
SE0023444120 
SE0021006681 
NO0010899461 
SE0009861636 
SE0016135925 
DK0062044814 
SE0022404141 
SE0022580049 
SE0023105077 
DK0063320130 
SE0023444526 
SE0018548893 
NO0010899800 
NO0010910243 
SE0021161023 
SE0016593487 
DK0062861787 
SE0022579280 
SE0023105564 
SE0023285143 
SE0023444310 
DK0062138988 
DK0061399227 
SE0010358838 
FI4000318696 
DK0061564606 
DK0062849816 
SE0022443313 
SE0023105978 
DK0063318902 
SE0023444427 
SE0019897638 
SE0015224498 
DK0061093143 
SE0019057209 
DK0061566817 
SE0022404307 
SE0022443305 
SE0023105382 
SE0023291570 
DK0063400593 
SE0019898263 
SE0019045667 
DK0060872489 
SE0014432183 
FI4000485719 
DK0062859294 
NO0013204701 
SE0023104799 
SE0023291752 
SE0023444369 
SE0021622974 
SE0019026741 
FI4000318720 
SE0018585390 
SE0017224470 
DK0062863056 
SE0022446100 
SE0023105473 
NO0013394098 
DK0063400320 
SE0019897265 
SE0019044090 
DK0062056826 
SE0015945704 
SE0017165319 
SE0022404273 
DK0062962700 
SE0023105440 
SE0023291224 
SE0023444633 
SE0019898602 
SE0021006400 
NO0010976632 
SE0020194074 
FI4000391594 
DK0062861431 
DK0062970133 
NO0013342238 
NO0013398701 
SE0023444567 
SE0019897653 
NO0010900533 
SE0018587248 
SE0015239249 
NO0012762337 
SE0022404059 
DK0062970059 
NO0013340349 
DK0063330444 
DK0063400247 
SE0019895939 
NO0011022493 
DK0060958874 
SE0010358937 
NO0011035453 
DK0062862751 
SE0022445672 
SE0023098801 
SE0023291810 
DK0063401567 
SE0018554453 
SE0017596182 
FI4000436480 
NO0012657610 
SE0004582195 
DK0062858056 
DK0062993697 
NO0013341172 
SE0023292016 
NO0013396952 
SE0019896184 
SE0014818720 
DK0060957983 
SE0018548653 
SE0018202574 
SE0022404281 
NO0013305888 
SE0023098496 
DK0063320999 
SE0023444245 
NO0012846775 
SE0014818316 
SE0021620093 
SE0015233614 
SE0021170040 
SE0022410544 
DK0062989075 
NO0013345884 
NO0013395103 
NO0013398073 
NO0012845900 
NO0010845670 
SE0021016045 
NO0012911918 
SE0016279970 
SE0022408795 
SE0022582680 
NO0013348920 
SE0023292008 
SE0023447065 
SE0018557951 
SE0015947205 
SE0016279046 
DK0061036936 
SE0020187821 
SE0022408852 
SE0022582771 
NO0013350041 
DK0063316294 
DK0063408810 
SE0019895830 
FI4000253646 
NO0010896327 
NO0012826934 
SE0016278519 
SE0022408456 
NO0013306274 
DK0063117171 
SE0023286257 
SE0023446711 
SE0020694586 
SE0021510492 
SE0012315455 
SE0020197705 
DK0060834984 
SE0022406336 
SE0022581807 
DK0063117411 
NO0013394072 
NO0013397125 
SE0019904293 
NO0010900269 
DK0062400032 
SE0019045980 
FI4000447354 
SE0022409256 
SE0022579074 
NO0013344168 
DK0063315726 
SE0023447057 
SE0019905928 
NO0013083907 
FI4000447404 
SE0013930245 
SE0019367442 
SE0022411559 
DK0062986808 
DK0063118062 
SE0023291687 
DK0063408570 
SE0019905027 
NO0010900855 
SE0014431722 
SE0018547721 
SE0016278998 
SE0022406575 
NO0013240465 
DK0063092598 
SE0023284625 
NO0013394205 
SE0019905472 
NO0013042655 
DK0061036779 
SE0017589567 
SE0016278550 
SE0022410361 
NO0013305482 
NO0013346486 
SE0023286281 
NO0013398271 
SE0021015690 
NO0010898802 
DK0061048865 
SE0021013059 
SE0016280010 
SE0022411021 
SE0022580569 
DK0063097126 
SE0023283445 
SE0023446752 
SE0019905431 
SE0021621935 
DK0061163615 
SE0014821195 
SE0016279079 
SE0022406765 
SE0022578969 
DK0063107453 
SE0023281688 
DK0063408067 
SE0019904988 
SE0011169895 
SE0021012473 
SE0017076417 
DK0062503868 
SE0022407540 
SE0022579009 
DK0063095187 
NO0013392399 
SE0023446794 
SE0020992071 
NO0010898539 
FI4000365291 
SE0017075963 
SE0017166374 
SE0022409884 
SE0022578670 
DK0063100284 
SE0023281597 
NO0013399345 
SE0019904269 
NO0010898612 
DK0062223905 
DK0062347472 
FI4000050265 
SE0022411583 
SE0022581674 
NO0013349563 
SE0023281183 
NO0013397075 
SE0019904301 
NO0010898521 
FI4000365374 
SE0017075922 
SE0017074214 
NO0013161737 
SE0022578605 
DK0063086194 
SE0023283478 
SE0023446778 
SE0020197788 
SE0019060500 
DK0061039872 
DK0062554507 
SE0017214497 
DK0062868360 
SE0022579777 
DK0063105598 
NO0013372417 
DK0063409388 
SE0019905480 
SE0020994481 
SE0013917457 
SE0017089899 
NO0013045005 
NO0013201715 
DK0062988184 
SE0023103056 
SE0023280839 
NO0013398420 
SE0019905936 
SE0014819421 
NO0010918659 
DK0061765427 
NO0012743089 
NO0013202945 
SE0022578407 
SE0023103106 
SE0023282033 
NO0013396077 
SE0019905449 
SE0015487673 
DK0060840445 
DK0061175700 
NO0012823980 
NO0013245787 
SE0022581021 
SE0023099262 
SE0023283320 
SE0023446950 
SE0019904319 
SE0014819892 
DK0061040102 
SE0017089931 
SE0020183325 
SE0022402327 
SE0022443255 
SE0023103288 
SE0023282413 
NO0013400465 
SE0020199156 
SE0021153822 
SE0019902487 
SE0017088727 
NO0012763517 
SE0022402418 
SE0022443297 
SE0023103015 
SE0023280649 
SE0023447081 
SE0020199719 
SE0015225776 
SE0018587297 
SE0017587678 
SE0017105042 
DK0062834545 
NO0013204719 
SE0023103163 
NO0013368902 
SE0023446828 
SE0020198216 
SE0015233556 
DK0061235702 
SE0012564748 
SE0019026667 
DK0062836326 
SE0022443263 
SE0023105788 
SE0023283346 
SE0023446844 
SE0020199172 
SE0020188522 
DK0062672119 
SE0017089824 
SE0021620184 
SE0022401592 
DK0062953980 
DK0063120126 
SE0023281548 
SE0023444096 
SE0020199677 
DK0061004579 
SE0020188308 
SE0021622990 
SE0015943766 
SE0022401428 
SE0022446092 
DK0063121876 
SE0023282108 
SE0023444153 
SE0020198299 
SE0014819868 
SE0017214422 
SE0020979334 
SE0011423722 
SE0022402558 
SE0022446233 
NO0013345611 
NO0013369421 
SE0023444450 
SE0020362093 
SE0014819900 
DK0061038205 
SE0017088917 
SE0012820439 
DK0062836409 
SE0022446076 
DK0063122841 
SE0023281225 
SE0023444278 
SE0020198729 
NO0010889108 
SE0014432233 
DK0061322278 
SE0021505229 
SE0022402251 
NO0013280875 
SE0023105879 
SE0023280532 
SE0023444252 
SE0020199057 
NO0013157867 
NO0010998735 
FI4000495965 
NO0012975699 
SE0022402491 
NO0013280859 
SE0023105556 
SE0023283080 
NO0013400572 
SE0020199503 
SE0021503703 
DK0061040292 
SE0011171222 
DK0061977956 
SE0022401568 
DK0062998142 
SE0023105739 
DK0063312111 
SE0023444146 
SE0020199545 
NO0010902976 
SE0019058660 
SE0017089642 
SE0019045915 
SE0022402087 
SE0022582557 
SE0023103692 
DK0063308432 
DK0063400833 
SE0020198760 
SE0021507159 
SE0020976223 
SE0017090285 
FI4000537345 
DK0062834701 
NO0013305821 
DK0063125869 
SE0023289913 
NO0013393744 
SE0020980639 
NO0010902562 
DK0061172871 
SE0017088966 
FI4000537352 
DK0062837803 
NO0013306191 
DK0063120712 
DK0063306733 
SE0023444385 
SE0020198802 
SE0017165673 
DK0061005626 
SE0017081896 
SE0020986206 
SE0022401394 
DK0062997417 
DK0063172515 
SE0023289160 
SE0023444203 
SE0020199131 
SE0015239868 
SE0009979461 
SE0021017183 
NO0010792682 
DK0062835005 
DK0062990321 
DK0063169727 
SE0023288535 
SE0023444294 
SE0020198638 
SE0010128686 
SE0015667720 
SE0011753037 
DK0061957842 
DK0062845905 
NO0013306100 
SE0023120845 
DK0063309083 
NO0013395640 
SE0020199412 
SE0014809356 
DK0060838977 
NO0011132490 
SE0019056425 
DK0062859021 
SE0022580866 
DK0063172945 
SE0023288188 
SE0023444104

--- Page 230 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 230 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020199008 
SE0011424563 
DK0062391298 
NO0010896079 
SE0019058439 
DK0062861274 
DK0062984514 
NO0013345264 
DK0063313192 
DK0063401054 
SE0020198554 
SE0021622388 
SE0011170281 
SE0020387843 
DK0061439031 
DK0062859104 
SE0022579983 
SE0023109921 
DK0063313358 
SE0023444161 
SE0020976264 
NO0012726191 
DK0061298387 
DK0061056967 
SE0016136295 
SE0022404083 
SE0022580973 
SE0023109574 
SE0023289582 
DK0063401138 
NO0012846940 
DK0061999091 
SE0017081821 
SE0017221898 
SE0019055906 
SE0022404240 
NO0013305524 
DK0063142609 
DK0063307970 
SE0023444088 
SE0020189231 
SE0010128454 
DK0061299518 
SE0010630178 
SE0019054875 
SE0022404471 
SE0022580858 
SE0023110119 
DK0063299508 
SE0023444815 
DK0062206223 
NO0012909359 
NO0010902299 
DK0061838752 
DK0061960200 
DK0062849493 
SE0022443586 
SE0023109350 
DK0063310768 
DK0063400916 
SE0021006368 
SE0020361020 
SE0014441028 
SE0013529625 
DK0062553962 
SE0022404265 
DK0062953634 
SE0023115191 
DK0063301692 
DK0063408141 
DK0062432233 
SE0013925500 
SE0016280978 
SE0021506029 
SE0014821997 
DK0062846390 
NO0013204735 
SE0023116025 
SE0023288790 
NO0013399626 
SE0021005774 
DK0061013562 
SE0013923430 
SE0019903220 
SE0019056433 
DK0062845665 
SE0022443875 
DK0063162987 
SE0023290572 
SE0023446992 
SE0021006996 
SE0011171800 
SE0014823258 
NO0010902802 
SE0019054776 
DK0062863999 
DK0062958351 
DK0063158365 
SE0023289681 
SE0023446810 
SE0021007044 
SE0019062266 
FI4000446844 
SE0014447009 
DK0061439114 
SE0022404224 
DK0063000146 
SE0023115258 
DK0063308515 
SE0023447008 
SE0021005790 
FI4000492731 
DK0061258084 
DK0061034808 
SE0019056631 
DK0062867479 
NO0013306001 
SE0023115902 
SE0023288386 
SE0023446836 
DK0062431185 
DK0061419942 
SE0021007671 
NO0010918402 
SE0021739554 
NO0013202051 
DK0062991642 
SE0023116405 
DK0063304951 
DK0063407929 
SE0021005824 
SE0012568061 
SE0013934163 
SE0020189124 
SE0021741113 
DK0062868527 
SE0022582318 
SE0023115878 
DK0063306220 
SE0023447107 
SE0021622149 
SE0020376937 
SE0011170372 
DK0061009370 
SE0021740453 
DK0062869764 
DK0062988937 
SE0023115605 
SE0023288253 
DK0063408737 
SE0021616299 
DK0061814571 
SE0004446938 
SE0013926458 
SE0021741493 
NO0013202390 
DK0063000062 
SE0023115944 
DK0063299425 
NO0013399931 
SE0021006780 
DK0060919629 
FI4000447321 
DK0061160942 
SE0021737806 
NO0013202168 
SE0022580759 
SE0023115654 
DK0063310339 
DK0063408497 
DK0062427746 
SE0009860950 
SE0013255569 
NO0010901473 
NO0013156091 
SE0022405064 
SE0022580668 
SE0023118187 
DK0063309596 
DK0063408653 
SE0021005493 
SE0013916954 
NO0010918584 
SE0016281166 
SE0021737640 
NO0013161802 
DK0062984191 
SE0023111422 
SE0023288196 
SE0023447099 
SE0021007309 
SE0017075724 
FI4000419247 
SE0009978992 
SE0021738101 
NO0013202309 
SE0022581575 
NO0013340216 
SE0023288998 
DK0063408307 
SE0021005592 
SE0017600133 
SE0020199255 
SE0018583619 
SE0021737723 
NO0013202135 
NO0013305672 
SE0023111216 
DK0063306303 
SE0023446802 
SE0021006475 
SE0015667381 
SE0019371618 
DK0061369584 
NO0013125336 
NO0013202598 
SE0022580734 
SE0023111414 
DK0063297213 
DK0063409032 
DK0062431268 
SE0010829093 
SE0015486014 
DK0061587813 
SE0021737988 
NO0013201962 
NO0013240721 
NO0013341818 
SE0023288691 
SE0023446737 
SE0021006830 
DK0062449047 
NO0012827148 
SE0019066895 
NO0013156109 
NO0013202325 
SE0022578639 
NO0013339937 
DK0063307624 
SE0023446901 
SE0020384493 
SE0016597199 
SE0017568579 
SE0011760875 
SE0021737566 
NO0013202994 
SE0022581377 
SE0023111117 
SE0023287834 
DK0063409461 
DK0062289849 
SE0021013885 
SE0017589559 
NO0012826926 
SE0021738481 
NO0013201764 
NO0013204693 
DK0063164256 
SE0023289525 
SE0023446935 
DK0062289179 
DK0060937795 
SE0018179293 
SE0012314961 
SE0021742996 
DK0062866158 
NO0013240184 
DK0063174487 
SE0023291117 
SE0023447016 
DK0062287124 
NO0010906456 
SE0018553885 
SE0015945134 
SE0021743028 
NO0013161786 
SE0022444683 
SE0023120894 
SE0023284716 
SE0023446927 
DK0062288361 
FI4000231071 
DK0061169307 
SE0013920642 
SE0021742467 
SE0022401352 
SE0022445375 
DK0063166038 
SE0023291182 
NO0013398099 
SE0020384428 
SE0021012945 
DK0062654216 
SE0020194348 
SE0021742871 
SE0022401923 
DK0062964599 
DK0063152327 
SE0023291349 
NO0013397703 
DK0062288528 
FI4000454244 
FI4000444609 
DK0061161320 
SE0021744505 
SE0022402509 
DK0062995205 
SE0023109780 
DK0063318746 
SE0023444112 
SE0020384469 
NO0012911991 
SE0013251915 
NO0010888761 
SE0021745692 
SE0022401840 
DK0062995049 
SE0023109079 
NO0013395426 
SE0023444476 
DK0062376141 
DK0060934180 
SE0014823183 
DK0061761350 
SE0021744406 
SE0022402095 
DK0062993937 
DK0063151436 
DK0063329867 
SE0023444682 
DK0062290185 
SE0013934510 
SE0009861503 
NO0010908122 
SE0021745452 
DK0062834891 
NO0013305961 
SE0023118666 
SE0023284161 
DK0063401211 
DK0062291076 
SE0017596265 
NO0010889249 
SE0009860109 
SE0021746567 
SE0022402574 
DK0062989828 
SE0023118674 
SE0023291257 
SE0023444179 
DK0062290508 
DK0060997344 
DK0061322195 
NO0012909375 
SE0021744539 
SE0022401162 
DK0062986642 
SE0023118583 
SE0023285424 
SE0023444591 
SE0020384550 
SE0021164167 
DK0061015500 
NO0012845207 
SE0021745908 
DK0062835195 
DK0062985677 
SE0023118377 
DK0063314166 
DK0063400676 
DK0062290698 
NO0012911785 
FI4000370036 
FI4000255294 
SE0021745163 
DK0062833497 
SE0022578589 
SE0023118161 
DK0063332143 
DK0063400759 
DK0062289252 
SE0020362598 
SE0017568587 
NO0013154427 
SE0021744323 
SE0022401634 
NO0013305706 
SE0023118302 
SE0023282074 
SE0023444492 
DK0062551750 
SE0010821819 
NO0012999855 
SE0014447207 
SE0021744232 
SE0022402194 
NO0013240457 
SE0023110689 
NO0013370346 
SE0023444336 
SE0018544413 
SE0020377349 
NO0010902315 
SE0015665336 
SE0021741501 
SE0022402020 
SE0022580924 
DK0063153648 
SE0023280102 
NO0013394411 
SE0018544371 
SE0009983240 
DK0061903325 
SE0016281273 
SE0021740891 
SE0022402632 
DK0062987459 
DK0063154026 
NO0013370056 
SE0023444260 
SE0018548802 
SE0021504586 
FI4000370291 
DK0062618922 
SE0021737061 
SE0022401105 
SE0022581591 
NO0013348631 
SE0023282983 
SE0023444344 
SE0018542987 
SE0011169689 
SE0019053430 
DK0061017399 
SE0021738119 
DK0062835518 
SE0022445391 
SE0023111232 
SE0023281886 
SE0023444641 
SE0020978542 
SE0021499043 
NO0012844143 
SE0011418110 
DK0062599361 
DK0062845582 
SE0022445367 
SE0023110986 
SE0023283254 
NO0013393637 
SE0018543852 
SE0011169655 
DK0061461472 
SE0017209935 
SE0021737772 
SE0022404489 
NO0013239897 
SE0023107164 
SE0023280094 
SE0023444740 
SE0021163987 
DK0060890382 
SE0015233531 
SE0015941455 
SE0021736949 
SE0022404349 
SE0022446126 
SE0023107586 
SE0023282173 
SE0023444666 
SE0018544405 
SE0021511789 
DK0060717080 
SE0021006731 
SE0021737830 
DK0062862835 
NO0013239830 
SE0023108311 
SE0023281571 
SE0023444195 
DK0062670097 
SE0009980154 
SE0018184376 
SE0020199941 
DK0062600045 
SE0022404091 
DK0062999546 
SE0023109269 
SE0023281167 
SE0023444211 
SE0021617040 
NO0012826892 
DK0060876209 
SE0018208522 
DK0062600631 
DK0062863643 
DK0062996443 
DK0063142799 
SE0023280193 
SE0023444765 
NO0012826140 
SE0015236310 
SE0009859432 
DK0060846566 
SE0021742855 
SE0022404067 
NO0013305813 
SE0023109756 
SE0023283155 
SE0023446976 
SE0019898644 
NO0010793961 
SE0012315406 
SE0014440996 
SE0021742970 
DK0062850582 
SE0022582805 
SE0023118625 
SE0023283395 
NO0013399261

--- Page 231 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 231 -
70-41081773 
 
NO0012846999 
SE0012315463 
SE0011168913 
FI4000492855 
SE0021743002 
SE0022404372 
NO0013305847 
SE0023118120 
NO0013371542 
SE0023447024 
NO0012846809 
DK0062626008 
NO0013000018 
SE0014448809 
SE0021742533 
DK0062858726 
DK0062991568 
SE0023118179 
NO0013392670 
SE0023446943 
NO0012846965 
NO0012996448 
SE0016796858 
SE0015943196 
SE0021745882 
DK0062849733 
SE0022582714 
NO0013344093 
NO0013374868 
SE0023446984 
NO0012847070 
SE0017589997 
SE0017214158 
SE0017089576 
SE0021746062 
DK0062862678 
DK0062983383 
SE0023118492 
NO0013392613 
SE0023446877 
NO0012847039 
DK0062335030 
FI4000392691 
SE0017089618 
SE0021744646 
DK0062846986 
NO0013240564 
SE0023118708 
SE0023282561 
NO0013397042 
SE0020199685 
SE0011168558 
SE0011171859 
NO0010847783 
SE0021744653 
DK0062847018 
NO0013305698 
NO0013343855 
SE0023280821 
SE0023446786 
SE0019897596 
SE0010140806 
SE0017082266 
SE0017089337 
SE0021744786 
DK0062858486 
NO0013240747 
NO0013343731 
SE0023283650 
NO0013394254 
SE0021012747 
SE0010140251 
DK0060937951 
SE0021505096 
SE0021744950 
DK0062848768 
SE0022580163 
SE0023110861 
SE0023281647 
SE0023447040 
DK0062138715 
NO0012823808 
NO0012658378 
SE0017089378 
SE0021744034 
SE0022404455 
SE0022579900 
SE0023110887 
SE0023283189 
NO0013398966 
SE0019898255 
SE0010140244 
SE0009860604 
SE0017090293 
SE0021744380 
NO0013202077 
SE0022578548 
SE0023111364 
DK0063308002 
NO0013394601 
NO0013041905 
SE0013925369 
SE0016135123 
SE0020361608 
SE0021745205 
NO0013203075 
NO0013240739 
SE0023107479 
SE0023288154 
SE0023446745 
SE0019898628 
NO0013155218 
SE0009861164 
SE0015664594 
SE0021744687 
NO0013245555 
DK0062962544 
SE0023107867 
SE0023290226 
SE0023446869 
DK0062426771 
NO0010977192 
NO0012824640 
FI4000256391 
SE0021745650 
DK0062865853 
DK0062961652 
DK0063143847 
SE0023289327 
SE0023446760 
NO0013041871 
NO0010918592 
SE0011169002 
SE0019363870 
SE0021745098 
NO0013161810 
SE0022445359 
SE0023110077 
SE0023290960 
SE0023446968 
SE0021006319 
SE0016838395 
SE0014818365 
NO0012997891 
SE0021744869 
NO0013202499 
SE0022446159 
SE0023109616 
SE0023287685 
SE0023446851 
SE0021005808 
SE0021012937 
FI4000392592 
SE0017215635 
SE0021744711 
DK0062870770 
DK0062970489 
DK0063142526 
DK0063303391 
SE0023446885 
SE0021006442 
SE0014823217 
SE0014821427 
SE0017214703 
SE0021746377 
NO0013202176 
DK0062966883 
SE0023109558 
SE0023289822 
DK0063408224 
SE0021006392 
NO0010902810 
NO0011139651 
SE0021618956 
SE0021749561 
NO0013202911 
SE0022446209 
SE0023118500 
SE0023290655 
SE0023446729 
NO0013046912 
SE0021493103 
SE0013927589 
SE0017215064 
NO0013201061 
NO0013245852 
NO0013280867 
SE0023118153 
DK0063298377 
SE0023446919 
SE0021006541 
NO0010906530 
DK0061364940 
DK0062334066 
SE0021751898 
NO0013202028 
SE0022445383 
SE0023116769 
SE0023288071 
SE0023447073 
SE0021005501 
SE0009861453 
DK0061495108 
SE0011423763 
NO0013205997 
NO0013203240 
SE0022582490 
SE0023111265 
SE0023288451 
DK0063409115 
SE0021005600 
SE0015496807 
NO0010794720 
DK0061013729 
SE0021737848 
SE0022399853 
DK0062999975 
NO0013344820 
SE0023289889 
SE0023447032 
SE0021007333 
SE0009859622 
SE0014821575 
DK0061036423 
NO0013156182 
SE0022400495 
NO0013306084 
DK0063152913 
DK0063309323 
SE0023444575 
SE0021006848 
SE0004446508 
NO0013155184 
SE0013917416 
SE0021738069 
SE0022399770 
NO0013306019 
SE0023107099 
DK0063299185 
SE0023444534 
SE0021007069 
NO0012553413 
SE0013254851 
SE0019372905 
SE0021737681 
SE0022398798 
NO0013306043 
SE0023107354 
SE0023289772 
SE0023444583 
SE0021493293 
SE0014820700 
SE0016281109 
DK0061035102 
NO0013125286 
SE0022399515 
SE0022580544 
DK0063152756 
SE0023287859 
SE0023444658 
DK0062428207 
NO0010901515 
SE0015944095 
DK0061873585 
SE0021737764 
SE0022399499 
SE0022578365 
SE0023109194 
SE0023276530 
SE0023444286 
SE0021005840 
DK0060679561 
SE0016599856 
SE0014823654 
DK0062600714 
SE0022398996 
SE0022580742 
DK0063152830 
SE0023271119 
SE0023444393 
SE0021007267 
NO0010900780 
SE0017078439 
SE0020979284 
SE0021745460 
SE0022398715 
DK0062987889 
DK0063142369 
SE0023288568 
SE0023444617 
SE0021732500 
SE0009859549 
SE0013930278 
FI4000254024 
SE0021745106 
SE0022399291 
NO0013240648 
SE0023109988 
SE0023289814 
SE0023444484 
DK0062288874 
NO0010918329 
SE0013930260 
SE0010979104 
SE0021744372 
SE0022400024 
SE0022580882 
DK0063142286 
SE0023289566 
SE0023444229 
SE0020384691 
SE0015225867 
NO0013044909 
SE0011169564 
SE0021744042 
SE0022398889 
NO0013240481 
DK0063147244 
SE0023289475 
SE0023444419 
DK0062287397 
SE0017568850 
SE0013933892 
SE0021506441 
SE0021746138 
SE0022399861 
SE0022580775 
SE0023118617 
SE0023288303 
SE0023444401 
SE0020196418 
SE0018583650 
NO0010896137 
NO0010887920 
SE0021745551 
SE0022400503 
NO0013305516 
SE0023118609 
SE0023287628 
SE0023444377 
SE0020194421 
DK0062373981 
SE0014809166 
DK0060838464 
SE0021744992 
SE0022398806 
SE0022580932 
SE0023118690 
DK0063304365 
SE0023444609 
SE0020196129 
DK0062355061 
SE0013930203 
SE0010358804 
SE0021746161 
SE0022399044 
NO0013305532 
SE0023118393 
SE0023290580 
SE0023444518 
SE0020197937 
SE0011423821 
FI4000316898 
FI4000253612 
SE0021745775 
SE0022400198 
DK0062986725 
SE0023117106 
DK0063298534 
SE0023444187 
SE0021620697 
NO0010801749 
SE0021008869 
NO0013046979 
SE0021744927 
SE0022400792 
NO0013305722 
SE0023118260 
SE0023289558 
SE0023444302 
SE0020197986 
SE0021173705 
SE0020363521 
NO0010794654 
SE0021744893 
DK0062836755 
NO0013305714 
NO0013350199 
SE0023288170 
SE0023444500 
SE0020193738 
NO0010900665 
SE0013930138 
FI4000253703 
SE0021745635 
SE0022402111 
NO0013240176 
NO0013342964 
SE0023289251 
SE0023444435 
SE0020196186 
SE0019892423 
SE0012314979 
SE0020980894 
SE0021745569 
DK0062835278 
SE0022446225 
SE0023111372 
SE0023288337 
SE0023444443 
SE0020194918 
SE0015490792 
SE0018185142 
SE0011761386 
SE0021745221 
SE0022401600 
SE0022578944 
DK0063153994 
SE0023288634 
DK0063401484 
SE0020193951 
FI4000447388 
SE0009860083 
DK0061000072 
SE0021746021 
SE0022402038 
SE0022581815 
SE0023111547 
SE0023290556 
SE0023449145 
DK0062229357 
DK0060998748 
SE0021001476 
NO0012744053 
SE0021746047 
SE0022401956 
SE0022578324 
SE0023110879 
SE0023290275 
SE0023448063 
SE0020197879 
SE0013917432 
FI4000254016 
DK0060964096 
SE0021745064 
SE0022401410 
SE0022580833 
SE0023106992 
NO0013399097 
NO0013399303 
NO0012844077 
DK0060998581 
SE0019372541 
DK0061766581 
SE0021744273 
DK0062834032 
DK0062984944 
SE0023109152 
NO0013394312 
NO0013393512 
DK0062374799 
SE0018571432 
DK0061447059 
SE0021503547 
SE0021746013 
SE0022402145 
DK0062984787 
SE0023117023 
NO0013401190 
DK0063418538 
SE0021511177 
NO0010904238 
SE0015959085 
SE0020193944 
SE0021745171 
SE0022401691 
DK0062987103 
SE0023118526 
SE0023285341 
NO0013396143 
SE0021009370 
FI4000492954 
SE0021507456 
DK0061765500 
SE0021745379 
SE0022402277 
DK0062999702 
SE0023116611 
DK0063316963 
SE0023449137 
SE0020361673 
SE0009983018 
SE0015951926 
DK0061161593 
SE0021745270 
DK0062838108 
SE0022582797 
SE0023116587 
SE0023284021 
SE0023448477 
SE0020362507 
SE0015941489 
DK0062578522 
SE0016044010 
SE0021744802 
SE0022402343 
SE0022583183 
SE0023116678 
NO0013395194 
NO0013396325 
SE0021622214 
DK0061609211 
SE0018176661 
SE0013917887 
SE0021744877 
DK0062835351 
NO0013306514 
SE0023117163 
SE0023285267 
NO0013399113

--- Page 232 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 232 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0020361558 
DK0060999399 
SE0018554248 
SE0021002763 
SE0021741717 
SE0022404513 
DK0063003835 
SE0023118658 
SE0023292040 
SE0023448220 
SE0020361137 
SE0014827143 
SE0018582686 
SE0012314698 
NO0013157313 
DK0062850079 
NO0013305441 
NO0013344176 
DK0063316880 
DK0063416672 
SE0020361376 
SE0014820726 
DK0060867133 
SE0016137434 
NO0013157321 
DK0062846473 
SE0022581252 
DK0063153721 
SE0023291729 
SE0023448931 
SE0020362705 
SE0018171621 
SE0016836019 
SE0018563603 
DK0062680211 
DK0062865184 
DK0062988267 
DK0063153564 
DK0063321104 
SE0023447867 
SE0020361954 
SE0020192094 
SE0021017811 
NO0010847650 
SE0021738077 
SE0022408225 
SE0022581005 
NO0013344002 
DK0063316534 
SE0023447776 
SE0020361475 
FI4000253844 
SE0015490222 
SE0021504610 
DK0062599445 
SE0022408126 
SE0022579314 
SE0023110820 
NO0013395608 
DK0063410634 
SE0020363398 
SE0009859895 
SE0018568743 
FI4000252622 
SE0021737699 
SE0022407888 
NO0013240507 
DK0063154299 
SE0023281258 
SE0023447883 
SE0020362259 
DK0062112322 
SE0021005667 
SE0017189053 
SE0021738150 
SE0022407912 
SE0022579348 
SE0023107115 
SE0023283353 
NO0013393710 
SE0020361616 
SE0012322246 
SE0020363406 
DK0061362142 
SE0021737426 
SE0022407953 
DK0062984860 
SE0023108451 
SE0023282355 
SE0023448345 
SE0020361095 
DK0061191079 
SE0013933082 
SE0021163490 
SE0021737731 
SE0022407847 
NO0013305581 
SE0023108261 
SE0023283411 
SE0023448105 
SE0020361350 
FI4000493010 
SE0013927761 
DK0061158458 
SE0021737541 
SE0022407854 
SE0022578936 
SE0023106943 
SE0023283015 
NO0013395186 
SE0021502622 
SE0013918109 
SE0020196194 
SE0015670286 
NO0013155903 
SE0022408175 
SE0022580791 
SE0023107974 
SE0023280896 
NO0013397828 
SE0020361665 
DK0061376365 
SE0019374505 
SE0021163656 
SE0021737822 
SE0022408191 
SE0022444378 
SE0023107313 
NO0013373332 
SE0023447891 
SE0021621356 
FI4000493333 
SE0020199206 
SE0011423060 
SE0021737574 
SE0022407987 
SE0022444725 
SE0023106893 
NO0013375691 
SE0023448295 
SE0021007663 
SE0011169143 
DK0061901709 
SE0009859796 
SE0021745932 
SE0022407896 
SE0022446217 
SE0023109491 
SE0023282777 
NO0013396994 
SE0020194066 
NO0010828981 
SE0004580462 
SE0011423268 
SE0021744588 
SE0022408027 
SE0022578522 
DK0063151352 
SE0023280698 
SE0023449764 
DK0062088191 
SE0016279301 
SE0012315059 
SE0016601769 
SE0021744117 
SE0022407763 
SE0022580692 
SE0023109913 
SE0023280490 
SE0023449046 
DK0062096103 
NO0010901432 
SE0015665781 
DK0061789286 
SE0021745809 
SE0022407995 
DK0062985248 
SE0023109020 
NO0013374702 
NO0013399253 
SE0020687044 
DK0061580990 
SE0018551517 
SE0020184133 
SE0021744430 
SE0022407714 
SE0022581286 
SE0023118229 
SE0023282801 
NO0013396473 
NO0012843566 
SE0021155207 
SE0011423748 
NO0010792716 
SE0021745056 
NO0013202432 
SE0022579256 
SE0023118765 
SE0023281696 
NO0013395814 
SE0020198430 
SE0020697035 
FI4000435748 
SE0004580405 
SE0021746005 
NO0013201798 
SE0022580577 
SE0023118575 
NO0013374827 
NO0013395665 
SE0018541005 
SE0016039077 
SE0014818407 
SE0016838593 
SE0021744935 
NO0013202523 
DK0062985594 
NO0013340786 
SE0023282504 
SE0023447750 
SE0018541039 
NO0010902372 
NO0010889140 
DK0061595329 
SE0021744794 
NO0013161695 
SE0022579926 
SE0023118641 
SE0023280722 
NO0013400325 
SE0021506227 
DK0061699618 
DK0061578820 
NO0010848203 
SE0021744083 
NO0013202200 
SE0022580494 
SE0023118211 
SE0023282439 
NO0013399717 
DK0062429528 
DK0060844009 
NO0010906381 
SE0019371436 
SE0021746096 
NO0013202754 
SE0022579678 
SE0023117254 
SE0023283619 
SE0023447735 
SE0021006566 
NO0010794001 
DK0061185774 
SE0009859853 
SE0021749579 
SE0022405288 
SE0022578332 
SE0023110754 
SE0023280870 
SE0023448899 
NO0013041814 
SE0018561839 
SE0011169549 
SE0009860174 
SE0021749595 
NO0013203117 
SE0022579694 
NO0013347294 
NO0013392514 
SE0023447719 
SE0021007457 
NO0013157883 
NO0010883010 
NO0013044412 
SE0021749553 
NO0013202614 
SE0022578985 
NO0013348334 
SE0023282967 
NO0013393892 
SE0021007077 
DK0062045464 
SE0013933660 
SE0012315141 
DK0062680567 
NO0013202440 
NO0013240630 
DK0063153051 
SE0023283718 
DK0063419775 
NO0013041996 
SE0020979219 
DK0062323028 
SE0016600183 
SE0021741766 
NO0013201806 
SE0022585659 
SE0023110929 
SE0023283593 
SE0023448162 
SE0021014438 
SE0015497359 
FI4000266440 
SE0020363414 
SE0021741774 
SE0022398723 
DK0063003918 
SE0023111323 
SE0023288626 
DK0063413737 
SE0021006418 
SE0018561284 
SE0018565772 
DK0062080966 
SE0021741691 
SE0022400115 
DK0063007661 
DK0063153804 
SE0023289178 
DK0063411525 
SE0021005659 
SE0012958254 
SE0008403505 
SE0017214760 
NO0013125260 
SE0022398558 
SE0022584033 
SE0023106984 
SE0023289715 
DK0063411608 
SE0021006814 
SE0015497086 
SE0017212400 
NO0010910219 
SE0021737749 
SE0022399952 
SE0022584868 
SE0023108303 
SE0023289095 
SE0023448816 
SE0021006574 
SE0017213960 
SE0011753136 
SE0017215312 
SE0021737855 
SE0022399879 
DK0063012745 
SE0023109483 
DK0063300538 
SE0023448527 
DK0062447777 
NO0010908619 
DK0061015690 
SE0017216054 
NO0013125294 
SE0022399796 
NO0013306613 
DK0063142443 
DK0063310685 
SE0023448980 
DK0062428710 
NO0010906191 
SE0021501103 
SE0017222417 
SE0021744703 
SE0022400883 
NO0013306688 
DK0063145701 
DK0063312707 
NO0013396044 
SE0021006863 
SE0015947239 
SE0019030057 
NO0010906795 
SE0021746054 
SE0022398970 
SE0022580940 
SE0023109228 
SE0023287776 
DK0063412259 
SE0021005303 
SE0015944749 
SE0015242342 
NO0012998691 
SE0021745148 
SE0022400263 
SE0022580817 
DK0063145974 
DK0063307897 
SE0023448410 
SE0021004983 
DK0061299195 
SE0009859721 
NO0010794530 
SE0021744943 
SE0022398897 
SE0022578399 
DK0063151782 
SE0023289004 
NO0013401349 
SE0020694727 
DK0062287041 
SE0017215114 
SE0017576655 
SE0021744091 
SE0022399440 
SE0022578498 
SE0023117544 
SE0023290051 
SE0023448840 
SE0020197655 
FI4000253489 
SE0011752112 
SE0016131346 
SE0021744182 
SE0022400040 
NO0013305730 
SE0023118567 
SE0023288162 
NO0013400838 
DK0062230280 
SE0020377182 
SE0016136550 
DK0061700994 
SE0021744133 
SE0022400529 
DK0062983466 
SE0023118443 
SE0023288808 
SE0023447990 
SE0020198042 
NO0010795081 
SE0017088891 
NO0012452715 
SE0021744349 
SE0022398749 
NO0013240622 
SE0023110952 
DK0063304282 
DK0063413067 
SE0018548984 
SE0021173838 
DK0062087896 
DK0062677183 
SE0021744497 
SE0022399713 
NO0013240440 
SE0023111349 
SE0023288089 
SE0023447826 
SE0018548539 
SE0014818050 
SE0017214448 
SE0019361205 
SE0021745973 
SE0022400818 
NO0013305656 
DK0063153135 
DK0063297999 
SE0023448436 
SE0018548521 
SE0016281398 
SE0021012481 
SE0017076292 
SE0021745072 
SE0022400693 
SE0022446258 
NO0013341800 
SE0023290945 
DK0063415781 
SE0018547978 
SE0012315158 
NO0012608324 
DK0062343216 
SE0021744463 
SE0022402053 
NO0013240010 
SE0023119193 
SE0023290150 
NO0013393785 
SE0019911843 
SE0020696706 
SE0020188092 
NO0012453515 
NO0013157396 
SE0022401246 
SE0022446134 
SE0023107743 
DK0063302070 
SE0023448717 
NO0013047696 
DK0060845329 
SE0013929940 
DK0061494135 
SE0021748233 
DK0062833570 
SE0022581872 
SE0023108238 
SE0023288311 
SE0023449178 
SE0020994499 
DK0061444460 
SE0016278865 
NO0010897960 
SE0021748506 
SE0022401386 
DK0062984274 
SE0023107610 
SE0023289129 
SE0023454939 
SE0021001757 
SE0017589963 
SE0018185654 
SE0011170802 
NO0013157578 
SE0022401030 
SE0022580809 
SE0023108014 
DK0063300025 
SE0023454947

--- Page 233 ---
10296168307-v22 
- 233 -
70-41081773 
 
SE0019912064 
SE0009861016 
SE0014438743 
SE0009860968 
SE0021748670 
SE0022402046 
SE0022579066 
DK0063149299 
DK0063300454 
SE0023454954 
DK0062583365 
NO0013045716 
SE0014823746 
SE0012564383 
SE0021748654 
SE0022402202 
SE0022580916 
SE0023110010 
DK0063297643 
SE0023454962 
SE0020696334 
DK0061012242 
SE0014449492 
SE0010979807 
SE0021748381 
DK0062837134 
SE0022580783 
SE0023109202 
SE0023290267 
SE0023454970 
SE0017168271 
DK0061012085 
SE0019035999 
FI4000315940 
NO0013157586 
SE0022401857 
NO0013305748 
DK0063150628 
SE0023288576 
SE0023454988 
SE0019911611 
SE0018577744 
SE0017088107 
SE0019361387 
SE0021742293 
SE0022401964 
SE0022579652 
DK0063144498 
SE0023288618 
SE0023454996 
SE0019911975 
SE0009983422 
SE0015951124 
NO0012452780 
NO0013157305 
SE0022402269 
DK0062983110 
SE0023109343 
DK0063301429 
SE0023455001 
SE0020361574 
SE0020362945 
NO0010888100 
DK0062645305 
SE0021741915 
SE0022402160 
SE0022580254 
SE0023109582 
SE0023289319 
SE0023455019 
SE0020362135 
SE0013916806 
SE0017580764 
FI4000253745 
DK0062599791 
SE0022402293 
SE0022579868 
SE0023117239 
SE0023288436 
SE0023455027 
SE0020198018 
NO0010825961 
SE0015665104 
SE0016598254 
SE0021737558 
SE0022401378 
SE0022446332 
SE0023117205 
SE0023289194 
SE0023455035 
SE0020197804 
SE0019047143 
FI4000437561 
SE0021010683 
NO0013125484 
SE0022401204 
DK0062973319 
SE0023118195 
DK0063298450 
SE0023455043 
DK0062226767 
SE0010821959 
SE0014436689 
DK0060977908 
NO0013125492 
SE0022401675 
SE0022584306 
NO0013341156 
DK0063305255 
NO0013125658 
SE0020196178 
DK0061300035 
DK0061446408 
SE0010629824 
NO0013157297 
DK0062836169 
SE0022584843 
SE0023116470 
SE0023288683 
SE0022408019 
SE0020193720 
NO0010825797 
SE0019367319 
SE0014440822 
NO0013157222 
SE0022408134 
NO0013306829 
NO0013344721 
SE0023288717 
SE0022589495 
SE0020194660 
SE0017568918 
SE0019895772 
SE0004447050 
NO0013157230 
SE0022407730 
NO0013241927 
SE0023117650 
SE0023287842 
SE0023120019 
SE0020194629 
SE0021017324 
SE0011171537 
SE0017076540 
NO0013125526 
SE0022408043 
NO0013242016 
SE0023119433 
SE0023287768 
SE0023290234 
DK0062229431 
SE0019042474 
SE0019059205 
SE0009860240

--- Page 234 ---
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 
Helsinki 
Finland 
FISCAL AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland 
(Issuer Service DK) 
P.O. Box 850 
DK-0900 Copenhagen C 
Denmark 
VPS PAYING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
PO box 1166, Sentrum  
0107 Oslo  
Norway 
FINNISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 235 ---
10296168307-v22 
70-41081773 
 
FINNISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Finland Ltd 
PB1110 
FIN-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
SWEDISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige 
Smålandsgatan 15-17 
111 46 Stockholm 
Sweden 
SWEDISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to Finnish law 
as to English law 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom