--- Page 1 ---
NORDEA BANK ABP 
(a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland) 
Programme for the Issuance of Warrants and Certificates 
Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea", "Nordea Bank Abp" or the "Issuer") has established a programme for the issuance 
of warrants and certificates (the "Programme"). The Issuer may from time to time issue warrants and certificates 
(the "Instruments") under the Programme on an unsubordinated basis, denominated in any currency. Instruments 
issued pursuant to the Programme may include Instruments issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") 
and Instruments designated by an Issuer as "VP Instruments", "VPS Instruments", "Finnish Instruments" or 
"Swedish Instruments". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of 
the Instruments that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Instruments. Such approval relates only to Instruments issued under the Programme 
within twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), as amended or replaced from time to 
time ("MiFID II") and / or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") or in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Instruments issued under the Programme within twelve 
months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated 
market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be determined by the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Instruments will be issued on the general terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments" (the "Conditions"), as completed by a final terms document (the "Final Terms"). 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Instruments under the Programme which investors should ensure 
they fully understand (see "Risk Factors" below). 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 December 2020

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus, including the Annexes hereto, which form part of this Base Prospectus, should be 
read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) 
of Instruments, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be available from www.nordea.com. 
The Issuer has confirmed that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the 
Instruments) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Instruments) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Instrument shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Instruments see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
THE INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE 
ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE 
INSTRUMENTS MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")). SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
Information for distributors on the manufacturer's target market assessment for each Series of Instruments 
can be obtained by distributors from Nordea or via platforms specified by Nordea, which will outline the

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the 
Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
An investment in the Instruments may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with Nordea or 
with any other investment firm in the Nordea Group (a "Nordea Bank Deposit"). However, an investment 
in the Instruments carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of a Nordea Bank Deposit. 
The Instruments are expected to have greater liquidity than a Nordea Bank Deposit since Nordea Bank 
Deposits are generally not transferable. However, the Instruments may have no established trading market 
when issued, and one may never develop. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Instruments—The 
Instruments may not be freely transferred" and " Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Instruments —There 
is no active trading market for the Instruments". Investments in the Instruments do not benefit from any 
protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
deposit guarantee schemes or any national measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. 
Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in such 
Instruments in a worst case scenario could lose their entire investment. Further, as a result of the 
implementation of BRRD (as defined herein), holders of the Instruments may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which 
may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. See "Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory 
Risks relating to the Instruments— Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially 
adversely affect the value of the Instruments including in a manner which may result in Holders of the 
Instruments losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Instruments or receiving a different 
security than the Instruments". 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the Instruments are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the relevant Instruments or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK would be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Instruments must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such 
investor's own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Instruments and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Instruments, including Instruments with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such 
potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated or, as in the case of Certificates, 
where the principal is not protected and a potential investor may lose all or part of the invested 
capital;

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
(d) 
understand the terms of the relevant Instruments and the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Instruments are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's 
overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Instruments which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Instruments will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Instruments and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Instruments. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal 
of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation ("Public 
Offers") in each Member State of the EEA or in the UK for which the Issuer has given its consent referred 
to in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction" and together, the "Public Offer 
Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Instruments on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent- see ''Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus" 
below. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates or indices. 
Any such reference rate or index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate or index does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Economic Area, references to "EU Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Union and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded). References to "U.S. dollars" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro", 
"euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on 
the introduction of the Euro, as amended; references to "sterling" and "GBP" are to Pounds Sterling; 
references to "Yen" and "JPY" are to Japanese Yen; references to "SEK" are to Swedish Krona; references 
to "NOK" are to Norwegian Krone; references to "DKK" are to Danish Krone and references to "CAD" 
are to Canadian Dollars. References to the "Merger" mean the merger of Nordea Bank AB (publ), the 
parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation (as defined below), into Nordea Bank 
Abp through a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption on the Completion Date (as defined 
below). References to "Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from 
the context that the term refers to Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before 
the Re-domiciliation. References to the "Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies 
for which Nordea is the parent company, except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to 
any particular subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries. References to the "Completion Date" mean the date 
of completion of the Merger being 1 October 2018. References to the "Re-domiciliation" mean the re-

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland that was carried out 
through the Merger. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS 
In the context of any Public Offer of Instruments the Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide a 
certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation 
to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of Norway, Sweden, Finland and 
Denmark (the "Host Member States"). Even though the Issuer has elected to passport this Base Prospectus 
into the Host Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host 
Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Instruments to see whether the 
Issuer has elected to make a public offer of Instruments in either Ireland or a Host Member State (each a 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to 
herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of 
any Instruments is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use this 
Base Prospectus (such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during 
the period for which that consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the 
giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer 
by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any offer of the Instruments in any jurisdiction. Any offer made by any third 
party without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Instruments by a person which is not the Issuer or 
an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Instruments; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Instruments in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to the conditions set out above, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection 
with a Public Offer of Instruments in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.nordea.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Public Offer. 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY INSTRUMENTS IN A 
PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH INSTRUMENTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS 
TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
INSTRUMENTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. THE ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt ratings of the Issuer are: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service Limited 
Aa3 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AA- (negative outlook) 
Fitch Ratings Limited 
AA- (negative outlook) 
DBRS Ratings Limited 
AA (low) 
 
In accordance with: 
 
Moody's 
ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aa' are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category; 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
obligations rated 'AA' differ from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong of the highest quality, 
subject to the lowest level of credit risk. The negative modifier shows relative standing within the 
rating categories; 
 
Fitch Ratings Limited Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, obligations rated 'AA' denote expectations of very 
low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. The modifier "-" denotes relative 
status within major rating categories. A Negative Rating Outlook signals a negative trend on the 
rating scale but it does not imply that a rating change is inevitable; and 
 
DBRS Ratings Limited's rating definitions available as at the date of this Prospectus on 
https://www.dbrs.com/understanding-ratings, obligations rated 'AA' are of superior credit quality. 
The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from 
AAA only to a small degree. Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events and the 
modifier 'low' indicates the sub-category.  
Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") are established in the 
UK and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") is established in the EEA. Each of Moody's, S&P 
and Fitch are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. 
Instruments to be issued under the Programme will not be rated.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action has not been withdrawn or suspended) or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK, but which is certified under the CRA Regulation (and such certification 
has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a 
change in the credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, 
could affect the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Instruments. 
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or 
that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is subsequently 
lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Instruments, and the market value and liquidity of the Instruments may be 
adversely affected. In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual 
Instruments issued under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally 
will also affect the market value of the Instruments. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by 
the agencies. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of Nordea, as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management of Nordea, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Nordea Group's future results of operations, financial condition, 
cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of Nordea's management for future operations can 
generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", 
"intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" or similar 
expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea, or industry results, to 
differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial 
markets; 
 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Nordea 
Group operates; 
 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; 
 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices;

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
changes in the quality of the Nordea Group's loan portfolio and the Nordea Group's counterparty 
risk; 
 
changes in the Nordea Group's liquidity position or that of any of its counterparties; 
 
changes in the Nordea Group's credit ratings; 
 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; and 
 
increased longevity, medical developments and other parameters that impact the Nordea Group's 
life insurance business. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove 
to be incorrect, the Nordea Group's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially 
from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges investors to 
read the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "The Nordea Group" for a more 
complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Nordea Group's future performance and the industry 
in which the Nordea Group operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 44 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS ............................................................................................................. 46 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 49 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 50 
INTRODUCTION TO WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES .................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 66 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 124 
THE NORDEA GROUP .......................................................................................................................... 143 
NORDEA BANK ABP ............................................................................................................................ 157 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 163 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 164 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 168 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 172 
ANNEX 1  AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 223 
ANNEX 2  AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 224 
ANNEX 3  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE 
NORDEA GROUP FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2020 ................................. 225

--- Page 11 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 11 - 
70-41006567 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Instruments involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Instruments. The risks described below could have a material 
adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations or the value 
of the Instruments. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Nordea Group's 
management is not currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in 
other events that could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Instruments issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or 
in connection with any Instruments may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Instruments is exhaustive. 
A.  
Risks Relating to the Outbreak of COVID-19 
The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity.  
The outbreak of COVID-19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") has spread rapidly globally 
in recent months and disrupted various markets and resulted in severe uncertainty about the development 
of the economies affected by the outbreak both in Europe and elsewhere. The majority of the Nordea 
Group's operations are concentrated in the Nordic countries that have been, and are expected to continue to 
be, exposed to the coronavirus outbreak in a similar manner as a number of other European countries. The 
Nordea Group is affected by the coronavirus outbreak through its direct and indirect impact on the 
customers, counterparties, employees and other stakeholders of the Nordea Group, both in the Nordic 
countries and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, such as business closings and 
restrictions on travel and gatherings. For example, the coronavirus outbreak and the preventive measures 
implemented in the Nordic countries and elsewhere to contain its spread could have an adverse effect on 
borrowers, which, in turn, could result in decreased credit quality and increased provisioning levels. Net 
loan losses of the Nordea Group increased in the nine months ended 30 September 2020 compared to the 
corresponding period in 2019, primarily reflecting additional loan loss provisions made to provide coverage 
for the likely near-term increase in loan losses related to the effects of the coronavirus outbreak. There is 
also no certainty that such public health and other preventive measures will be sufficient to mitigate the 
risks posed by the coronavirus outbreak, and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) 
could have an adverse effect on the Nordea Group's operations, including the Nordea Group's ability to 
perform some of its critical functions and serve its customers. The exact ramifications of the coronavirus 
outbreak are highly uncertain and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the spread 
or duration of the pandemic, including any potential future resurgence or "second wave", or its full effect 
on global and local economies or on the Nordea Group.   
There can also be no assurances that the adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak will not lead to a 
tightening of liquidity conditions or funding uncertainty, or adversely affect the credit ratings assigned to 
Nordea or its subsidiaries. On 30 April 2020, Standard & Poor's revised its ratings outlook for Nordea from 
stable to negative, citing the weakening of the economic environment following the outbreak of the 
coronavirus pandemic as a primary driver for the new ratings outlook. New regulatory requirements may 
also be introduced to address any liquidity concerns or other adverse effects the coronavirus outbreak may 
have on the financial sector, and financial institutions, such as the Nordea Group, could also become subject 
to related heightened supervisory demands. Any such requirements or demands may result in the Nordea 
Group having to modify its operational practices and incur substantial monitoring and compliance costs. 
Financial institutions are, due to the coronavirus outbreak, also activating business continuity and 
contingency plans, which, depending on the duration and overall adverse impact of the outbreak, could 
result in significant additional cost and adversely affect existing business models. In order to mitigate the 
economic effects of the coronavirus outbreak, national governments and regulators have also announced 
certain special temporary measures applicable to banking institutions, including, among others, the

--- Page 12 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 12 - 
70-41006567 
 
implementation of measures intended to provide debt relief to various sectors of the economy, including 
but not limited to payment deferrals, limits on interest rates charged, and temporary relief from insolvency 
and bankruptcy measures. Many financial institutions, including the Nordea Group, have also offered 
support programmes to their customers in the form of, among others, instalment-free periods for 
outstanding loans of certain customer groups.  These measures may have an adverse impact on the Nordea 
Group's ability to realise obligations owed by customers in a timely manner and could require it to find 
alternative sources of income or funding to address any such impact. Regulators have also issued rules and 
other guidance to financial institutions that aimed to encourage capital conservation, including a 
recommendation by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") that significant credit institutions, such as the 
Nordea Group, refrain from dividend payments and certain other distributions until 1 January 2021.   
Any of the foregoing, and any future adverse consequences related to the coronavirus outbreak not yet 
known, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial 
terms acceptable to the Nordea Group. 
 
B.  
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). Development of the economic conditions in 
other markets where the Nordea Group currently operates, including Russia and, through Nordea's minority 
ownership in Luminor, a Baltic bank active in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the Baltic countries, can also 
affect the Nordea Group's performance. In recent years, the economic conditions in the Nordic region have, 
in general, developed more favourably relative to the rest of Europe, benefiting from generally sound public 
finances. However, there have been differences between countries within the region. In 2017, the Nordic 
economies saw synchronised growth for the first time in many years. In Sweden, the economic picture 
remained strong with growth above 2.5 per cent, while the Danish economy grew by 2 per cent, despite 
negative growth during the third quarter due to temporary factors. The growth in Norway also picked up, 
supported by the recovery in oil prices and low unemployment. In Finland, the economy expanded by more 
than 3 per cent driven both by strong domestic demand and higher exports. In 2018, the growth continued 
in the Nordic economies, and unemployment levels continued to decrease in each Nordic country. In 
Denmark, the economy grew by 0.9 per cent, supported by high employment levels, while the growth rate 
was adversely affected due to an unusually warm and dry summer leading to a poor harvest. In Finland, the 
economy continued to grow with a rate of 2.3 per cent driven both by domestic demand and increased 
exports. In Norway, the economy grew by 2.9 per cent and in Sweden the economy continued to grow with 
a rate of 2.3 per cent. In 2019, the slowing down of the global economy affected the Nordic countries, albeit 
to varying degrees. Finland and Sweden were impacted to a greater degree, particularly in their business 
cycle development, while Norway and Denmark fared better due to their somewhat different corporate 
sector structures. The Norwegian economy had the highest growth rate in the Nordic region in 2019 with 
2.5 per cent, followed by the economy in Denmark that grew with a rate of 2.1 per cent, Finland with a rate 
of 1.5 per cent and Sweden with a rate of 1.1 per cent.   
The outbreak of the coronavirus, which developed into a pandemic during the first quarter of 2020 and 
resulted in a global lockdown of communities and closed borders, is expected to push the world economy 
into a deep recession. In Denmark, economic growth  most likely continued in the first two months of 2020, 
supported by record-high employment previously, but the outbreak of the coronavirus has triggered a sharp 
increase in unemployment and a deterioration in both consumer and business confidence. In Finland, the 
rate of economic growth had decreased prior to the outbreak of the coronavirus, although the labour market 
remained strong, but the global pandemic started to affect Finnish economy predominately from mid-March 
onwards. In Norway, economic growth from 2019 has stopped, mainland GDP has fallen in the first half of 
2020 and the Norwegian krone has weakened significantly due to low oil prices and the low-risk 
environment in financial markets. In Sweden, economic growth had started to slow down in the first quarter 
of 2020 with declining exports and weaker growth in domestic demand, and the outbreak of the coronavirus 
has had a marked impact on the Swedish economy, which contracted by 8.6 per cent in the second quarter 
of 2020 and resulted in higher unemployment. The duration of the expected recession will depend on how 
long the lockdowns and restrictions will last and the behavioural changes within households and businesses 
that the outbreak will likely cause, and various more severe scenarios cannot be excluded.

--- Page 13 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 13 - 
70-41006567 
 
There can be no assurances that the relatively stable underlying economic conditions prior to the 
coronavirus outbreak will continue. Adverse economic developments have affected and may continue to 
affect the Nordea Group's business in a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, 
liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Nordea Group's customers, which, in turn, could further 
reduce the Nordea Group's credit quality and demand for the Nordea Group's financial products and 
services. As a result, any or all of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures 
implemented by the Nordea Group might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
Accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea 
Group operates have recently also had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, the ECB and local central 
banks have reduced interest rates to record lows, with interest rates reaching negative levels in many 
countries, including Denmark, Sweden and the euro countries. Any further reductions in interest rates or a 
prolonged period of low interest rates may result in a decrease in the net interest margin of the Nordea 
Group, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See also "—Risks Relating to Market Exposure—The Nordea Group is 
exposed to structural market risk—Structural Interest Rate Risk" below. 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Nordea Group. 
In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions and volatility as a 
result of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, fears related to a 
slowdown of the Chinese economy and uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy changes in the 
United States. In Europe, the continued modest GDP growth and low inflation have raised concerns, as 
evidenced by the quantitative easing programme introduced by the ECB in January 2015 which was 
extended to the end of 2018, and subsequently resumed in September 2019 and expanded in March and 
June 2020, and the uncertainty over the continued weak economic development of certain countries in the 
euro area, in particular Greece and Italy, and their remaining a member in the euro area has continued. The 
market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by the slower economic growth 
and increased debt levels in China, the timing of monetary policy changes in the United States and the 
volatile global oil prices. Geopolitical events, such as continued tensions in the Middle East and the Korean 
Peninsula, the UK's withdrawal from the EU (see also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory 
Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations" below), changes in certain policy goals of the U.S. 
government and in trade policies globally, including the introduction of related protectionist initiatives such 
as new or higher tariffs, pandemics and widespread public health crises have also caused, and are likely to 
continue to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the global economy. 
For example, the coronavirus outbreak, which has spread rapidly globally in recent months, has disrupted 
various markets and resulted in severe uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the 
outbreak (see also "—The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies 
exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and 
liquidity" above). There can also be no assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity conditions in the 
future as a result of, for example, further deterioration of public finances of certain European countries will 
not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit spreads. 
C. 
Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Credit Portfolio 
Deterioration in counterparties' credit quality may affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Nordea Group's businesses. The Nordea Group makes 
provisions for loan losses in accordance with IFRS. However, the provisions made are based on available 
information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurances that 
the provisions will be sufficient to cover the amount of loan losses as they occur. Adverse changes in the 
credit quality of the Nordea Group's borrowers and counterparties, or a decrease in collateral values, are 
likely to affect the recoverability and value of the Nordea Group's assets and require an increase in the 
Nordea Group's individual provisions and potentially in collective provisions for impaired loans, which in 
turn would adversely affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. In particular, the Nordea Group's 
exposure to corporate customers is subject to adverse changes in credit quality should the economic

--- Page 14 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 14 - 
70-41006567 
 
environment in the Nordea Group's markets deteriorate. For example, a significant decline in global oil 
prices and the resulting challenging operating environment negatively affected the shipping and offshore 
sector in 2017. The ability of the Nordea Group's borrowers may also be affected by foreign exchange risk 
to the extent their loans are denominated in a currency other than the currency they earn their main income 
in. For more information see also "—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions—Negative economic 
developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can adversely affect the 
Nordea Group's business and results of operations" above and "—Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Changes in the Nordea Group's 
accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how it reports its financial condition 
and results of operations" and "—Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business—The operations 
of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular Russia, are subject to risks that do not apply, 
or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets" below. Further, actual loan losses vary 
over the business cycle. A significant increase in the size of the Nordea Group's allowance for loan losses 
and loan losses not covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk. 
The Nordea Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate clients. Many of these transactions expose the Nordea Group to the risk that the Nordea Group's 
counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract defaults 
on its obligations prior to maturity when the Nordea Group has an outstanding claim against that 
counterparty. Counterparty credit risk also appears in repurchasing agreements and other securities 
financing contracts. Due to volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets during the past years, 
counterparty credit risk has remained at an elevated level compared to the period preceding the global 
financial and economic crisis. This credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by the 
Nordea Group cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the 
counterparty exposure. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative 
contracts, the Nordea Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk 
of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty after the Nordea Group has 
given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the 
corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the 
transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected 
by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the countries concerned. 
D. 
Risks Relating to Market Exposure 
The Nordea Group is exposed to market price risk. 
The Nordea Group's customer-driven trading operations and its treasury operations (where the Nordea 
Group holds investment and liquidity portfolios for its own account) are the key contributors to market 
price risk in the Nordea Group. The fair value of financial instruments held by the Nordea Group, including 
bonds, equity investments, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, 
commodities and derivatives, are sensitive to volatility of and correlations between various market 
variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent 
volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Nordea Group's bond, derivative and 
structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes, could fall more than estimated, and therefore cause the 
Nordea Group to record write-downs. Future valuations of the assets for which the Nordea Group has 
already recorded or estimated write-downs, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may 
result in significant changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, the value of certain financial 
instruments is recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models incorporating 
assumptions, judgments and estimations that are uncertain and which may change over time or may be 
inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the Nordea Group to recognise further write-downs or realise 
impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, because the Nordea Group's trading and investment income 
depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result 
in a significant decline in the Nordea Group's trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss,

--- Page 15 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 15 - 
70-41006567 
 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group is exposed to structural market risk. 
Structural Interest Rate Risk 
Like all banks, the Nordea Group earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and other creditors. The net effect of changes to the Nordea Group's net interest income depends 
on the relative levels of assets and liabilities that are affected by the changes in interest rates. The Nordea 
Group is exposed to structural interest income risk when there is a mismatch between the interest rate re 
pricing periods, volumes or reference rates of its assets, liabilities and derivatives. This mismatch could, in 
the event of changes in interest rates, have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Structural Foreign Exchange Risk 
The Nordea Group is exposed to currency translation risk primarily as a result of its Norwegian and Swedish 
banking businesses, as it prepares its consolidated financial statements in its functional currency, the euro. 
Because the Nordea Group shows translation differences between the local currency denominated equity 
positions of its fully consolidated subsidiaries, the euro effects arising from currency translation may reduce 
equity. In addition, because some of the Nordea Group's consolidated risk exposure amount ("REA"), 
against which the Nordea Group is required to hold a minimum level of capital, is denominated in local 
currencies, any significant depreciation of the euro against these local currencies would adversely impact 
the Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios.  
The Nordea Group is also subject to foreign exchange risk in connection with its non-euro denominated 
funding arrangements. While the Nordea Group generally follows a policy of hedging its foreign exchange 
risk, including by seeking to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund 
them and by entering into hedging arrangements with respect to currency exposures, there can be no 
assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully hedge some or all of this currency risk 
exposure or that it will in all instances be feasible for the Nordea Group to hedge such exposure. 
E. 
Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Requirements 
The Nordea Group's business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced 
or perceived to be inadequate. 
The Nordea Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to EU and Finnish 
legislation. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") has introduced a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks, the principal 
elements of which are set out in its papers released on 16 December 2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 
press release setting out minimum requirements for additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss 
absorbency at the point of non-viability, "Basel III"). Basel III has been implemented in the EU by way of 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (as 
amended), (the "Capital Requirements Directive") and the direct application of the Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "CRR" and, together with the Capital 
Requirements Directive and the CRD Implementing Measures (as such term is defined in the Conditions), 
the "CRD") in each EU Member State.  The CRR has applied in all EU Member States from 1 January 
2014 and the Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force in 
2014. To finalise the Basel III reforms, the BCBS has also published a package that, with the resulting 
changes, may lead to further enhanced requirements in relation to the Nordea Group's capital, liquidity and 
funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated and, as a result, adversely affect the Nordea Group's 
capital position. 
Local regulators may, nevertheless, require higher capital buffers than those required under current or 
proposed future regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the 
financial services industry and the concerns over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of 
institution-specific capital requirements, over the financial position of an institution. Any such

--- Page 16 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 16 - 
70-41006567 
 
requirements, or perception by debt and equity investors, analysts or other market professionals that the 
capital buffers should be higher, or any concern regarding compliance with future capital adequacy 
requirements, could increase the Nordea Group's borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets or 
result in a downgrade in its credit ratings, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, lower internal credit rating of customers, 
substantial market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in the general capital adequacy regulatory 
framework or regulatory treatment of certain positions, such as changes in risk weights assigned to asset 
classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the 
deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or deterioration of the economic environment, among 
other things, could result in an increase in the Nordea Group's REA, which potentially may reduce the 
Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the Nordea Group were to experience a reduction in its capital 
adequacy ratios, and could not raise further capital, it would have to reduce its lending or investments in 
other operations. See also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea 
Group Operates—The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new 
capital adequacy and recovery and resolution framework requirements" below. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Nordea Group's operations. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Nordea Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or 
meet its liquidity commitments only at an increased cost. A substantial portion of the Nordea Group's 
liquidity and funding requirements is met through reliance on customer deposits, as well as ongoing access 
to wholesale funding markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments, such as covered 
bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during 
periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect 
the Nordea Group's liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business 
with the Nordea Group, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business and 
results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its 
credit ratings. 
There can be no assurances that Nordea or its mortgage subsidiaries will be able to maintain their current 
ratings or that the Nordea Group will retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current 
long-term ratings of Nordea or one of its mortgage subsidiaries may increase their funding costs, limit 
access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other 
secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could adversely affect the Nordea 
Group's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
F. 
Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business 
The Nordea Group faces competition in all markets. 
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Nordea Group 
provides and there can be no assurances that the Nordea Group can maintain its competitive position. In 
addition, the financial services market may face significant changes due to the development of digital 
banking and changes in consumer behaviour as well as regulatory developments, such as the 
implementation of the Revised Payment Services Directive 2015/2366/EU that, among others, introduced 
new, more robust security requirements for online transactions, as well as new operators entering the 
market. Even though the Nordea Group is implementing a transformational change agenda involving, 
among other things, significant investments in technology, there can be no assurances that the Nordea 
Group will be able to continue to adjust its operating models and arrangements to respond to new forms of 
competition. If the Nordea Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may 
fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest, fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 17 - 
70-41006567 
 
Operational risks, including risks in connection with investment advice, may affect the Nordea Group's 
business. 
The Nordea Group's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex 
transactions across different markets in many currencies. The Nordea Group's operations are carried out 
through a number of entities. Operational losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, costs, 
and direct and indirect financial losses and/or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in 
internal processes, information technology ("IT") and other systems (including the implementation of new 
systems and platforms), licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, 
subcontractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, 
or from customer complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not limited to 
anti-money laundering, economic and financial sanctions, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct 
of business rules, equipment failures, failure to protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and 
collateral, failure of physical and security protection, natural disasters or the failure of external systems, 
including those of the Nordea Group's suppliers or counterparties and failure to fulfil its obligations, 
contractual or otherwise. Although the Nordea Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions 
to mitigate exposures and/or losses, there can be no assurances that such procedures will be effective in 
controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Nordea Group, or that the Nordea Group's reputation 
will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks. 
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Nordea Group provides its customers with 
investment advice, access to internally as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-
party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice from the Nordea 
Group, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external fund managers, the Nordea Group's customers 
may seek compensation from the Nordea Group. Such compensation might be sought even if the Nordea 
Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its customers. 
In addition, providing investment advice is subject to reputational risk, and claims from customers or 
penalties imposed by competent authorities with respect to investment advice provided by the Nordea 
Group could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's reputation, business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Nordea may not be able to realise the savings it expects to generate through the Re-domiciliation. 
As discussed in more detail under "The Nordea Group—Legal Structure—Nordea Group", on 6 September 
2017 the board of directors of Nordea decided to initiate the Re-domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation 
of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, which is participating in the EU's 
banking union. This decision was, in part, based on the expected savings related to resolution fees, deposit 
guarantee fees and other transitional effects due to the Re-domiciliation. The estimates related to the 
expected savings were based on a number of assumptions and judgments relating to, among others, the 
level of resolution and deposit guarantee fees going forward and transitional effects due to the Re-
domiciliation and were prepared based on Nordea's expectation on the development of the commercial, 
regulatory and economic environments. The estimates related to expected savings did not reflect 
unanticipated events that, among others, may result from developments in the regulatory regime, including 
the applicable capital requirements and tax regulations, that the Nordea Group is subject to or potential 
unforeseen costs related to the Re-domiciliation. There can be no assurances that the anticipated cost 
savings related to the Re-domiciliation will materialise, and any failure to fully materialise the anticipated 
cost savings could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Profitability in the Nordea Group's life and pension business depends on regulations and guidelines in 
the countries in which it operates.  
In addition to insurance risk and investment risks related to its life insurance business common to all life 
insurance and pension providers, the Nordea Group's ability to generate profit from its insurance 
subsidiaries generally depends on the level of fees and other income generated by the insurance and pension 
business. The level of fees and other income which the Nordea Group may earn from its life insurance 
subsidiaries differs from country to country, depending on regulations and guidelines promulgated by the

--- Page 18 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 18 - 
70-41006567 
 
relevant financial services authorities on shareholder fees, IFRS bridging, profit sharing and solvency 
requirements. 
The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular Russia, are subject to 
risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. 
The Nordea Group's operations outside the Nordic markets present various risks that do not apply, or apply 
to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. Some of these markets, in particular Russia, are 
typically more volatile and less developed economically and politically than markets in Western Europe 
and North America. The Nordea Group faces economic and political risk, including economic volatility, 
recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as civil 
unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to specific countries, expropriation, 
nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or 
tax policy. For example, the crisis in the region of Crimea and eastern Ukraine that commenced in early 
2014 and related events, such as the sanctions imposed by the United States and the EU against Russia, 
have had an adverse effect on the economic climate in Russia. Should the crisis in these regions continue 
or new or escalated tensions between Russia and Ukraine or other countries emerge, or should additional 
economic, financial or other sanctions in response to such crises or tensions be imposed, this could have a 
further adverse effect on the economies in Russia, neighbouring regions and other countries. Even though 
the Nordea Group has in recent years reduced its exposure in Russia, risks related to the Nordea Group's 
remaining operations in Russia could impact the ability or obligations of the Nordea Group's borrowers to 
repay their loans and the ability of the Nordea Group to utilise collateral held as security and affect interest 
rates and foreign exchange rates, and could produce social instability and adversely impact levels of 
economic activity, which would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations in Russia. 
The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees. 
The Nordea Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the Nordea Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy 
depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition 
from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from 
businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. New regulatory restrictions, 
such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth 
in CRD, could adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate 
existing employees. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability 
to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business. 
The Nordea Group may not be able to successfully implement its strategy. 
The Nordea Group has a strategy to be a leading Nordic relationship bank and to leverage its platform 
across its four Nordic core markets. To execute this strategy and to further improve profitability, Nordea 
launched a new business plan in October 2019. 
For more information, see "The Nordea Group—Strategy". There can be no assurances that the Nordea 
Group will be able to successfully implement its strategy within the expected timeframe or at all, and the 
expected benefits of the Nordea Group's strategy may not materialise, including if the markets in which the 
Nordea Group operates do not develop as expected. Furthermore, the Nordea Group's strategy may have 
negative consequences in respect of attracting and retaining employees (see "—The Nordea Group could 
fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees" above) or other areas. Any of the above 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
G. 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates 
The Nordea Group is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the Nordea Group, operate under an extensive 
regulatory regime. The Nordea Group is subject to laws and regulations, administrative actions and policies 
as well as related oversight from the local regulators in each of the jurisdictions in which it has operations.

--- Page 19 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 19 - 
70-41006567 
 
These jurisdictions include Finland, where the Nordea Group's parent company Nordea Bank Abp is based, 
Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Russia, China, Estonia, Germany, Luxembourg, Poland, Singapore, the United 
Kingdom and the United States. The Nordea Group is also under the direct supervision and subject to the 
regulations of the ECB, as a result of the size of its assets. 
These laws and regulations, requirements, administrative actions and policies are subject to change and 
may from time to time require significant costs to comply with. 
Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, 
but are not limited to, (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general changes in 
government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence customer or investor 
decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordea Group's markets, (iii) changes in capital 
adequacy framework, imposition of onerous compliance obligations, restrictions on business growth or 
pricing and requirements to operate in a way that prioritises other objectives over shareholder value 
creation, (iv) changes in competition and pricing environments, (v) differentiation amongst financial 
institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees to bank customer deposits and the 
terms attaching to such guarantees, (vi) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes 
in legislation relating to foreign ownership, (vii) further developments in the financial reporting 
environment and (viii) other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic developments producing legal 
uncertainty, which, in each case, may affect demand for the Nordea Group's products and services. 
As a result of global financial and economic crises, a number of regulatory initiatives have been proposed 
and taken to amend or implement rules and regulations, which have had, or could likely have, an impact on 
the business of the Nordea Group. Such initiatives include, but are not limited to, requirements for liquidity, 
capital adequacy and handling of counterparty risks, regulatory tools provided to authorities to allow them 
to intervene in scenarios of distress and the introduction of a common system of financial transactions tax 
in the euro area. One such new requirement is the obligation under the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD") for banks, such as Nordea, to contribute to resolution funds, the purpose 
of which are to finance the resolution of failing banks without having to resort to taxpayer money. Nordea 
contributes to the EU-wide Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). See also "— The supervision of the Nordea 
Group was recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism".  
Regulatory developments such as these or any other requirements, restrictions, limitations on the operations 
of financial institutions and costs involved, or unexpected requirements under, or uncertainty with respect 
to, the regulatory framework to be applied to the Nordea Group, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new capital adequacy 
and recovery and resolution framework requirements. 
The BCBS has introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in Basel III. Basel III has been 
implemented in the EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the direct application of the CRR 
in each EU Member State. The heightened capital requirements, the continuing regulatory developments 
and higher demands on liquidity have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in the Nordea Group, 
similar to other financial institutions, incurring substantial costs in monitoring and complying with these 
new requirements, which may also adversely affect the business environment in the financial sector. 
Furthermore, the EU has introduced a recovery and resolution framework for credit institutions and 
investment firms, which includes a so-called "bail-in" system, as well as a single supervisory mechanism, 
a single resolution mechanism and a full banking union in the euro area. These new requirements, other 
proposals and supervisory structures may impact existing business models. See also "—Recent regulatory 
actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position" below. 
Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position. 
Nordea operates under the BRRD that was implemented in Finland on 1 January 2015 through the Finnish 
Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Fi: laki luottolaitosten ja 
sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta (1194/2014)) and the Finnish Act on Financial Stability 
Authority (Fi: laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta (1195/2014)).

--- Page 20 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 20 - 
70-41006567 
 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss-absorbing capacity, the BRRD provides for the relevant 
resolution authority to set minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") for each 
institution, based on, among other criteria, its size, risk and business model. The framework for MREL for 
banks (the "MREL Framework") is conceptually similar to the principles for Total Loss Absorbing 
Capacity ("TLAC") issued by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") and both aim to ensure that banks have 
sufficient loss absorbing capacity to preserve the continuity of critical functions, ensure financial stability, 
and minimise the burden to taxpayers arising from any failure of the institution. 
According to the FSB standard and the MREL Framework, there is a particular need to ensure that 
authorities possess the necessary legal powers to expose eligible instruments to loss and that they can 
exercise their powers without material risk of successful legal challenge or giving rise to compensation 
costs under the "no creditor worse off than in liquidation" ("NCWOL") principle. Similarly, authorities 
must be confident that the holders of these instruments are able to absorb losses in a time of stress in the 
financial markets without spreading contagion and without necessitating the allocation of loss to liabilities 
where that would cause disruption to critical functions or significant financial instability. Eligible 
instruments should, therefore, not include operational liabilities on which the performance of critical 
functions depends, and a minimum proportion of such eligible liabilities should be subordinated in some 
way to those operational liabilities and certain other specified categories of obligations (a so-called 
"subordination requirement"). Any instruments or liabilities that cannot be written down or converted into 
equity by the relevant resolution authority without giving rise to material risk of NCWOL claims should 
not be eligible as MREL and may give rise to a requirement to issue additional eligible liabilities under the 
MREL Framework. 
It is difficult to predict the effect MREL and/or TLAC may have on the Nordea Group until the new MREL 
and TLAC requirements have been fully implemented. There is a risk that the MREL requirements and/or 
any TLAC requirements within the MREL Framework (if applicable to the Nordea Group in the future) 
could require the Nordea Group to issue additional MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new 
requirements within the required timeframes. This, in turn, may have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary 
payments if certain capital requirements or loss absorbing capacity requirements are not met. 
The capital and regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is, and will be, subject imposes certain 
requirements for the Nordea Group to hold sufficient levels of capital, including common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital and additional loss-absorbing capacity (including MREL eligible liabilities). A failure to 
comply with such requirements, as the same may be amended from time to time, may result in restrictions 
on Nordea's ability to make "discretionary payments" in certain circumstances. If the Nordea Group's ability 
to make "discretionary payments" becomes subject to such restrictions, this could have an adverse impact 
on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding. 
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement (which is positioned above the relevant MREL requirement)  and calculated 
as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most recent decision on distribution of profits or 
"discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a maximum distributable amount ("MDA") for the 
relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary 
payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend 
payments on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
The supervision of the Nordea Group was recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became 
subject to the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism. 
The licensing of credit institutions and the supervision of the most significant banks and financial groups 
in the euro area were transferred to the ECB as of 4 November 2014 in the context of the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). Furthermore, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation 
governing the resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the euro area, that is, a regulation 
establishing a single resolution mechanism (the "Single Resolution Mechanism") for financial institutions 
(Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, the "SRM Regulation"). The Single Resolution Mechanism establishes 
the European Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") that has resolution powers over the entities that are

--- Page 21 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 21 - 
70-41006567 
 
subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the national authorities as the relevant resolution 
authority with respect to such institutions. Following the Re-domiciliation, the Nordea Group has been 
subject to the resolution powers of the SRB as from 1 October 2018. 
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
similar to those of the national resolution authorities under the BRRD. These specific resolution powers 
include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in tool and the 
mandatory write-down and conversion power in respect of capital instruments and eligible liabilities. The 
use of one or more of these tools will be included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the SRB. National 
resolution authorities will remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the 
instructions of the SRB. 
The SRB will prepare and adopt a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, including the Nordea 
Group. It will also determine, after consulting competent authorities including the ECB, a minimum MREL 
requirement which the Nordea Group is expected to be required to meet at all times. The SRB will also 
have the powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require 
the Nordea Group to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the Nordea Group. 
These will be launched if the SRB assesses that the following conditions are met: (i) the Nordea Group is 
failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the write-down or 
conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the Nordea Group, would prevent its failure 
within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of resolution powers by the SRB with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise 
will likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Instruments and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Instruments and could lead to the holders of the Instruments 
losing some or all of their investment in the Instruments. 
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, such as the Nordea Group, operate under a 
comprehensive regulatory regime and are subject to extensive regulatory supervision, with recently 
heightened scrutiny by supervisory authorities of the regulatory compliance by such companies. This 
regulatory environment makes the Nordea Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation risks. In the 
ordinary course of its business, the Nordea Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The 
Nordea Group carries out operations through a number of legal entities in a number of jurisdictions and is 
subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money 
laundering, economic and financial sanctions, payments, consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting 
and corporate governance, in such jurisdictions. Regulations and regulatory requirements are also 
continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the Nordea Group. There can be no assurances 
that breaches of regulations by the Nordea Group have not occurred in the past or will not occur in the 
future or that such breaches would not result in significant liability, penalties or other negative financial 
consequences. 
The Nordea Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in 
jurisdictions where it is active. For example, in June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority 
investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S with applicable anti-money laundering 
regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further handling and possible sanctions. The 
Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in anti-money laundering processes and, 
consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing anti-money laundering related matters 
in 2019. The Nordea Group is also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. 
These types of claims, disputes, legal proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can be difficult 
to predict, expose the Nordea Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial losses, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of 
reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well as the potential for regulatory 
restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions against the Nordea Group 
or adverse judgments in litigation to which the Nordea Group is party could result in restrictions or 
limitations on the Nordea Group's operations or result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 22 - 
70-41006567 
 
The Nordea Group is exposed to risk of changes in tax legislation, including increases in tax rates. 
The Nordea Group's activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance 
with local legislation and practice. The Nordea Group's business, including intra-group transactions, is 
conducted in accordance with the Nordea Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations 
and instructions from the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties, 
court tax practice and tax authority administrative practice may change over time. Any future legislative 
changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and other jurisdictions where the Nordea Group is active 
may impair the tax position of the Nordea Group. 
For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD") and Directive (EU) 2017/952 
amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD II") may require Member States to amend their tax 
legislation or taxation practices and to implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the 
right to deduct interest expense and controlled foreign company rules as well as rules as regards to hybrid 
mismatches. Finland has, for example, inacted a new law on hybrid mismatches and as of 2022, Finland 
must comply with ATAD II rules on reverse hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to ATAD or ATAD II 
and other possible future amendments could increase the Nordea Group's tax burden. 
The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations. 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum on the United Kingdom's continuing membership 
of the EU, the outcome of which was a decision for the U.K. to leave the EU ("Brexit"). On 29 March 
2017, the UK Government formally notified the EU under Article 50 of the United Kingdom's intention to 
leave the EU. This notification began the process of negotiation that will likely determine the future terms 
of the United Kingdom's relationship with the EU. On 17 October 2019 the EU leaders agreed to a revised 
withdrawal agreement which was approved by the UK Parliament. The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 
January 2020 subject to a limited transitional arrangement which ends on 31 December 2020. Negotiations 
around the United Kingdom's future relationship with the EU will continue throughout the transition period 
and as such there will continue to be uncertainty around the future relationship between the U.K. and the 
EU. Until the Brexit negotiation process and transition period is completed, it is difficult to anticipate the 
potential impact on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. The 
uncertainty during and after the period of negotiation and transition is also expected to increase market 
volatility and may have an economic impact on the countries in which the Nordea Group operates, 
particularly in the U.K. and euro-zone. It is still too early to judge the impact of Brexit as it is unclear as to 
the trading relationships, if any, the U.K. will be able to negotiate with the EU and other significant trading 
partners. 
Although the Nordea Group conducts a limited proportion of its business through its London branch, and 
is in the process of obtaining necessary regulatory permissions to continue its regulated activities both 
inside and outside the U.K, the Nordea Group performs certain services into or in the U.K. on a cross-
border basis in reliance on passported permissions granted by other European jurisdictions. The Nordea 
Group cannot be certain that it will be able to continue relying on these cross-border permissions following 
conclusion of the Brexit process, or that it will be able to secure any additional licences or permissions that 
may be required in order to continue its existing business. Furthermore, the Nordea Group transacts with 
various U.K.-based counterparties that may, as a result of Brexit, decide to move all or part of their business 
from the U.K. to an EU Member State. Any consequent restructuring of the Nordea Group's business 
relationships with such counterparties could entail additional administration and other costs. The Nordea 
Group also has derivative contracts cleared through LCH Limited ("LCH") in London, and, despite 
supportive official statements being published by certain EU bodies such as LCH, ESMA and the European 
Council, it is not yet certain that Nordea Group entities will be permitted to continue to clear transactions 
through LCH once the U.K. withdraws from the EU. LCH may lose its status as an approved central 
counterparty ("CCP") under Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended (the European Markets 
Infrastructure Regulation or EMIR), which could cause significant market disruption and operational risks 
for entities with derivatives cleared through LCH and other U.K. CCPs, including the Nordea Group. For 
example, any consequent migration of legacy transactions to an alternative CCP could be costly and 
operationally challenging and, even if legacy transactions could be maintained at LCH, clearing derivatives 
on multiple CCPs could increase costs for the Nordea Group. 
In addition, any deterioration in market access or trading terms including customs duties, taxes or other 
tariffs that constitute real cost, delay or restrictions to the provision of services and increased administration 
may materially adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 23 - 
70-41006567 
 
Brexit may also have an impact on English law-governed MREL or regulatory capital issuances, as there 
is currently uncertainty as to whether EU resolution authorities would be satisfied that any write-down or 
bail-in by such resolution authorities of these instruments would be recognised by the English courts for 
the purposes of Article 55 of the BRRD (regarding contractual recognition of bail-in) and/or SRB or 
national policy. Therefore, it is not yet possible to predict any consequent impact on any outstanding 
English law-governed MREL or regulatory capital issuance by Nordea. 
Changes in the Nordea Group's accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect 
how it reports its financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB"), the EU and other regulatory 
bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Nordea 
Group's financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the 
Nordea Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition. In some cases, the 
Nordea Group could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in restating 
prior period financial statements or adjusting the opening balances. 
G. 
Risks Relating to the Instruments 
There is no active trading market for the Instruments. 
The Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Instruments which is already 
issued). If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing prices for the Underlying Asset(s), the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications 
may be made for Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on its Regulated Market, or for Instruments to be admitted to listing and trading by such 
other listing authority, stock exchange, market and/or multilateral trading facility as may be specified in the 
Final Terms, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of 
Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Instruments. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may elect to issue unlisted Instruments, in which case there may be not be an active 
trading market for such Instruments. While Nordea may offer to buy-back such Instruments prior to their 
maturity date under normal market conditions, the price at which such Instruments are bought back (if at 
all) will depend upon a number of factors (including the factors described in this Base Prospectus). In case 
of unstable market conditions, Nordea may suspend any buy-back of Instruments, in which case the relevant 
investor may be unable to sell the relevant Instruments until they are redeemed. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, act as Market Maker (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
thereupon, in normal circumstances, quote buy and sell rates for the Instruments at levels decided upon by 
the Issuer from time to time. The Issuer does not accept any legal obligation vis-à-vis Instrumentholders to 
quote such prices and/or to ensure that the prices it quotes are appropriate, nor is it under any obligation to 
provide market-making over the entire term of the Instruments. The prices quoted by the Issuer as Market 
Maker normally differ from the prices that would be determined in the absence of such market-making in 
a liquid market, and in acting as Market Maker the Issuer does not have any fiduciary or other obligation 
to act in the best interests of Instrumentholders. Potential investors should be aware that by making the 
market, the Issuer will to a large extent determine the price of the Instruments (and potentially of the 
underlying), and may therefore influence the price of the Instruments. 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity 
The Instruments may be redeemed before their scheduled maturity in some circumstances, including (but 
not limited to) the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event and/or upon the termination of the Nordnet 
Agreement or other distribution agreements between the Issuer and one or more third parties or the 
occurrence of a Stop Loss Event in respect of certain Instruments, which may be unpredictable and outside 
the control of the holders. Early redemption may result in holders of Instruments receiving a lower return 
on investment and in some circumstances may result in a loss of part or all of their investment. Early 
redemption may have tax consequences for holders of Instruments.

--- Page 24 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 24 - 
70-41006567 
 
The Instruments rank junior to preferred deposits in the insolvency hierarchy. 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation establish a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for 
insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. In addition, the new deposit guarantee 
scheme directive, which has been implemented into national law and entered into force in Finland on 1 
January 2015, increased the volume of deposits that are insured (and thus preferred) to include a wide range 
of deposits, including all corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public sector body or financial 
institution) and some temporary high value deposits. Therefore, these preferred deposits will rank ahead of 
all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the holders of Instruments, in the insolvency hierarchy. 
However, the non-insured amounts of deposits of large corporations with over EUR 50 million turnover 
rank pari passu with other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer. Furthermore, insured deposits are 
excluded from the scope of the bail-in powers. 
The Instruments may not be freely transferred. 
The Issuer has not registered, nor will it register, the Instruments under the Securities Act or any other 
securities laws. Accordingly, the Instruments are subject to certain restrictions on resale and other transfer 
thereof as set forth in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale". As a result of these restrictions, the Issuer 
cannot be certain of the existence of a secondary market for the Instruments or the liquidity of such a market 
if one develops. Consequently, a Holder of Instruments and an owner of beneficial interests in those 
Instruments must be able to bear the economic risk of their investment in the Instruments for the terms of 
the Instruments. 
Cancelled or scaled down issue 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel all or part of an offer of Instruments prior to the end of the relevant 
Offer Period upon the occurrence of certain circumstances, e.g. where the subscribed amount does not reach 
certain levels or where variables such as participation ratios cannot be determined at a certain level. The 
Issuer also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel an issue upon the occurrence of economic, 
financial or political events which may jeopardise a successful issue of Instruments. In such circumstances, 
the investor may not be able to reinvest their funds in an instrument offering comparable returns. 
The Instruments are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will make payments on the Instruments in a specified currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Instruments; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Instruments; 
and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Instruments. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Instrumentholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Instruments issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer and the market value 
of any Instruments will be dependent upon the creditworthiness of the Issuer. A holder's ability to receive 
payment under the Instruments is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which 
in turn is dependent upon the development of the Issuer's business. 
In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the holders of Instruments will have an unsecured claim against the 
Issuer. In such a case, an investor will accordingly risk losing some or all of its investment in the 
Instruments.

--- Page 25 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 25 - 
70-41006567 
 
The Conditions of the Instruments may be changed. 
The Conditions applicable to each Series will be determined by the Issuer at or prior to the time of issuance 
of such Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Conditions applicable to each Series 
will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, subject to being completed by the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to each Series. 
The Issuer has the right to correct manifest errors in the Conditions without the Instrument Holders' consent 
and to make any amendment which the Issuer does not consider to be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of Holders. The Issuer may also change the listing venue or stock exchange where the Instruments are 
admitted to listing and/or trading, or the clearing system or central securities depository through which the 
Instruments are cleared or settled without the consent of Holders. Any such amendment will be notified to 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) which may be via the website of the stock exchange 
where the relevant Instruments are listed or the website of the Issuer. 
Payments under the Instruments may be subject to U.S. withholding under the U.S. Tax Code 
As discussed in more detail under "Taxation — United States Taxation — Possible United States 
Withholding Tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code", U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, require withholding of up to 30 per cent. 
(depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments 
made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent 
upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends.  
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on 
the Instruments, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) 
and the applicable regulations to the Instruments. 
H. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to the Instruments 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Instruments including in a manner which may result in Holders of the Instruments losing all or a part 
of the value of their investment in the Instruments or receiving a different security than the Instruments. 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide authorities with 
common tools and powers to address banking crises pre emptively in order to safeguard financial stability 
and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses. The BRRD was implemented in Finland on 1 January 2015. 
The BRRD has been amended in the banking package (as described in "The Nordea Group— Capital 
Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations") that was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and 
the majority of amendments will take effect 18 months after that date. 
The Nordea Group is also subject to the SRM Regulation which gives specific powers to the SRB to 
exercise resolution powers similar to those under the BRRD, see "— Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates —The supervision of the Nordea Group 
was recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism". 
The powers granted to the authorities designated by EU Member States to apply the resolution tools and 
exercise the resolution powers set forth in the BRRD ("resolution authorities") include the introduction 
of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" with respect to capital instruments and a "bail-in power", 
which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount 
of, or interest on, certain other eligible liabilities (which could include the Instruments), whether 
unsubordinated or subordinated, of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims 
(which could include the Instruments) into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving 
group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities 
to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully 
absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other 
resolution action is taken. The BRRD specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied,

--- Page 26 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 26 - 
70-41006567 
 
reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims 
in an ordinary insolvency.  
The Instruments could be subject to the bail-in power. The determination that all or a part of the principal 
amount of the Instruments will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may be outside of the Nordea Group's control. The application of the bail-in 
tool with respect to the Instruments, may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount 
of, or interest on, the Instruments and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Instruments into ordinary shares or other 
securities of Nordea or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Instruments to 
give effect to such application of the bail-in tool. Accordingly, potential investors in the Instruments should 
consider the risk that the bail-in tool may be applied in such a manner as to result in holders of the 
Instruments losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Instruments or receiving a different 
security than the Instruments, which may be worth significantly less than the Instruments and which may 
have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the 
resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-in tool without providing any advance notice 
to the holders of the Instruments. Holders of the Instruments may also have limited or no rights to challenge 
any decision of the resolution authority to exercise the bail-in power or to have that decision reviewed by 
a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The bail-in power contains a specific safeguard ("NCWOL") with the aim that shareholders and creditors 
do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in ordinary insolvency 
proceedings. However, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 
NCWOL safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it 
is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Holders in the 
resolution and there can be no assurances that Holders would recover such compensation promptly. 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides 
resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to 
distressed banks, which may include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying 
with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of 
the bank to a "bridge institution" (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) transferring all or part of the assets of 
the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be 
managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use 
of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion 
powers. 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise will likely 
materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Instruments and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under such Instruments and could lead to the holders of the Instruments losing 
some or all of their investment in the Instruments. Prospective investors in the Instruments should consult 
their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the 
Instruments. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Instruments in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of 
the Instruments. The Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Instruments are governed by English law, Finnish Law, Swedish Law, Norwegian Law or Danish Law 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) except that (i) the registration of VP Instruments in the VP which 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law; (ii) the registration of VPS Instruments 
in Euronext VPS which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law; (iii) the 
registration of Finnish Instruments in Euroclear Finland will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Finnish Law; and (iv) the registration of Swedish Instruments in the Euroclear Sweden Register which 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law.

--- Page 27 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 27 - 
70-41006567 
 
There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Instruments or the interpretation thereof. Such 
changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Instruments, which 
may have an adverse effect on the Instruments. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect 
an investor's ability to accurately value the Instruments and, therefore, affect the trading price of the 
Instruments given the extent and impact on the Instruments that one or more regulatory or legislative 
changes, including those described above, could have on the Instruments. 
The Rome II Regulation (864/2007), which sets out a series of rules to be applied by the courts of EU 
Member States (other than Denmark) for the purposes of determining the governing law of non-contractual 
obligations between parties in most civil and commercial matters does not apply in Norway or Denmark 
and therefore may not apply to Norwegian or Danish investors. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and 
financial condition. 
Extraordinary Events affecting the Instruments 
In relation to the Instruments, it should be noted that any change in applicable laws or regulations or changes 
in the application thereof as well as specific events such as a moratorium, currency restriction, embargo, 
blockade or boycott of a central bank, the Finnish government or other sovereign such as the United Nations 
or the European Union, may result in (i) a substitution of Underlying Assets, (ii) a change in a method for 
calculation of certain amounts under the Instrument, (iii) that certain amounts are calculated at an earlier 
date and/or (iv) other amendments to the Conditions. Such events may therefore adversely affect the 
amounts that are payable to the investors under an Instrument, as well as the timing of payments. 
In the event that a change in laws or regulations or decisions by public authorities (or in the application 
thereof), or any other circumstance not directly related to a downgrading of the Issuer's credit ratings, would 
(in the opinion of the Issuer) result in an increase in certain costs related to Instruments or increased costs 
for the Issuer's risk management in relation to Instruments, such event may entitle the Issuer to (i) substitute 
Underlying Assets, (ii) change a method for calculation of certain amounts under the Instrument, (iii) 
calculate certain amounts at an earlier date and/or (iv) otherwise amend the Conditions. 
Risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU. 
As the Instruments may be subject to the jurisdiction of English courts, if no new reciprocal agreement on 
civil justice is agreed between the United Kingdom and the remaining members of the EU, there will also 
be a period of uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland as the current 
regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies between the United 
Kingdom and EU Member States, that is, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) would cease to apply to the United 
Kingdom (and to U.K. judgments). Further, the United Kingdom would no longer be a party to the Lugano 
Convention under which judgments from the courts of contracting states (currently the EU Member States, 
plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised and enforced in other contracting states. 
In its White Paper from July 2018, the U.K. Government stated that it will seek to participate in the Lugano 
Convention on leaving the EU, which would mean English judgments would continue to be recognised and 
enforced in Finland and other contracting states (and the U.K. Parliament has commenced the national 
scrutiny process necessary for the Convention to enter force, although the U.K.'s participation is subject to 
agreement with the existing members). In the same White Paper, the U.K. Government also stated that it 
will seek a new bilateral agreement with the EU27 concerning cooperation in the area of civil justice 
including arrangements for the continued mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments. There can, 
however, be no assurances as to whether any such agreement will be entered into or as to the terms of any 
final agreement and, as a result, it is possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a UK court may 
not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but will be of 
persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other 
public authorities in Finland).

--- Page 28 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 28 - 
70-41006567 
 
J. 
Risks relating to the form and mechanics of the Instruments 
Total cost 
Costs are incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Instruments due to, among other 
things, production, distribution, licences, hedging costs, exchange listing and risk management. In order to 
cover these costs, the Issuer charges production fees. Such fees and commissions may be factored into the 
issue price or other terms of the Instruments (including through the setting of certain economic terms of the 
Instruments, e.g. the Financing Level or Strike Level) or may be charged separately. The amount of the 
commission may vary and is affected by the fluctuations in the price of the financial instruments included 
in the product. 
Investors should be aware that market participants have varying possibilities to influence the price of the 
financial instruments underlying an Instrument. The pricing of the Instruments is normally not made on the 
basis of negotiated terms but rather it is decided by the Issuer. Hence, there may be a conflict of interest 
between the Issuer and the investors, to the extent the Issuer is able to influence pricing and has a possibility 
to make a gain or to avoid a loss in relation to underlying Assets, and the Issuer does not have any fiduciary 
or other obligation to act in the best interests of Instrumentholders. The transparency relating to the pricing 
of the Instruments may be limited. 
Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Instruments, including 
purchasing the Underlying Asset(s) or components of the Underlying Asset(s), but will not be obliged to 
do so. Certain of the Issuer's affiliates may also purchase and sell the Underlying Asset(s) and/or component 
of the Underlying Asset on a regular basis as part of their securities businesses. Any of these activities could 
potentially affect the value or level of the Underlying Asset and, accordingly, the value of the Instruments. 
In addition, the disruption of such hedging arrangements or material increase in cost of such hedging 
arrangements may lead to an early redemption of the Instruments in whole (but not in part) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines that there has been a change in any market standard terms or market trading 
conventions which affect any hedging transaction entered into by the Issuer or another member of the 
Nordea Group in order to hedge the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Instruments, the Issuer reserves 
the right (without the consent of Instrumentholders) to amend the corresponding provisions of the 
Conditions in order to preserve consistency with the relevant hedging transaction. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may also purchase and sell the Underlying Asset(s), and/or components of 
the Underlying Assets on a regular basis as part of their securities businesses. Any of these activities could 
potentially affect the value or level of the Underlying Asset(s) and in turn the value of the Instruments. 
The Issuer and/or its affiliates may from time to time advise the issuer of or obligors in respect of an 
Underlying Asset or any component of an Underlying Asset regarding transactions to be entered into by 
them, or engage in transactions involving any Underlying Asset for its proprietary account and for other 
accounts under its management. Any such transactions may have a positive or negative effect on the value 
of such Underlying Asset, the value or level of such Underlying Asset and therefore on the value of the 
Instruments. 
Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Issuer and the interests of 
holders of Instruments. 
Index disclaimer 
Index-Linked Instruments are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any index to which they are 
indirectly linked or any sponsor of such index and such index sponsor has made no representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any index 
and/or the levels at which such index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No 
index sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in any index 
and an index sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error within an index. An index 
sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of

--- Page 29 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 29 - 
70-41006567 
 
purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with such Instruments. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation 
Agent shall have any liability to any person for any act or failure to act by an index sponsor in connection 
with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of an index. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
has any affiliation with or control over any index or index sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of any index. Although the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning an index to which the Instruments are linked from publicly available sources they 
believe to be reliable, they will not independently verify this information. 
Because the Global Instruments are held by or on behalf of clearing systems, investors will have to rely 
on the relevant clearing system's procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Instruments. Such 
Global Instruments will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Instrument, investors will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Instruments. The relevant clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the Global Instruments. While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global 
Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
system(s). 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments, the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the common depositary for the relevant 
clearing system(s) or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Instrument must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) to receive 
payments under the relevant Instruments. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Instruments. Holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Instruments will not have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent the relevant 
clearing systems are do not pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments will not have a direct right to take enforcement 
action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Instruments but will have to rely upon 
their rights under the Deed of Covenant.  
Investors may have to rely on the VP's, Euronext VPS's, Euroclear Finland's or Euroclear Sweden's 
procedures (as the case may be) for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Investors in VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments will have to 
rely on the relevant clearing system's or the relevant Issuing Agent's, as the case may be, procedures for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments issued under the 
Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account 
made by the VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Ownership 
of VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments will be recorded and 
transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VP, Euronext VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations in respect of the Instruments by making payments directly 
to the relevant clearing system. Investors in VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Finnish Instruments or 
Swedish Instruments will not have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent that the VP, Euronext VPS, 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be, are do not  pass on any payments made to them 
by the Issuer. 
K. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Instruments 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market 
for, value of and return on, Instruments based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent international, national 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while

--- Page 30 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 30 - 
70-41006567 
 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from 
the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU 
(which includes, for these purposes, the United Kingdom). Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the 
Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Instruments linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017 the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 
12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
(or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has 
been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is 
established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
In November 2014, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") to identify a set of 
alternative reference interest rates for financial instruments and contracts referencing US Dollar LIBOR. 
On 22 June 2017, the ARRC announced Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its recommended 
alternative reference rate to US Dollar LIBOR. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019 and the EONIA rate as been reformed to reflect a fixed spread to €STR. Although EURIBOR 
has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark.   
The Copenhagen, Norwegian and Stockholm interbank offered rates are also in the process of reform to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, and it is uncertain how long they will continue 
in their current forms or whether they will be replaced with risk free rates or other alternative benchmarks. 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant interest rate or benchmark has ceased to be published, or considers 
that there may be a Successor Rate (as defined in the Conditions) then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to determine a Successor Rate or an alternative benchmark rate (the "Alternative Benchmark 
Rate") and (in either case) an adjustment spread, if applicable (as further described in Condition 9(h) 
(Benchmark Cessation)). If it has been determined that the relevant interest rate or benchmark has ceased 
to be published, but (i) the Issuer is unable to select the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, and

--- Page 31 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 31 - 
70-41006567 
 
(ii) the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Instruments. 
The Issuer may take steps to identify a Successor Rate even though the existing reference rate continues to 
be published and regardless of whether a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the existing reference 
rate. Should the Issuer determine a Successor Rate, the Successor Rate will be used to determine the 
payments applicable to the Instruments of that Series in place of the existing reference rate. If the Issuer is 
unable to select a Successor Rate, then the existing reference rate will continue to be used, unless a 
Benchmark Event has also occurred, in which case the further fallbacks set out in the Conditions will apply, 
which may include the early redemption of the Instruments. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in payments that are substantially 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the 
Instruments if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, the Issuer may 
have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of 
interest. In addition, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Instruments may result in the 
Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would 
do if the Base Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Instruments linked to such benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to the Instruments linked to or referencing a 
benchmark.  
Risks relating to variable rate Instruments with a multiplier or other leverage factor. 
Instruments with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for Instruments that do not 
include those features. 
Risks relating to inverse floating rate Instruments. 
Inverse floating rate Instruments have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate, such as LIBOR. The market values of such Instruments typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse floating rate Instruments are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Instruments, but may also reflect an increase in 
prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Instruments. 
Risks relating to Range Accrual Instruments. 
Range Accrual Instruments provide for interest to be paid either (i) on interest payment dates occurring at 
regular intervals throughout the life of the Instruments; or (ii) in a single amount at maturity. 
The amount of interest that an investor in the Instruments receives is linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Asset(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and on how many actual days during the relevant 
Interest Period or Valuation Period the level or value of the Underlying Asset(s) remains within a certain 
range, (the upper and lower limit of which is specified in the relevant Final Terms). If the level or value of 
the Underlying Asset(s) is below the lower limit or higher than the upper limit on some or all of the days 
in an Interest Period or Valuation Period, the investor may receive low or even zero interest payments, 
respectively, for the relevant Interest Period. Holders should note that no interest accrues on days when the 
level or value of the Underlying Asset(s) is outside of the range specified. The rate at which interest accrues 
may be a fixed rate, floating rate or other rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest payable on the 
Instruments is therefore also linked to the volatility of the level or value of the Underlying Asset(s). Range 
Accrual Instruments may not be suitable for investors who require regular income payments.

--- Page 32 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 32 - 
70-41006567 
 
K. 
Risks relating to particular Underlying Assets 
Risks relating to the performance of the Underlying Asset(s) 
With structured Instruments (for example, equity-linked Instruments, currency-linked Instruments, fund- 
linked Instruments, commodity-linked Instruments and other possible structures) the yield, and sometimes 
also the payment of the Settlement Amount, depends on the performance of one or more Underlying Assets, 
such as equities, indices, interest rates, currencies, fund units, commodities or baskets thereof, or 
combinations or the relationship between assets. If the repayment of part of or an invested amount is linked 
to the performance of Underlying Assets, the investor may risk losing the entire invested amount. The value 
of an Instrument will be affected by the value of the Underlying Asset. The valuations of the Underlying 
Asset may take place both during the term and on or about the relevant maturity date and the performance 
may be positive or negative for the holder. The Holder's right to yield, and where applicable repayment, 
thus depends on the performance of the Underlying Asset and applicable performance structure. The value 
of an Instrument may, in addition to changes in the price of the Underlying Asset, be determined by the 
intensity of the price fluctuations of the Underlying Asset (commonly referred to as volatility), expectations 
regarding future volatility, market interest rates and expected dividends or other distributions on the 
Underlying Asset. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Instruments may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no return or yield; 
(c) 
payment may occur at a different time; 
(d) 
the amount payable at redemption may be less than the amount originally invested in such 
Instruments or even zero; 
(e) 
the Underlying Asset may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
where the Instrument is designed to provide a return in a declining market (a put warrant or Bear 
Certificate) an increase in the value of the Underlying Asset may generate a decrease in the value 
of the Instrument; 
(g) 
if the performance of the Instruments contains a multiplier greater than one (or minus one) or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Underlying Asset on amounts 
payable in respect of the Instruments is likely to be magnified; and 
(h) 
the timing of changes in the value of one or more Underlying Asset may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the value of one or more Underlying Asset, the greater the effect on yield. 
Further, Holders and prospective purchasers of such Instruments should ensure that they understand the 
nature of such Instruments and the extent of their exposure to risk and that they consider the suitability of 
such Instruments as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. A small 
movement in the value of one or more Underlying Asset may result in a significant change in the value of 
such Instruments. Holders, and prospective purchasers of such Instruments, should form their own views 
of the merits of an investment based upon such investigations. 
No ownership rights 
An investment in the Instruments is not the same as an investment in the Underlying Asset(s) and does not 
confer any legal or beneficial interest in the Underlying Asset(s) or any component of the Underlying 
Asset(s) or any voting rights, rights to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the Underlying 
Asset(s) or any component of the Underlying Asset(s) would have. The Instruments are unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. No security has been taken in respect of the Underlying Asset(s) 
or any component of the Underlying Asset(s). In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the holders of 
Instruments will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer. In such a case, an investor will accordingly

--- Page 33 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 33 - 
70-41006567 
 
risk losing some or all of its investment in the Instruments. See "Instrumentholders are subject to credit 
risk on the Issuer". 
Risks associated with Baskets comprising various constituents as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Exposure to performance of basket and its underlying constituents 
Where the Instruments reference one or more basket(s) of assets as Underlying Assets, the 
investors in such Instruments are exposed to the performance of such basket(s). The investors will 
bear the risk of the performance of each of the basket constituents. 
(b) 
A high correlation of basket constituents may have a significant effect on amounts payable 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual 
basket constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents 
originate from the same sector and the same country, a high positive correlation may generally be 
assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation: investors 
should be aware that, though basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past 
performance, it may be that they suffer the same adverse performance following a general 
downturn or other economic or political event. Where the basket constituents are subject to high 
correlation, any move in the performance of the basket constituents will exaggerate the 
performance of the Instruments. 
(c) 
The negative performance of a single basket constituent, or a single basket in multiple-basket 
structures, may outweigh a positive performance of one or more other basket constituents or 
baskets 
Investors in Instruments must be aware that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or 
more basket constituents, or a single basket in multiple-basket structures, the performance of the 
basket or the Instruments as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other basket 
constituents or other baskets is negative to a greater extent, subject to the terms and conditions of 
the relevant Instruments. 
(d) 
A small basket, an unequally weighted basket will generally leave the basket more vulnerable to 
changes in the value of any particular basket constituent 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, be more affected by changes in the 
value of any particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a greater 
number of basket constituents. 
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents or bases the 
level of the entire basket only on the value of one of the basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, be more affected by changes in the value 
of any such particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal 
weight to each basket constituent. 
(e) 
A change in composition of one or more basket(s) may have an adverse effect on Basket Return 
Where the Instruments grant the Issuer or the Calculation Agent the right, in certain circumstances, 
to adjust the composition of the basket, investors should be aware that any replacement basket 
constituent may perform differently from the anticipated performance of the original basket 
constituent, which may have an adverse effect on the performance of the basket. 
Risk relating to limited information in relation to certain Underlying Assets 
In relation to certain Underlying Assets, for example, certain hedge funds or indices composed of hedge 
funds, there is limited access to information since, among other things, the official closing price of some of 
these Underlying Assets is published less frequently. The composition of certain indices and funds may be 
confidential for strategic reasons. Other factors limiting transparency in relation to such Underlying Assets 
may be that the Underlying Asset is not subject to continuous trading, that valuation models for 
determination of the value of the Underlying Assets are not reported to the investors and those underlying

--- Page 34 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 34 - 
70-41006567 
 
factors which affect the value of the Underlying Asset are not public. As a result, it may be difficult for 
investors to assess the value of the Underlying Assets and therefore the value of an investment in the 
Instruments. 
Currency fluctuations 
Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative rates 
of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of payments between countries, the extent of any governmental 
surplus or deficit and the monetary, fiscal and/or trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant 
currencies. Currency fluctuations may affect the value or level of the Underlying Assets in complex ways. 
If such currency fluctuations cause the value or level of the Underlying Assets to vary, the value or level of 
the Instruments may fall. If the value or level of one or more Underlying Asset(s) is denominated in a 
currency that is different from the currency of the Instruments, investors in the Instruments may also be 
subject to increased foreign exchange risk and may suffer significant losses even if the value of the 
Underlying Asset in its currency of denomination is at or above its original level. Previous foreign exchange 
rates are not necessarily indicative of future foreign exchange rates. 
Risks relating to market disruption and extraordinary events 
Market disruption can occur, for example, if the trading in Underlying Assets or any yield or financing 
component is suspended or an official price for some reason is not listed, for example upon the 
discontinuation of a published rate or index. In conjunction with market disruption, the value of Underlying 
Assets or any yield or financing component is determined at a different time than initially intended and, in 
certain cases, also by another method than initially intended. Certain Underlying Assets such as equities, 
equity baskets or fund units may be affected by extraordinary events such as delisting, nationalisation, 
bankruptcy, liquidation or the equivalent or a share split, new share issue, bonus issue, issuance of warrants 
or convertibles, reverse share split or buyback in respect of such equity or equity basket which constitutes 
an Underlying Asset. For all Instruments, events such as changes in the law or increased costs for risk 
management may arise. If so, the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and in accordance with Condition 11 
(Extraordinary Events) replace one Underlying Asset or yield or financing component with another 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component, or make adjustments to the calculation of the yield or 
value of the Instruments, to the extent that the Issuer deems necessary in order for the calculation of the 
yield or value of Instruments to, in the Issuer's opinion, reflect the manner in which yield or value was 
previously calculated. It may be that the Issuer believes that such adjustments cannot procure a fair result, 
in which case the Issuer may redeem the Instruments early and determine the Settlement Amount or the 
yield. See also - Condition 11 (Extraordinary Events), which sets out the rights of the Issuer to make any 
adjustments in an extraordinary event. 
Reading of values of Underlying Assets 
In certain yield structures, the initial price or the closing price is recorded on a number of occasions in order 
to calculate an average price. The aim is to minimise the risk of single extreme values greatly affecting the 
price. Investors should, however, appreciate the fact that the value on such recording occasions will affect 
the average price, entailing that the relevant price may be lower or higher than the actual price on the any 
specific day. In some Instruments however, the value is determined on the basis of a single valuation, hence, 
there is a risk that some extreme values could affect the initial price or the final price (as applicable). 
Risks associated with Equities as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of equities may adversely affect the value of the Instruments 
The performance of equities is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and 
distribution policy. 
(b) 
No claim against the issuer of the Underlying Assets or recourse to the Underlying Assets 
Equity linked Instruments do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of equity 
securities (an "Equity Issuer") to which they are linked and Instrumentholders will not have any 
right of recourse under the Instruments to any such company or the equities. The Instruments are 
not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Equity Issuer and such companies have

--- Page 35 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 35 - 
70-41006567 
 
no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions for any Instrumentholders. 
Accordingly, the issuer of an equity may take any actions in respect of such equity without regard 
to the interests of the investors in the Instruments, and any of these actions could adversely affect 
the market value of the Instruments. 
In the event of actions having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
underlying equity, or extraordinary events such as a merger or spin-off, the Issuer may make 
adjustments to the terms of the Instruments to reflect the occurrence of such event, and may 
recalculate the economic terms of the Instrument or adjust the underlying assets as deemed 
appropriate by the Issuer to preserve the theoretical value of the Instruments. 
In the case of Instruments relating to equities, no issuer of such equities will have participated in 
establishing the terms of the Instruments and neither Issuer will make any investigation or enquiry 
in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such issuer of 
equities contained in the relevant Final Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the 
relevant Issue Date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available documents described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect 
the trading price of the equities will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
issuer of equities could affect the trading price of the equities and therefore the trading price of the 
Instruments. 
Risks associated with Indices as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Instruments 
Indices comprise a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets and, as such, the performance of an 
Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or other components that 
comprise such Index, which may include interest rates and price levels on the capital markets, 
currency developments, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such 
as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
(b) 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the Instruments do not reflect direct investment in underlying 
equities or other items comprising the Index 
The return payable on Instruments that reference Indices may not reflect the return an investor 
would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant items comprising the components of the 
Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, Instrumentholders will not receive 
any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless 
the relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. 
Even if the rules of the relevant underlying Index provide that distributed dividends or other 
distributions of the components are reinvested in the Index and therefore result in raising its level, 
in some circumstances, the dividends or other distributions may not be fully reinvested in such 
Index. Similarly, Instrumentholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying equities or 
any other assets which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, investors 
in Instruments that reference Indices as Underlying Assets may receive a lower payment upon 
settlement or redemption of such Instruments than such investor would have received if he or she 
had invested in the components of the Index directly. 
(c) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value 
of the Instruments 
The sponsor or administrator of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such 
Index or make other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more 
components. The modification of components of any Index may affect the level of such Index, as 
a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it 
replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the investors in the 
Instruments. The sponsor or administrator of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of such Index, and may be obliged to do so in certain circumstances 
pursuant to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. The sponsor or administrator of an

--- Page 36 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 36 - 
70-41006567 
 
Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Instruments and will have no obligation 
to any investor in such Instruments. The sponsor or administrator of an Index may take any actions 
in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Instruments, and any 
of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Instruments. See "There are risks 
that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future —" above. 
(d) 
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices, see "—Risks associated with 
Commodities as Reference Items". 
(e) 
There are additional risks in relation to Credit Indices, see "—Risks associated with Credit Indices 
as Underlying Assets". 
(f) 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining 
indices portfolios or strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, 
"Proprietary Indices"). These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in 
accordance with rules which describe the methodology for determining the composition and the 
calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the "Rules"). 
In respect of Proprietary Indices to which Instruments are linked, the Issuer may face a conflict of 
interest between its obligations as the Issuer of such Instruments and its role (or the role of one or 
more of its affiliates) as the composer, promoter, designer or administrator of such indices, as the 
determination of the composition of such indices, any amendment, supplement or modification to 
the Rules, or any modification of certain parameters or the valuation of certain Component 
Securities, may have an impact on the price or value of the Instruments. 
The Issuer and any other Index Sponsor may, from time to time, exercise reasonable discretion as 
they deem appropriate in order to ensure the integrity of any Proprietary Index. They may also, in 
certain circumstances, apply discretionary adjustments to ensure and maintain the high quality of 
the index construction and calculation. The Issuer and its affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy 
or completeness of any Proprietary Index, or of the data used to calculate the Index or determine 
the Index components, or the uninterrupted or timely calculation or dissemination of any 
Proprietary Index. Moreover, the Issuer and its affiliates do not guarantee that any Index accurately 
reflects past, present, or future market performance. 
The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may also have banking or other commercial relationships with 
third parties in relation to a Proprietary Index, and may engage in trading in such index (including 
such trading as the Issuer and/or its affiliates deem appropriate in their sole and absolute discretion 
to hedge its market risk on any transactions that may relate to Proprietary Indices), which may 
adversely affect the level of such Index. 
If the hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with a particular index 
are disrupted, the Issuer or the relevant affiliate may also decide to terminate calculations in relation 
to such Index sooner than another index sponsor would in comparable circumstances. 
All of the above factors may result in consequences which may be adverse to Instrumentholders, 
and may have a detrimental impact on the price or value of the Instruments. The Issuer does not 
have any duty or obligation to create, operate or maintain Proprietary Indices in a manner that is 
intended to promote the best interests of Instrumentholders. 
Risks associated with Inflation Indices as Underlying Assets 
The performance structures may determine the interest and/or redemption amounts payable on the 
Instruments by reference to the level of an inflation index (an "Inflation Index") or a basket of inflation 
indices, either in the form of Inflation-Linked Instruments or through the use of Inflation Indices as 
Underlying Assets. 
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of 
Instruments relating to Inflation Indices, including: 
 
general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and/or events; and/or

--- Page 37 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 37 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources (including in 
response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or 
 
the level of inflation in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. 
In particular, the level of an Inflation Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial 
markets. 
Risks associated with Foreign Exchange Rates as Underlying Assets or as part of the Performance 
Structure 
Instruments may be denominated in one currency (the "Reference Currency") but payable in another 
currency (the "Currency"). The value of the Instruments could therefore be affected by fluctuations in the 
value of the Reference Currency as compared to the Currency (which may be calculated, where applicable, 
on a cross-currency basis). This presents certain risks that the exchange rate (or the exchange rates) used to 
determine the Currency amount of any payments in respect of the Instruments may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation or revaluation of the Currency as compared to the Reference 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over such currencies could cause a decrease in (1) 
the Currency equivalent yield on the Instruments, (2) the Currency equivalent value of the amount payable 
in respect of the relevant Instruments and (3) the Currency equivalent market value of the Instruments. 
Therefore, there is a possibility that the Currency value of the Instruments at the time of any sale or 
redemption, cancellation or exercise, as the case may be, of the Instruments may be below the value of the 
investor's original investment in the Instruments, depending on the exchange rate at the time of any such 
sale or redemption, cancellation or exercise, as the case may be. 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant foreign exchange rate may adversely affect the 
value of the Instruments 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Instruments are linked will affect the nature and value 
of the investment return on the Instruments. The performance of foreign exchange rates is 
dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange 
markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, 
interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international 
political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures 
include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency 
to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the 
exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability 
of a specified currency. 
(b) 
Nordea is a major foreign exchange dealer and is subject to conflicts of interest 
Investors should note that certain members of the Nordea Group are regular participants in the 
foreign exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may affect transactions for 
their own account or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in 
currencies and related derivatives, including in the currencies that constitute Underlying Assets in 
relation to the Instruments. Such transactions may affect the relevant Underlying Assets, the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Instruments and could be adverse to the interests of 
Instrumentholders. No members of the Nordea Group has any duty to enter into such transactions 
in a manner which is favourable to Instrument Holders. 
(c) 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
Currency-linked Instruments linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater 
volatility and less certainty as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate 
of exchange as against other currencies.

--- Page 38 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 38 - 
70-41006567 
 
Risks associated with Commodities as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of commodities may adversely affect the value of the Instruments; 
commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities is speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices are 
affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable, including, for example, changes in supply 
and demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, governmental 
programmes and policies, national and international political, military, terrorist and economic 
events, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programmes, changes in interest and exchange rates 
and changes and suspensions or disruptions of market trading activities in commodities and related 
contracts. Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes, making investments in 
commodities riskier than other investments. 
(b) 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain commodity 
contracts may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges 
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, 
and which are generally traded at a "Spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are 
agreements either to (A) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a 
predetermined price and delivery period (which may be referred to as a delivery month) or to (B) 
make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the underlying commodity. The 
costs of storage and transport of physical commodities may have a significant impact on both spot 
prices and commodity contracts at times of unexpectedly low demand for the underlying physical 
asset. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures 
contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-
the-counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, 
no substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be 
subject to the same provisions as, and the protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated 
specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity 
and price histories of the relevant contracts. 
(c) 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the Commodities may lead to an early redemption or 
cancellation 
Commodities are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change in ways that could affect 
the ability of the Issuer or any other member of the Nordea Group engaged in any underlying or 
hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Instruments to hedge 
the Issuer's obligations under the Instruments, and/or could lead to the early redemption or 
cancellation of the Instruments. 
Rolling of Commodity Indices 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity contracts 
on certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the respective 
commodities included in a commodity index will depend on the particular index, and is generally 
described in the relevant index rules of the index. 
Commodity indices apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an 
ongoing exposure to such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be 
rolled pursuant to the relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the 
commodity contract was liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) 
commodity contract for an equivalent exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described below 
with regard to "rolling" on the value of an Underlying Asset of the Instruments also apply with 
regard to the index level of a Commodity index. In particular, gains or losses on component 
commodity contracts may increase or decrease the investor's exposure  to the relevant commodity 
contract over time, which may have an adverse effect on the price or value of the index and 
therefore an investment in Instruments referencing that index.

--- Page 39 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 39 - 
70-41006567 
 
Risks associated with Futures Contracts as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Instruments which are linked to futures contracts may provide a different return than Instruments 
linked to the relevant underlying asset and will have certain other risks 
The price of a futures contract will generally be at a premium or at a discount to the spot price of 
the underlying asset. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to adjust the spot price 
due to related expenses (e.g. warehousing, transport and insurance costs) and (ii) different methods 
being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In addition, and 
depending on the asset, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and the 
futures markets. Accordingly, Instruments which are linked to futures contracts may provide a 
different return than Instruments directly linked to the relevant asset. 
Investments in futures contracts involve certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder 
of a futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain exchanges limit 
fluctuations in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily limits". Once the price of a particular 
futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the 
contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless holders are willing to effect trades at or within 
the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject 
it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various assets occasionally have exceeded the 
daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Any such losses in such 
circumstances could have a negative adverse effect on the return of any Instruments, the 
Underlying Asset for which is the affected futures contract. 
In the case of a direct investment in futures contracts, the invested capital may be applied in whole 
or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective counterparties under 
the futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase 
the return of the investor making such direct investment. However, holders of Instruments linked 
to the price of futures contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully 
collateralised investment in futures contracts. 
(b) 
Additional risks in relation to the "rolling" of futures contracts (including futures contracts which 
are components of an Index) 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date – i.e. a date on which trading of the futures 
contract ceases. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in delivery of the underlying 
asset or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the futures 
contracts means that the contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") 
are sold before they expire and futures contracts that have an expiration date further in the future 
(the "longer-dated futures contracts") are purchased. Investments in futures apply "rolling" of 
the component futures contracts in order to maintain an ongoing exposure to the relevant 
underlying assets. 
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in a number of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through "rolling" 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-
dated futures contract (the contract is said to be in "backwardation"), then "rolling" from 
the former to the latter will result in exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated 
contracts being taken. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given 
movement in the prices of the futures contract will be greater than if one had synthetically 
held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price 
of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract (the contract is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure to 
a smaller number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or 
loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will 
be less than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before 
the "roll".

--- Page 40 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 40 - 
70-41006567 
 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation), such may be 
expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect over time 
Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. 
In such event, rolling is generally expected to have a negative effect on an investment in 
the futures contract. Where a futures contract is in "backwardation", then the price of the 
longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) increase over 
time as it nears expiry. In such event, the investment in the relevant futures contract can 
generally be expected to be positively affected. 
Risks associated with Credit Indices as Underlying Assets 
(a) 
Correlation risk 
An investment in credit linked Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security. Such risks include exposure to the credit risk 
of the entities comprised in the relevant Index in addition to that of the Issuer. Depending on the 
manner in which the particular Index is linked to the credit of the component entities, a fall in the 
creditworthiness of a particular entity (or where perceptions worsen regarding the creditworthiness 
of a particular entity), may greatly reduce the market value of the related Instruments and any 
payments of principal or interest then due. Furthermore, a credit deterioration in one underlying 
company may be strongly correlated with credit deterioration of other underlying companies 
included in the Index, resulting in substantial decreases over a relatively short period of time in the 
market value of the related Instruments and any payments then due. 
(b) 
Loss of investment 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, 
Governmental Intervention or another Event of Default) in relation to one or more entities 
comprising an Index (a "Credit Event"), the Issuer's obligation to pay or perform other obligations 
under the Instruments may be reduced or extinguished. 
Potential investors in any such Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the 
Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest or yield and (ii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
(c) 
Credit Event Determination  
Under the terms and conditions of the credit linked Instruments it is the Issuer's responsibility to 
determine whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a particular Index component. 
The ISDA Credit Event Determinations Committee will not necessarily publish a determination in 
respect of every potential Credit Event, and therefore the Issuer may need to consult public 
information sources or use its own observations and judgment in determining whether and when a 
Credit Event may have occurred. Although the Issuer will endeavour to take reasonable care in 
making any such determination, it may be difficult to obtain information to support the occurrence 
of a Credit Event, and the Issuer has no fiduciary duty to act in the interests of Holders in making 
any such determination. The Issuer may also have exposure to the debt obligations of one or more 
Index components, and there may therefore be a conflict of interest between the Issuer's role in 
determining one or more Credit Events and the interests of Holders.    
(d) 
No need for Issuer to suffer loss with respect to any Index component 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of credit linked Instruments are irrespective of the existence or 
amount of the Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to an Index component and the Issuer 
and/or any affiliate need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event.

--- Page 41 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 41 - 
70-41006567 
 
(e) 
No information regarding Index component 
No investigation has been or will be made regarding any of the Index components. Prospective 
investors in credit linked Instruments should obtain and evaluate information regarding the Index 
components as if they were investing directly in the debt obligations of the Index components. In 
addition, investors should understand that the historical performance of any specific debt obligation 
or the debt obligations of such Index components generally is not predictive of future performance. 
As none of the Index components has participated in the preparation of this Base Prospectus, there 
can be no assurance that all material events or information regarding the Index components have 
been disclosed at the time the Instruments are issued. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or 
the failure to disclose material events concerning any of the Index components could affect the 
redemption amount payable on the Instruments or the general trading price of the Instruments, or 
affect the ability of the Issuer to determine whether or not a credit event has occurred in respect of 
a particular Index component. 
(f) 
Debt obligations may consist of subordinated debt 
Any debt obligations comprised in credit indices may include subordinated debt obligations. Such 
subordinated debt obligations will rank junior to, and the value of such subordinated debt 
obligations may be less than that of, senior obligations in respect of the same constituent entity, 
and the value of such subordinated debt obligations may even be zero in circumstances where a 
Credit Event has occurred. The Issuer is under no fiduciary duty to select constituent entities or 
deliverable assets of any particular value or that maximise value for Instrumentholders. 
Risks associated with Certificates 
For Bull Certificates (which give a positive return to the investor in the event of a positive performance of 
the Underlying Asset), if the Underlying Asset becomes worthless (for example, because the company 
which issued the underlying share has gone into bankruptcy), the Certificates are likely to become 
worthless. For Bear Certificates (which give a positive return to the investor in the event of a negative 
performance of the Underlying Asset), the opposite relationship applies. 
The value of a Certificate may also be affected by changes in exchange rates, if the Underlying Asset is 
denominated in a currency other than the Certificate's Currency. An investor in Certificates should note that 
the entire sum invested may be lost. During the term, the value of a Certificate is affected by changes in 
volatility, performance and dividends on the Underlying Asset. If the Certificate has a barrier, this may 
have the consequence that the amount that an investor is entitled to receive on redemption will be less than 
the invested amount or that the right to a specific return is lost. 
Instruments linked to the performance of funds 
The Issuer may issue Instruments where the Settlement Amount or, if applicable, the Interest Amount or 
Yield Amount is linked to the performance of a unit, share or other interest in a fund. Such funds may 
include mutual funds or any other types of fund in any jurisdiction, or any combination of the foregoing. 
Investments offering direct or indirect exposure to the performance of funds are generally considered to be 
particularly risky and may bear similar risks, including but not limited to, market risks to a direct investment 
in funds. 
Prospective investors should note that payments on redemption or termination of Fund-Linked Instruments 
at maturity, expiration, early redemption or early termination may be postponed, in accordance with the 
Conditions, up to a specified long stop date and if the specified long stop date is reached, for the purposes 
of determining the Settlement Amount or any other such redemption amounts, as applicable, the affected 
fund interest units or shares may be deemed to have a zero value. Prospective investors should also be 
aware that if one or more events occurs in relation to the Fund or any fund manager, including insolvency 
of the Fund or fund manager, then the Issuer, may in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether the 
Fund-Linked Instruments should be amended or should be redeemed or terminated early. If the Issuer 
determines that the Fund-Linked Instruments will continue, this may result in the substitution of the affected 
interests in the fund with other shares or interests with similar characteristics or adjustments to the 
Conditions of the Instruments to account for the occurrence of the relevant event. These actions may have 
an adverse effect on the return and risk profile of the relevant Fund-Linked Instruments, and consequently, 
the value of such Fund-Linked Instruments and if the Fund-Linked Instruments are redeemed or terminated

--- Page 42 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 42 - 
70-41006567 
 
early the amount investors receive may be considerably less than their original investment and may even 
be zero. 
The risks associated with investing in Fund-Linked Instruments are similar to the risks attached to a direct 
investment in the underlying fund or funds. There are substantial risks in directly or indirectly investing in 
funds including, without limitation, the risks set out below. Prospective investors should note that 
references to funds below can refer both to the funds referenced in any Fund-Linked Instruments and also 
to any funds in which any of those funds invests its assets from time to time: 
Investments risks that prospective investors should be aware of include the following: 
1. 
Different types of funds are subject to differing levels of regulatory supervision. 
2. 
Funds may have varying restrictions on leverage. Leverage presents the potential for a higher rate 
of return but also increases the volatility of the fund and increases the risk of a total loss of the 
amount invested. 
3. 
Funds may have differing investment restrictions and some funds may invest in assets which are 
illiquid or difficult to transfer. This may have an effect on the realisation of such assets and in turn, 
the value and performance of the fund. In addition, a fund's assets or investments may be 
concentrated in a few markets, countries, industries, commodities, sectors of an economy or issuers. 
If so, adverse movements in a particular market, country, industry, commodity, economy or 
industry or in the value of the securities of a particular issuer could have a severely negative effect 
on the value of such a fund. In addition, a fund may use a single advisor or employ a single strategy, 
which could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. 
4. 
Substantial redemptions by holders of interests in a fund within a short period of time could require 
the fund's investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) to liquidate positions more rapidly than would 
otherwise be desirable, which could adversely affect the value of the fund's assets. 
5. 
The performance of a fund will be heavily dependent on the performance of investments selected 
by its advisers or investment managers and the skill and expertise of such fund service providers 
in making successful and profitable investment decisions. Such skill and expertise may be 
concentrated in a number of the adviser's or investment manager's key personnel. Should these key 
personnel leave or become no longer associated with the fund's adviser or investment manager, the 
value or profitability of the fund's investments may be adversely affected as a result. 
M. 
Risks relating to certain performance features 
Risks related to the complexity of the product 
The yield structure for the Instruments is sometimes complex and may contain mathematical formulae or 
relationships which, for the investor, may be difficult to understand and compare with other investment 
alternatives. The relationship between yield and risk may be difficult to assess. As to the correlation 
between yield and risk it can generally be said that a relatively high yield most often is associated with 
relatively greater levels of risk. One way of increasing the probability of a higher yield is, for example, to 
include leverage effects in the yield structure which results in comparatively small changes in the 
performance of Underlying Assets that may have major effects for the value and yield on Instruments. Such 
a structure is generally also associated with a higher risk (see Risks relating to particular Underlying 
Assets). The past performance of corresponding investments is only a description of the historical 
performance of the investment and shall not to be regarded as an indication of future yield. Information 
regarding past performance is not available with respect to certain reference objects; for example, with 
respect to certain hedge funds. Investors should carefully consider which yield structure applies to the 
Instruments or Instruments in which the investor is investing in order to obtain an understanding of how 
the relevant Instruments operate in different scenarios and the risks an investment in the Instruments entails. 
Leverage Risks 
Due to the structure of Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets 
or Unlimited Turbos, the performance of the underlying asset impacts on the price of the Warrants, Turbo 
Warrants, Market Warrant, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos and may lead to larger 
profits or losses on invested capital than if the investment had been made directly in the underlying asset.

--- Page 43 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 43 - 
70-41006567 
 
This is normally expressed by saying that Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini 
Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos have a leverage effect compared with an investment in the underlying 
asset, i.e. a change in price (both upwards and downwards) for the underlying asset results, in percentage 
terms, in a greater change in the value of the Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, 
Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos. Leveraged structures offer a higher exposure to the Underlying 
Asset than the amount that the invested capital would otherwise allow. The leverage is often created by the 
application of a participation ratio or multiplier which gives a greater than 100 per cent exposure to the 
Underlying Assets. The leverage can sometimes vary over time according to a predefined mechanism. Such 
mechanism may also serve the purpose of keeping the leverage and/or the exposure to the Underlying 
Assets within certain limits. Consequently, the risk associated with an investment in Warrants, Turbo 
Warrants, Market Warrants, MINI Futures, Mini Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos is greater than with 
an investment in underlying assets. Warrants, Turbo Warrants, Market warrants, MINI Futures, Mini 
Futures Baskets or Unlimited Turbos may become worthless. 
Risks relating to short exposures 
A "long" exposure means that the performance of the Instrument will appreciate when the value of the 
underlying asset increases.  Conversely Instruments that have a "short" exposure, including Bear 
Certificates, will decline in value where the value of the underlying asset increases.  A rise in the value of 
the underlying asset could therefore result in the investor losing some or all of the invested capital. 
Caps and floors 
The formula or other basis for determining the value and/or performance of the Underlying Asset in respect 
of a Series of Instruments (or of individual Basket Components) may provide for a maximum value, or cap, 
such that any value and/or performance of the Underlying Asset (or individual Basket components) in 
excess of the applicable cap will not be taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination. 
Amounts payable on the Instruments linked to such capped value and/or performance will be limited 
accordingly. The formula or other basis for determining the value and/or performance of the Underlying 
Asset (or Basket Components) may provide for a minimum value, or floor, such that any value or 
performance of the Underlying Asset (or Basket Components) below the applicable floor will not be taken 
into account for the purposes of the relevant determination. Any such floor may not however be set at a 
level that ensures that the principal amount of the Instruments is fully protected, and an investor may still 
lose a significant proportion of their invested capital.

--- Page 44 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 44 - 
70-41006567 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Terms and Conditions  
1. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2016, 
pages 131 to 234 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-119295/2016-06-15_Base-Prospectus-Warrants-and-
Certificates-Programme-June-2016_EN.pdf  
2. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2017, 
pages 72 to 126 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/37-194313/Base%20Prospectus%202017%20(Final).pdf  
3. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2018, 
pages 78-135 (inclusive) available at:  
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
267787/Base%20Prospectus%20Warrants%20and%20Certificates%20Programme,%20June%20
2018.pdf  
4. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 
2018, pages 76-134 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
281592/Base%20Prospectus%20Warrants%20and%20Certificates%20Programme%2018%20De
cember%202018.pdf   
5. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 
2019, pages 53 to 109 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
343850/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Warrants%20and%20Certificates%20Programme%2018
%20December%202019.pdf   
Final Terms 
6. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 
2019, pages 110 to 128 (inclusive) available at: 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
343850/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Warrants%20and%20Certificates%20Programme%2018
%20December%202019.pdf 
Copies of the document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
https://www.nordea.com. Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites referred 
to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Instruments, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Instruments. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent

--- Page 45 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 45 - 
70-41006567 
 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Any websites referred to herein have not been reviewed or approved by the Central Bank and do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 46 - 
70-41006567 
 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Instruments may be issued as Registered Instruments (as defined below), VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, 
Finnish Instruments or Swedish Instruments, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Registered Instruments 
Instruments of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") 
will be in the form of either individual Instruments in registered form ("Individual Instruments") or a 
global Instrument in registered form (a "Global Registered Instrument"), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Instrument will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Instrument will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and 
will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms for Individual Instruments. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being "Individual Instruments", then the 
Instruments will at all times be in the form of Individual Instruments issued to each Instrumentholder in 
respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Instruments as being "Global Registered Instrument 
exchangeable for Individual Instruments", then the Instruments will initially be in the form of a Global 
Registered Instrument which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Instruments if 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so. 
Whenever the Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Individual Instruments, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Instruments will be issued in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of the Global 
Registered Instrument within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Instrument to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Instruments (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose 
names the Individual Instruments are to be registered and the amount of each such person's holding) against 
the surrender of the Global Registered Instrument at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Instruments scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Instruments have not been delivered by 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Instrument; or 
(b) 
any of the Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument (or any part of it) has become 
due and payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Instruments or the date for final 
redemption of the Instruments has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global 
Registered Instrument in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Instrument on the due 
date for payment, 
then, at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 6.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) the Global Registered Instrument will become void and 
the holder of the Global Registered Instrument will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Instrument or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered 
Instrument will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled

--- Page 47 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 47 - 
70-41006567 
 
if, immediately before the Global Registered Instrument became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Instruments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Instruments they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Instrument will be endorsed on that Individual 
Instrument and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Instrument will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form" below. 
Form of VP Instruments 
Each Tranche of VP Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 931 of 6 September 2019, as 
amended or replaced from time to time) (Kapitalmarkedsloven) (the "Danish Capital Markets Act"), the 
Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended from time to time (Bekendtgørelse om 
registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish Executive Order") and the 
VP Rule Book dated 1 April 2019, as amended from time to time (the "VP Rule Book"). No global or 
definitive Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a VP Instrument will be the person 
evidenced as such by the register for such Instrument maintained by VP Securities A/S. Where a nominee 
in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the 
relevant VP Instrument. 
Form of VPS Instruments 
Each Tranche of VPS Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
cleared and settled through Euronext VPS. Legal title to the VPS Instruments will be evidenced by book 
entries in the records of Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
VPS Instruments will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext 
VPS. 
Title to the VPS Instruments will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS. The holder 
of a VPS Instrument will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Instruments shall be treated as the 
holder of such VPS Instruments for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VPS 
Instruments. The expressions "Instrumentholders" and "holder of Instruments" and related expressions 
shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. 
Form of Finnish Instruments 
Each Tranche of Finnish Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form 
in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Fin. laki 
arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and with the Finnish Act on 
Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended. No global or definitive 
Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Finnish Instrument will be the person 
evidenced as such by the register for such Instrument maintained by Euroclear Finland on behalf of the 
Issuer. Where a nominee in accordance with such legislation is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer 
as the holder of the relevant Finnish Instrument.

--- Page 48 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 48 - 
70-41006567 
 
Form of Swedish Instruments 
Each Tranche of Swedish Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). No global 
or definitive Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Swedish Instrument will be the 
person evidenced as such by the register for such Instrument maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of 
the Issuer. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be 
treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Instrument.

--- Page 49 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 49 - 
70-41006567 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument, references in the 
Conditions of the Instruments to "Instrumentholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global 
Registered Instrument is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global 
Registered Instrument is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Instrument (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Registered Instrument and in relation to all other rights arising under 
such Global Registered Instrument. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Registered Instrument will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system 
from time to time. For so long as the relevant Instruments are represented by a Global Registered 
Instrument, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under 
the Instruments and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such 
Global Registered Instrument. 
Conditions applicable to Global Registered Instruments 
Each Global Registered Instrument will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Instruments 
as they apply to the Global Registered Instrument. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Registered Instrument which, according to the Conditions 
of the Instruments, require presentation and/or surrender of an Individual Instrument will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of 
the Global Registered Instrument to or to the order of the Registrar and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Instruments. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Registered Instrument, the Business Day for the purposes 
of payments shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre; 
or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Relevant 
Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Instrument will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered 
Instrument is being held is open for business. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Instruments are represented by a Global 
Registered Instrument deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system notices to Instrumentholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Instrumentholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 50 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 50 - 
70-41006567 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, Euronext VPS, Euroclear Sweden or Euroclear 
Finland (the "Clearing Systems") from time to time. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any Clearing 
System must check the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System which are in effect 
at the relevant time. 
General 
The Instruments will be cleared and settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the 
case of VP Instruments, the VP or, in the case of VPS Instruments, Euronext VPS or, in the case of Swedish 
Instruments, Euroclear Sweden, or, in the case of Finnish Instruments, Euroclear Finland. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear SA/NV is owned by Euroclear plc, a company organised under the laws of England and Wales, 
which is owned by market participants using Euroclear services as members. 
As an ICSD, Euroclear provides settlement and related securities services for cross-border transactions 
involving domestic and international bonds, equities, derivatives and investment funds. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, located at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg was incorporated in 
1970 as a limited company under Luxembourg law. It is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such 
is subject to regulation by the CSSF. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by book entry transfers between their accounts.  
VP 
VP is a Danish limited liability company and is subject to the Danish Capital Markets Act (Lov om 
kapitalmarkeder), as amended from time to time, the Danish Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. VP 
is the central organisation for registering securities in Denmark and is authorised as a central securities 
depository under Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in the VP will take place on a 
registration-against-payment basis two Copenhagen business days after the date of the relevant transaction. 
Transfers of interests in a VP Instrument will take place in accordance with the VP Rules. Secondary market 
clearance and settlement through Euroclear is possible through depositary links established between the VP 
and Euroclear. Transfers of Instruments held in the VP through Clearstream, Luxembourg are only possible 
by using an account holding institute linked to the VP. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, 
Denmark. 
Euronext VPS 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) is a Norwegian public limited company authorised to 
register rights to financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments (the "VPS Act"). The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all 
notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the "VPS Securities"). 
From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on 
Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act"), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 
("CSDR") into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow Euronext VPS to 
operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time when Euronext VPS is authorised as a central 
securities depository under the CSD Act/CSDR.

--- Page 51 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 51 - 
70-41006567 
 
Euronext VPS settles trades in the Norwegian securities market, and provides services relating to stock 
issues, distribution of dividends and other corporate actions for companies registered in Euronext VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Instruments in Euronext VPS will take place 
two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Instruments may be transferred 
between accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time 
being, of the Euronext VPS. A transfer of VPS Instruments which are held in Euronext VPS through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator or custodian linked 
to the Euronext VPS System. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, P.O. 
1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a Swedish public company which operates under the supervision of the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository under Regulation (EU) 
No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in Euroclear Sweden will take place 
two Stockholm business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Instruments in Euroclear Sweden 
may be transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the procedures and 
regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear Sweden. A transfer of Instruments which are held in Euroclear 
Sweden through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator 
linked to Euroclear Sweden. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Swedish Clearing System, Euroclear Sweden, Box 191, SE 101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland is a Finnish limited company which operates under the supervision of the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository and clearinghouse under 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Instruments in Euroclear Finland will take place 
two Helsinki business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Instruments in Euroclear Finland may 
be transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Finland in accordance with the procedures and 
regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear Finland. A transfer of Instruments which are held in Euroclear 
Finland through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator 
linked to Euroclear Finland. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 52 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 52 - 
70-41006567 
 
INTRODUCTION TO WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
The Instruments comprise securities in the form of Warrants or Certificates which may be denominated in 
DKK, euro, NOK, SEK, USD, GBP, JPY, RUB, HKD or any other currency, and will be issued under the 
terms and conditions set forth in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Assets for the Instruments will be set forth in the Final Terms and may comprise shares, 
depository receipts, bonds, commodities, interest rates, currencies, forward contracts, futures contracts, 
funds or indices. The Instruments' Underlying Assets may also comprise a basket of such assets. Since the 
performance of the Underlying Asset affects the value of the relevant Instruments, the investor thereby has 
exposure to a certain Underlying Asset. 
If the currency of the Underlying Asset differs from the currency of the Instrument, the investor may be 
subject to a currency risk relating to the exchange rate between the currency of the Instrument and the 
currency of the Underlying Asset. 
All Instruments are cash settled automatically, meaning that, provided the Instrument on the expiration date 
entitles the holder of the Instrument to a payment, the Issuer will pay a cash amount to the holder. The 
Instrument does not entitle a holder to receive the Underlying Asset. 
Offering, allotment and sale 
In the case of admission to trading on a regulated market without any prior offer to the public, no 
subscription procedure is applied. Instead, purchases and sales of Instruments are carried out in the market 
place on which the Instruments are listed. The Issuer effects payment against delivery of Instruments at the 
relevant securities depositary. 
Instruments may be offered to professional investors and to retail customers (primarily comprising small 
or medium-size companies and private individuals) by public offerings, or as private placements to a limited 
number of investors. The Issuer may also cause the Instruments, without any prior offer, to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated marketplace and thereafter offered for sale. 
In conjunction with offers directed to the general public, allotment in the issues will be determined by the 
Issuer and take place in accordance with the chronological order in which applications are registered. If 
applications are registered at the same time, a lottery procedure may be applied. 
Allotment may also take place to employees of the Issuer without, however, any pre-emption rights based 
on the employment relationship. In such cases, allotment shall take place in accordance with the regulations 
issued by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and rules issued by the Swedish Securities Dealers' 
Association. 
Notice of allotment will be provided on contract notes which, it is estimated, will be despatched not later 
than two business days prior to the relevant settlement date. 
The Issuer reserves the right to cancel or restrict issues of Instruments where the total number of subscribed 
Instruments cannot be determined above a certain level. If an issue is cancelled after payment has been 
made, the Issuer will refund the paid amount to the account stated by the investor in connection with its 
subscription. The Issuer also reserves the right to cancel an issue upon the occurrence of any circumstance 
which, in the Issuer's opinion, may jeopardise implementation of the issue. 
Trading in Instruments may take place commencing on the listing date up to and including the expiration 
date for the respective Instrument, subject to the provisions below regarding any potential suspension of 
trading under different types of Instruments. Both the listing date and the expiration date are stated in the 
Final Terms for the respective Instruments. 
Payment and delivery of Instruments shall take place subject to the conditions agreed upon between the 
purchaser, the Issuer and any Authorised Offeror appointed by the Issuer. Purchase and sale shall take place 
through the placement of customary buy or sell orders to the Issuer, another bank, or investment broker. 
Customary commission is payable in connection with subscription, purchases and sales of Instruments. A 
contract note is received as confirmation of the number of acquired or sold Instruments.

--- Page 53 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 53 - 
70-41006567 
 
"One Trading Lot" shall constitute the minimum unit for trading in Instruments. The number of Instruments 
per Trading Lot is set forth in the Final Terms for the respective Instruments. In addition, the Final Terms 
for each Series will state the maximum number of Instruments which are offered at any given time. 
Bid and ask prices for Instruments as quoted from time to time are set forth in the trading system used by 
the marketplace on which the Instruments are listed. 
Offers to acquire Instruments may also published on the Issuer's website: (www.nordea.com, 
www.nordea.se, www.nordea.no, www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.fi). 
Financial Intermediaries 
The Issuer may from time to time have agreements with a number of financial intermediaries regarding the 
sale of Instruments issued by the Issuer (each an "Authorised Offeror"). On the website of each Authorised 
Offeror, investors will be provided with any additional information regarding the Authorised Offeror which 
was not contemplated on the date of submission of the Final Terms in respect of a specific Instrument and 
regarding the terms for the Authorised Offeror's reliance on this Base Prospectus. The right of Authorised 
Offerors to use this Base Prospectus may be further limited as set forth in the Final Terms for any 
Instrument. 
An Authorised Offeror must notify the investor of the terms of the offer at the time it provides the 
offer to the investor. 
Market Making 
In those cases where Instruments are admitted to trading on a regulated market, irrespective of whether or 
not preceded by a public offering, Nordea may, but is not obliged to, act as Market Maker (if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and thereupon, in normal circumstances, quote buy and sell rates for the number 
of trading posts decided upon by the Issuer from time to time. No buy rate is normally quoted for 
Instruments where, in the Issuer's sole discretion, the theoretical price of the Instruments means that it is 
not efficient to maintain a secondary market in the Instruments. 
As regards Warrants, the table below states the maximum spread between buy and sell rates for SEK, DKK 
and NOK. 
Ask prices in respective currency 
Maximum spread for respective currency 
0.01-5 
0.25 
>5-10 
0.40 
>10-25 
0.90 
> 25 
< 4% 
 
For Warrants issued in EUR, the following maximum spread shall apply: 
Ask prices in EUR 
Maximum spread in EUR 
<2 
0.10 
>2 
< 4% 
 
Conditions and Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions 
The Instruments are governed by the Conditions. The Conditions are general and cover a large number of 
different types of instruments and are reproduced in their entirety in this Base Prospectus. The Conditions 
are applicable to all Instruments issued under the Programme.

--- Page 54 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 54 - 
70-41006567 
 
Final Terms 
Final Terms ("Final Terms") are also prepared for each series of Instruments issued under the Programme. 
The format for the Final Terms for various types of Instruments is reproduced in this Base Prospectus. 
Generally, it can be said that the Final Terms state the specific terms and conditions in respect of each series 
of Instruments. The Final Terms, together with the Conditions, constitute the complete terms and conditions 
for the relevant Series of Instruments. 
Final Terms for Instruments which are offered to the public and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
are filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. Final Terms that are filed accordingly will be published and 
made available on the Issuer's website (www.nordea.com, www.nordea.se, www.nordea.no, 
www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.fi) and may also be obtained free of charge from any of the Issuer's branch 
offices. 
Different types of Instruments 
Warrants, Turbo Warrants, MINI Futures, Unlimited Turbos and Market Warrants 
Warrants 
A Warrant is a financial instrument, the return on which is dependent on the performance of the Underlying 
Asset associated with the Warrant. Underlying Assets may consist of shares or share indices, as well as 
other assets such as interest rates, indices, currencies, commodities, futures contracts, forward contracts, or 
a combination of such Underlying Assets or a basket of assets. 
Warrants issued under the Programme are of 'European' style, i.e. the holder cannot demand exercise during 
the term of the Warrant; instead, exercise takes place only on the expiration date, with the exception of 
MINI Futures and Unlimited Turbos, which may be structured similarly to an 'American' option where the 
investor has the right to request exercise during the term of the Instrument. On the expiration date, automatic 
exercise takes place with cash settlement, meaning that the holder receives cash instead of Underlying 
Assets (provided that all other terms and conditions for receipt of the exercise amount are fulfilled and 
that no Early Expiration Event has occurred). 
Turbo Warrants 
Warrants can also be issued as Turbo Warrants. Turbo Warrants are available as both Turbo Call Warrants 
and Turbo Put Warrants and are issued with a relatively short term. Turbo Warrants differ from ordinary 
Warrants in that they also have a Barrier Level (which is stated in the Final Terms). With respect to Turbo 
Warrants issued under this Programme, the Strike Price and Barrier Level may be either on the same level 
or different levels (this is set forth in the Final Terms). If the value of the Underlying Asset at any time 
during the term is quoted below or the same as the Barrier Level (Turbo Call Warrant), or above or the 
same as the Barrier Level (Turbo Put Warrant), the Turbo Warrant lapses and the Expiration Date is 
determined. This is referred to as an Early Expiration Event (and is described in greater detail in the 
Conditions). Upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, the Closing Price of the Underlying Asset 
with respect to a Turbo Call Warrant is calculated as the Underlying Asset's lowest price during a certain 
number (specified in the Final Terms) of Trading Hours (as defined in detail in the General Terms and 
Conditions) after the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event. Upon the occurrence of the Early Expiration 
Event, the Closing Price of the Underlying Asset with respect to a Turbo Put Warrant is calculated as the 
highest price of the Underlying Asset a certain number (specified in the Final Terms) of Trading Hours 
after the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event. An Early Expiration Event also entails that the Turbo 
Warrant is delisted from a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or other marketplace. Under certain 
circumstances, the Turbo Warrant may be issued with a possibility for the Issuer to adjust the strike price, 
barrier and multiplier in order to make the value of the Turbo Warrant independent of the value of dividends 
and other corporate actions affecting the Underlying Asset. 
MINI Futures and Unlimited Turbos 
Warrants can be issued with an Expiration Date which is not predetermined, where the Expiration Date is 
instead dependent on whether the Issuer establishes an Expiration Date, if a holder requests exercise (in 
respect of Instruments held by such holder only), or if a Stop-Loss Event occurs. Such an instrument is 
defined as a MINI Future (a MINI future or Unlimited Turbo can also be structured with a predetermined 
expiration date). In addition to not having a predetermined expiration date, the MINI Future or Unlimited

--- Page 55 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 55 - 
70-41006567 
 
Turbo has a Stop Loss Level as described in the Final Terms. A MINI Future issued with a Stop Loss Buffer 
(as defined in the Conditions) of zero per cent (i.e. with no spread between the Reference Price or Financing 
Level used to determine the Stop Loss Level and the actual Stop Loss Level) is referred to as an Unlimited 
Turbo. Put or Call MINI Futures or Put or Call Unlimited Turbos are also referred to, respectively, as MINI 
Futures Long and MINI Futures Short or Unlimited Turbos Long and Unlimited Turbos Short. Under 
certain circumstances, the MINI Future or Unlimited Turbo may be issued with a possibility for the Issuer 
to adjust the strike price, Stop Loss Level and multiplier in order to make the value of such Mini Future or 
Unlimited Turbo independent of the value of dividends and other corporate actions affecting the Underlying 
Asset. 
Warrants which have a Stop Loss level (typically a Turbo Warrant or a MINI Future or an Unlimited Turbo), 
can have terms relating to an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event (as defined in the Conditions). 
This means that if the Stop Loss Level is reached before trading in the Instrument has started, this will not 
automatically mean that a Stop Loss Event has occurred. Instead, the Issuer can elect to hold off on trading 
during a certain time period and, in the event the value of the Underlying Asset breaks the a Stop Loss 
Level again, trading in the Instrument can start. An Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event can occur 
more than once during the term of the Instrument, provided trading in the Instrument has not yet 
commenced. 
If the Warrant is a Call Warrant, the Warrant generates a return for the Holder if the Closing Price is higher 
than the Strike Price, and a Settlement Amount is then calculated as the Multiplier (as defined in the Final 
Terms) multiplied by the difference between the Closing Price and the Strike Price. If the Closing Price is 
equal to or lower than the Strike Price, the Warrant generates no return. 
If the Warrant is a Put Warrant, the Warrant generates a return for the Holder if the Closing Price is lower 
than the Strike Price, and a Settlement Amount is then calculated as the Multiplier multiplied by the 
difference between the Closing Price and the Strike Price. 
Market Warrants 
If Warrants are issued through a primary market transaction, i.e. Warrants are the subject to an offer to 
subscribe for Warrants during a specific subscription period, these instruments can be called Market 
Warrants. In relation to Market Warrants, the return is normally calculated on an underlying amount stated 
in the terms. Where the Market Warrant is issued through a primary market transaction, it may include a 
participation rate which is preliminary until the start date, when it is finally determined by the Issuer. Market 
Warrants may also include yield structures that are more complex and correspond to those stated as 
applicable to Certificates, but which, in certain cases, can be related to an underlying amount stated in the 
terms (rather than the relevant invested amount as regards a Certificate) as appropriate for the relevant 
Instrument. 
The value of Warrants on the Expiration Date 
The performance of the Underlying Asset affects the value of a Warrant both during its term and on the 
Expiration Date. In this section, the relationship between the value of the Warrant and the value of the 
Underlying Assets will be illustrated through a number of schematic examples (in order to avoid making 
the explanatory model unnecessarily complicated, it will hereinafter be assumed that the Underlying Asset 
is a share). This applies to all Warrants, i.e. also Turbo Warrants, MINI Futures, Unlimited Turbos and 
Market Warrants that constitute pure call or put options. Investors in Warrants must be aware that if the 
performance of the Underlying Asset is unfavourable to the investor, the entire invested amount may be 
lost. 
With respect to Call Warrants, the value of the Warrant on the Expiration Date is determined by the amount 
by which the price of the Underlying Asset exceeds the strike price for the Warrant. With respect to Put 
Warrants, the opposite applies, i.e. the value of the Warrant is determined by the amount by which the price 
of the underlying share is less than the strike price. The closing price for Underlying Assets may also be 
calculated as the average value of the most recently quoted transaction prices for the Underlying Asset 
during the closing price determination period (more thereon below). As noted above, in the case of Turbo 
Warrants, MINI Futures and Unlimited Turbos the terms and conditions include a Barrier Level which may 
result in the Turbo Warrant, MINI Future or Unlimited Turbos expiring early. The following schematic 
example illustrates the described relationships:

--- Page 56 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 56 - 
70-41006567 
 
Call Warrant 
Put Warrant 
Underlying share: ABC 
Underlying share: ABC 
Strike price: SEK 25 
Strike price: SEK 25 
Number of underlying shares per Warrant: 1 share 
Number of underlying shares per Warrant: 1 share 
 
Call Warrant 
Share's closing price  
Calculation 
The Warrant's value 
SEK 26 
26-25= 1 
SEK 1 
SEK 25 
25-25= 0 
SEK 0 
SEK 24 
24-25= -1 
SEK 0 
 
Put Warrant / Säljwarrant 
Share's closing price 
Calculation 
The Warrant's value 
SEK 26 
25-26= -1 
SEK 0 
SEK 25 
25-25= 0 
SEK 0 
SEK 24 
25-24= 1 
SEK 1 
 
The yield on invested capital differs markedly if an investment is made in Warrants as compared with in 
shares (Underlying Asset). The yield may be significantly higher when trading in Warrants, but the 
increased yield possibility occurs at the price of an increased risk of losing the entire invested capital, the 
so-called leverage effect. The leverage effect entails that the value of an investment in Warrants changes 
significantly more than the value of an investment in an underlying share when the price of the underlying 
share increases or decreases. The changes may take place rapidly. 
The schematic example below illustrates the leverage effect in the case of an investment in Warrants. 
Assumptions: The investor regards the ABC share as clearly undervalued in approximately a one-year 
horizon. The share price is currently SEK 25 but the investor believes that in approximately one year it will 
be SEK 50. The investor has capital of SEK 10,000 to invest. 
Investment in shares 
Invested capital  
SEK 10,000 
Current price of the ABC share 
SEK 25 
Number of shares / Antal aktier 
400 shares  
 
If the share price increases in accordance with the investor's belief, in one year the value will be: 
Price  
SEK 50 
Number of shares  
400 shares  
Value  
SEK 20.000 
Increase in value  
100 per cent

--- Page 57 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 57 - 
70-41006567 
 
Investment in Warrants 
Strike price  
SEK 30 
Expiration date  
1 year from the investment date  
Number of underlying shares per Warrant 
1 share  
 
If the performance of the share price is in accordance with the investor's belief, the value of the Warrants 
in a year's time will be: 
Share Price  
SEK 50 
Number of Warrants  
5,000 Warrants  
Value  
SEK 100,000 
Increase in value  
900 per cent  
 
It is evident from the table below that if the ABC share increases in price from SEK 25 to SEK 50 on the 
Expiration Date, the value of the investment will have increased by 100 per cent to SEK 20,000. The table 
also shows the difference in the performance of the Warrant and the share depending on the underlying 
share price. 
Share price on the Expiration Date 
Share investment value 
Warrant investment value 
SEK 15 
SEK 6,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 20 
SEK 8,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 25 
SEK 10,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 30 
SEK 12,000 
SEK 0 
SEK 35 
SEK 14,000 
SEK 25,000 
SEK 40 
SEK 16,000 
SEK 50,000 
SEK 45 
SEK 18,000 
SEK 75,000 
SEK 50 
SEK 20,000 
SEK 100,000 
SEK 55 
SEK 22,000 
SEK 125,000 
 
The table shows the leverage effect – when the share price exceeds the strike price of SEK 30, the value of 
the Warrant investment increases much more rapidly than the share investment. The table also shows the 
negative aspects of the leverage effect – if the share price does not exceed the strike price, the entire 
invested capital is lost, which is not the case if the investment is made in the shares, provided that the 
share price does not fall to zero. 
Information regarding the calculation principles for determination of the Warrant's premium is provided 
below. However, in addition to the information it should be emphasised that, during the closing price 
determination period, consideration is given to the parameters that are included in the data for determination 
of the closing price when the premium for the Warrant is determined. The closing price and the strike price 
differential for a Warrant is determined by the arithmetical mean value of the closing prices during the 
closing price determination period. This means that a change in the price of the Underlying Asset during 
the closing price determination period has a smaller impact on the change in the value of the Warrant than 
otherwise, since it is only the effect of the price change on the anticipated mean value during the period 
which affects the value of the Warrant. The greater proportion of the closing price determination period 
that has elapsed, the smaller will be the significance of each individual price movement for the change in 
the value of the Warrant, since a greater part of the arithmetical mean value is already known at that time.

--- Page 58 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 58 - 
70-41006567 
 
The value of the Warrant during its term 
Warrants and Market Warrants 
The description in this section relates to the value of Warrants and Market Warrants that constitute pure 
call or put options and not Turbo Warrants. The value of the Warrant during the term is determined by its 
market price which, among other things, is affected by the time value of the Warrant and the volume of 
trading which takes place in the Warrant. In order to clarify how the remaining term affects the value of the 
Warrant, the value is divided into real value and time value, i.e. the Warrant's value = real value + time 
value. 
The real value is the value the Warrant would have had if the expiration date occurred today. The real value 
is the value which is stated as the Warrant's value in the example above. 
The time value is the difference between the Warrant's real value and the prevailing market price for the 
Warrant. Prior to the Expiration Date, the Warrant's premium is higher than its real value since, during the 
remaining term, there is a possibility of beneficial price movements in an underlying share (there is, of 
course, also an equally great possibility of unfavourable price movements but, due to the Warrant's leverage 
effect, these do not have as great an impact on the value of the Warrant). 
The significance of the time value for the Warrant's premium diminishes over time. Accordingly, if other 
factors which impact on price are unchanged, the value of the Warrant will decline gradually so that, on the 
Expiration Date, it corresponds to the real value. 
An additional factor which affects the value of the Warrant is the implied (anticipated) volatility regarding 
Underlying Assets. Furthermore, expectations regarding the increased volatility of an Underlying Asset 
have an upward effect on the value of the Warrant (both Call Warrants and Put Warrants), since increased 
price movements in Underlying Assets result in a greater likelihood of drawing benefit from the leverage 
effect of the Warrant. The impact on a Warrant of a change in the implied volatility depends, however, on 
a large number of factors, for example the remaining term. The schematic examples below illustrate the 
manner in which changes in the implied volatility affect the price of the Warrant (if all other parameters 
are unchanged). 
Assumptions: 
Price for underlying share: 
SEK 50 
Strike price for Warrant: 
SEK 50 
Remaining term for 
Warrant: 1 year 
Interest rate: 
3.00% 
Dividend (underlying share): 
SEK 0 
Number of shares per Warrant: 
0.1 share 
Initial implied volatility:  
0% 
Warrants: 
European style (meaning that redemptions may not occur during the 
term of the Warrant) 
 
Implied volatility 
in %  
Price, Call 
Warrant in SEK 
Difference in 
price Call 
Warrant 
Price, Put 
Warrant in SEK 
Difference in 
price, Put 
Warrant 
20 
0.47 
-29 % 
0.32 
-37 % 
25 
0.56 
-15 % 
0.42 
-18 % 
30 
0.66 
0 % 
0.51 
0 % 
35 
0.76 
15 % 
0.61 
20 % 
40 
0.85 
29 % 
0.71 
39 %

--- Page 59 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 59 - 
70-41006567 
 
The example shows that when the implied volatility is changed by a few percentage points, the value of the 
Warrant changes significantly. In the pricing of Warrants, the Black & Scholes method is used for 
calculating the Warrant's value. The method can also be used to calculate the implied volatility of a Warrant. 
Anyone investing in Warrants should be aware of how the implied volatility affects Warrants. 
Issued Warrants do not affect the capital structure of a company whose shares constitute an Underlying 
Asset or a part of Underlying Assets. Accordingly, no dilution effect occurs for the shareholders in the 
company whose shares constitute an Underlying Asset. 
Turbo Warrants 
The valuation of Turbo Warrants does not take place in the same manner as the valuation of Warrants or 
Market Warrants constituting pure call or put options, meaning that the value of a Warrant with the same 
expiry date and Underlying Asset as a Turbo Warrant may have a different value during its term than the 
Turbo Warrant. During its term, the value of the Turbo Warrant is dependent on a number of factors such 
as the value of the Underlying Asset, redemption price, barrier level, maturity, market rates, expected 
dividends from the Underlying Asset, supply and demand as well as turnover and liquidity. An Underlying 
Asset's expected dividend(s) and expected volatility refer to the Issuer's expectations in that regard. The 
main difference in the valuation of a Warrant and a Turbo Warrant is that the volatility generally has little 
effect on the price of the Turbo Warrant. However, when the value of the Underlying Asset is very close to 
the barrier level for the Turbo Warrant, the volatility will affect the price. 
MINI Futures or Unlimited Turbos 
The valuation of MINI Futures or Unlimited Turbos does not take place in the same manner as the valuation 
of Warrants or Market Warrants constituting pure call or put options, but is more similar to the valuation 
of Turbo Warrants. During its term, the value of the MINI Future or Unlimited Turbos is dependent on a 
number of factors such as the price of the Underlying Asset, financing level/strike price, barrier level/stop-
loss, maturity, market interest rates, as well as supply and demand, turnover and liquidity. 
As in the case of the Turbo Warrant, the effect of volatility on the valuation of a MINI Future or an 
Unlimited Turbo is less than for a Warrant, which means that the adaptability to the Underlying Asset is 
greater in a MINI Future or an Unlimited Turbo than in a Warrant. 
Mini Futures Baskets are similar to Mini Futures but are based on the relative performance of two 
Underlying Assets (one of which may be a short exposure) and a Cash Component, with the settlement 
amount determined by reference to the overall Basket Value rather than the performance of a single 
individual component. 
Certain yield structures for Warrants 
Warrants issued under this Programme may include performance structures that are otherwise applicable 
to Certificates as set out below. The yield structures included in the section "Certificates - Performance 
Structures for Certificates – a Description" are thus also applicable in relation to Warrants for which a 
certain yield structure is applicable. Such Warrants' return may thus depend on the performance of an 
Underlying Asset which may be comprised of shares or share indices, as well as other assets such as interest 
rates, currencies, commodities or a combination of such Underlying Assets or a basket of assets. The 
Warrant is an instrument without principal protection, in which case the investors in the Warrant may lose 
all or a part of the invested capital. 
The Warrants may entitle the investor to payment or return on the expiry date (European type) but may also 
be structured similarly to an American option where the investor has the right to request exercise during 
the term of the Warrant. 
Certificates 
Certificates issued under this Programme are financial instruments giving the investor exposure towards a 
certain Underlying Asset and a certain investment strategy. The return on a Certificate can only be paid in 
cash (provided that all terms and conditions for receipt of the redemption amount are fulfilled) and no 
physical delivery of the Underlying Asset is possible. The return on the Certificate is thus dependent on the 
performance of the Underlying Asset associated with the Certificate. Underlying Assets may consist of 
shares or share indices, other assets such as interest rates, currencies, commodities, or a combination of

--- Page 60 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 60 - 
70-41006567 
 
such Underlying Assets, or a basket of assets. The Certificate is not a principal protected instrument and 
thus investors in the Certificate may lose all or a part of the invested capital. 
The Certificate may entitle the investor to payment on the expiry date (European type) but may also be 
structured similarly to an American option where the investor has the right to request exercise during the 
term of the Certificate, or be open-ended with no fixed repayment date. The Certificate may also, when the 
Underlying Asset comprises of instruments from which dividends may be distributed to the holder, give 
the investor a right to a coupon of such dividend during the term of the Certificate. Such dividends may 
also, when so specified in the Final Terms, be reinvested in the Underlying Asset. 
Certificates can be issued as different types of products and can be given certain product specific names 
such as index Certificates, max Certificates, bonus Certificates, bull Certificates, bear Certificates, flex 
Certificates or growth Certificates, but are not limited only to these types of products. 
Bull Certificates and Bear Certificates issued under the Programme may or may not contain a "stop loss" 
functionality. Where a Certificate contains a "stop loss" functionality a Stop Loss Level is included in the 
terms and conditions. In the case of Bull Certificates and Bear Certificates, this will be in addition to the 
Barrier Level. Upon a Stop Loss Event there may be a recovery value, whereas the Settlement Amount will 
always be zero where an Early Expiration Event has occurred. 
Performance Structures for Certificates – a description 
The performance structures described below determine the manner in which the performance of the relevant 
Underlying Assets affects the yield and/or the redemption amount under the Certificate. In many cases, 
Certificates may correspond in terms of function to combinations of several different types of traditional 
instruments, e.g. a Certificate combined with a share, a fund unit and/or a derivative instrument. The value 
of a Certificate will be affected by the value of the Underlying Asset and the Certificate's performance 
structure. The value of an Underlying Asset is sometimes determined on a number of occasions during the 
term of the Certificate and sometimes only at maturity. The performance may be positive or negative for 
the investor. Thus, the investor's right to return and, where applicable, repayment of the invested amount 
depends on the performance of the Underlying Asset and the applicable performance structure. 
Where the performance structure includes an element of leverage, that means, inter alia, that if the 
Certificate has, e.g. a leverage 2, if the value of the Underlying Asset increases by 1%, the value of the 
Certificate increases by 2% (subject to effects from the market, fees, financing costs etc.). If the value of 
the Underlying Asset instead decreases by 1%, the value of the Certificate decreases by 2% (plus possible 
effects from the market, fees, financing costs etc.). 
The performance structures described below represent a selection of the most common structures. The 
structures may be combined, varied and used in their entirety or only in part. 
"Base"-structure" 
The Base structure for calculating the performance of an Instrument is dependent on the change between 
the initial price and final price for one or more Underlying Assets. In order to reduce the risk that temporary 
fluctuations in value might result in a misleading calculation basis when calculating the final value of an 
Instrument, the final value is often determined as the average value of the Underlying Assets or benchmarks 
on a number of measurement dates during a determined period of time. However, there may be only one 
measurement date during a determined period of time. 
"Max" structure " 
The max structure is based on the base structure but contains a predetermined maximum yield, i.e. a cap on 
the yield. The investor receives either the maximum yield or a yield which reflects the performance of the 
Underlying Asset, whichever is lower. If the performance of the Underlying Asset exceeds the 
predetermined maximum yield, the investor receives an amount corresponding to the maximum yield. 
"Barrier" structure" 
This structure includes a fixed price which replaces the final price in the event the final price of the 
Underlying Asset reaches and/or exceeds a price cap or is less than a price floor or a combination thereof.

--- Page 61 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 61 - 
70-41006567 
 
"Digital" structure 
The yield in a digital structure depends on the relationship between value of an Underlying Asset and a 
specific predetermined level on the valuation date. 
"Binary" structure 
The yield in a binary structure depends on the relationship between the value of an Underlying Asset and a 
predetermined level during the entire term of the Instrument. 
"Leverage" structure " 
A leverage structure usually means that the value of the instrument follows the leverage proportionally to 
an Underlying Asset. The structure can be combined with, among other things, a barrier or a cap. 
"Constant leverage" structure" 
A constant leverage structure is a structure where the exposure to an Underlying Asset during a defined 
time period (e.g. one day) generates a yield which is X times larger compared with the Underlying Asset. 
The constant leverage can be both positive and negative and the structure is often combined with, for 
example, a barrier. 
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Instruments shall be governed by English, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian or Finnish law as provided in 
the Final Terms and the aforementioned law shall be applied to the Conditions, related Final Terms and any 
supplements. Disputes in relation to Instruments and the Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts as set out in the Conditions. 
Denomination currency 
Instruments are denominated in DKK, EUR, NOK, SEK, GBP, USD, PLN, RYB, CHF, HKD, JPY or 
another currency as stated in the Final Terms. The Issuer is entitled to list and trade in Instruments and to 
effect payment in accordance with the provisions set forth in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant 
Instruments. 
The ranking of Instruments in terms of rights of priority 
Instruments issued under the Programme are unconditional and unsecured obligations which, in the event 
of the Issuer's bankruptcy, will rank pari passu with other unsecured (non-subordinated) creditors of the 
Issuer. 
Rights associated with Instruments and the procedure for exercising such rights 
Pursuant to the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, holders of Instruments are entitled to receive any 
Settlement Amount on the Expiration Date. Exercise takes place automatically. Holders have the 
possibility, during the term, to sell Instruments at prevailing prices on the market. A prevailing price is the 
price quoted by a Market Maker or another buyer. 
Information regarding Underlying Assets for Instruments 
The strike price as well as information regarding Underlying Assets will be provided in the relevant Final 
Terms for the relevant Instruments. The closing price determination period will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Proprietary Indices 
The Nordea Group may from time to time participate in creating, structuring and maintaining indices 
portfolios or strategies and for which it may act as index sponsor (collectively, "Proprietary Indices"). 
These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the 
methodology for determining the composition and the calculation of these Proprietary Indices (the 
"Rules").

--- Page 62 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 62 - 
70-41006567 
 
The complete set of Rules of any such index and information on the performance of the index will be freely 
accessible on the Issuer's or on the Index Sponsor's website. The governing rules (including methodology 
of the index for the selection and the re-balancing of the components of the index, a description of market 
disruption events and any applicable adjustment rules) will be based on predetermined and objective 
criteria. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following indices are provided by legal entities acting in 
association with, or on behalf of, the Issuer and its affiliates: 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information 
about the Index 
NQNDMOT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Momentum TR 
Index 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDVOT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Volatility TRIndex 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDIT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Dividend TRIndex 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
DividendMomentum 
Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDVT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
DividendVolatility 
Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Swe TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
SEK 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEURO
P 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEURO
T 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMVEURO
N 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
MomentumVolatility 
Eurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUR
OP 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
DividendMomentum 
BetaEurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDDMBEUR
OT 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com

--- Page 63 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 63 - 
70-41006567 
 
Index Tracker 
Index Name 
Index Sponsor 
Currency 
Website for 
obtaining 
information 
about the Index 
DividendMomentum 
BetaEurozone TR 
NQNDDMBEUR
ON 
Nasdaq 
NordeaSmartBeta 
Dividend Momentum 
BetaEurozone NTR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUR
OP 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone PR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUR
OT 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone TR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
NQNDMFEEUR
ON 
Nasdaq Nordea 
SmartBeta 
Multifactor ESG 
Eurozone NR 
Nasdaq/Nordea 
EUR 
www.nasdaq.com 
 
Nasdaq and Nordea have jointly designed the selection criteria and rebalancing rules for the Indices listed 
above. Nasdaq is responsible for the methodology, calculation, dissemination and administration of the 
Indices. 
Information regarding calculation principles for determination of premium, price and strike price 
for Instruments 
For Warrants, the investor pays a premium in order to invest in Instruments. This premium is affected by a 
number of different factors as a consequence of which the premium may increase or decrease in value 
during the term of the Instruments. Similarly to Warrants and Turbo Warrants, the price of a Certificate is 
also affected by a number of factors. The manner in which each factor affects the Certificate's price depends 
on the structure of the Certificate and the type of derivative which is used in order to create the underlying 
exposure. 
The amount of the premium is determined by many factors, for example: 
 
the Underlying Asset's price; 
 
the strike price; 
 
the term; 
 
the market interest rate; 
 
the expected dividends on the Underlying Assets during the Instrument's term; 
 
the number of Underlying Assets per Instrument; 
 
the expected future volatility of the yield for Underlying Assets during the remaining term of the 
Instrument; 
 
the barrier level; 
 
the max level;

--- Page 64 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 64 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
the protection factor; 
 
the protection level; 
 
participation rate; 
 
gap option premium 
 
the costs of hedging/stock borrow 
 
taxation levels 
 
supply and demand; and 
 
volume of sales and liquidity. 
As stated above, the pricing of Instruments is determined by a number of parameters, and consequently the 
valuation is complex. A number of valuation models are used as a basis of the Issuer's valuation of Warrants 
and Certificates, including the Black & Scholes method for valuation of options. Whilst the criteria above 
are those most commonly used by the Issuer to determine pricing, investors should bear in mind that the 
Issuer may also elect to take account of other factors, or not to take account of certain factors, when 
determining the price of any Instruments. 
The standard deviation in the yield on the Underlying Asset affects the pricing of the Instruments. The 
pricing on both an initial and an ongoing basis will partly reflect the Issuer's assessment of the future 
volatility of the Underlying Asset and, thereby, the Issuer's margin. The value of the Underlying Asset 
always affects the value of the Instruments. Since the value of the Underlying Asset can always change, the 
value of the Warrant changes regularly. In connection with events which increase uncertainty (for example, 
pending the publication of a report) with respect to an Underlying Asset, the implied volatility increases 
and, thereby, the price of the Instruments. 
The strike price in relation to the value of the Underlying Asset also affects the value of the Instruments. 
The remaining term to maturity affects the valuation of the Instruments. The longer the term, the higher the 
price for the Warrant since a longer term increases the possibility that the value of the Underlying Asset 
will change. Dividends on underlying shares affect the value of the Instruments since the dividend entails 
a cost for the company whose shares constitute an Underlying Asset. The volatility states the degree of 
variability in the value of an Underlying Asset. Expectations of increased volatility affect the value of the 
Instruments upwards, since increased price movements result in a greater likelihood of drawing benefit 
from the Instruments' leverage effect. 
Specifically in relation to Warrants, for Call Warrants the price is lower if the strike price is high, while the 
converse applies with respect to Put Warrants. With increasing market interest rates, the price of Call 
Warrant increases, while the price of Put Warrants declines. The impact of the interest rate on the Warrant's 
price is, however, normally relatively small. Expectations regarding increased dividends lead to a fall in 
the value of a Call Warrant, whereas in the same situation the value of a Put Warrant increases. Turbo 
Warrants where the Issuer has the right to adjust certain terms for the dividend are not affected in this way. 
Bid and ask prices quoted on Warrants from time to time are set forth in the trading system which is used 
by the marketplace on which the Warrants are listed. 
Certain yield structures 
Interest may also be payable in accordance with one or more of the certain yield structures stated below. 
The Instruments may be structured such that the return is based on interest and/or inflation, as well as one 
or several interest rates and/or the Underlying Assets' performance or a combination of these. Variables 
such as multipliers, ceilings/floors, digital ceilings/floors, swap options and/or combinations of these 
functions may occur. Under this type of Instrument, the return may depend on whether one or more stated 
interest rates or the performance of Underlying Asset(s) remain within certain predetermined ranges. The 
return can also be affected by the return in previous periods and include interest or different triggers which 
may affect the return or result in early redemption.

--- Page 65 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 65 - 
70-41006567 
 
The following certain yield structures may be applicable to Certificates, Warrants and Market Warrants and 
are described in greater detail in the Conditions. 
"Cap/Floor" 
"Basket Long" 
"Capped Floor Float" 
"Basket Short" 
"Compounding Floater" 
"Autocall Coupon" 
"Range Accrual" 
"Max component"  
"Digital Long" 
"Currency component – Basket"  
"Digital Short" 
"Currency component – Underlying Asset"

--- Page 66 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 66 - 
70-41006567 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which (subject to completion in the relevant 
Final Terms) will be applicable to each Series of Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in accordance with a fiscal agency agreement, (as amended and/or restated 
and/or replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") dated 18 December 2020 and made 
between Nordea Bank Abp, the "Issuer"), Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its 
capacity as such) and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
shall include any successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as such) and Nordea 
Bank Abp in its capacity as issuing agent for VP Instruments (as defined below) (the "VP Issuing Agent"), 
Nordea Bank Abp as Norwegian paying agent for VPS Instruments (the "VPS Paying Agent"), Nordea 
Bank Abp as Swedish issuing agent for Swedish Instruments (the "Swedish Issuing Agent") and Nordea 
Bank Abp as issuer agent for Finnish Instruments (the "Finnish Issuing Agent"). The Instruments (other 
than the VP Instruments, the VPS Instruments, the Swedish Instruments and the Finnish Instruments) have 
the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 18 December 2020 (as amended and/or 
restated and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in relation to the Instruments. Copies of 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified office 
of each of the Agents and the Registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations 
under any Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche"), 
and each Tranche will be the subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") a copy of which, in the case 
of a Series in relation to which application has been made for admission to listing on the Official List of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on its 
regulated market, will be filed with Euronext Dublin and will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar on or before the date of issue of the 
Instruments of such Series. 
Instruments may be settled through the Danish Securities Centre, VP Securities A/S ("VP Instruments" 
and the "VP", respectively), the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS 
Instruments" and the "Euronext VPS", respectively), the Swedish Clearing System which will be the 
Swedish Clearing System and Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB ("Swedish Instruments" and 
"Euroclear Sweden"), the Finnish Clearing System which will be Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Finnish 
Instruments" and "Euroclear Finland") or through any other relevant clearing system. 
The VP Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the VP. 
VP Instruments registered in the VP are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free 
negotiability under Danish law. 
The VPS Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euronext 
VPS. VPS Instruments registered in Euronext VPS are negotiable instruments and not subject to any 
restrictions on free negotiability under Norwegian law. 
A registrar agreement (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "VPS Registrar 
Agreement") has been entered into between the Issuer and the VPS Paying Agent in relation to the VPS 
Instruments. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Swedish Instruments will be Euroclear Sweden (the "Swedish 
Registrar") in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). 
The Swedish Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with 
Euroclear Sweden as central securities depository. Swedish Instruments registered in Euroclear Sweden are 
negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Finnish Instruments will be Euroclear Finland (the "Finnish 
Registrar") in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity

--- Page 67 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 67 - 
70-41006567 
 
(Fin. Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended and the Finnish Act on 
Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. Laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended. 
The Finnish Instruments will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with 
Euroclear Finland. Finnish Instruments registered in Euroclear Finland are negotiable instruments and not 
subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Finnish law. 
References in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") to Instruments are to Instruments of the 
relevant Series and any references to Coupons and Receipts, both as defined below, are to Coupons and 
Receipts relating to Instruments of the relevant Series. 
1. 
Definitions / Definitioner 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" 
Means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Account Operator" 
A bank or another party which has been licensed to act as account 
operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act 
(1998:1479) or the equivalent thereof in Denmark, Finland and 
Norway, and with which a Holder has opened a VP account with 
respect to Instruments. 
"Accumulated 
Financing" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(vii) (Mini Future 
Long or Unlimited Turbo Long) or Condition 6(a)(viii) (Mini 
Future Short or Unlimited Turbo Short)  in respect of Mini Futures 
and Unlimited Turbos and Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bull Certificates) or 
Condition 6(a)(x) (Bear Certificates) in respect of Certificates. 
"Accumulated Value" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bull 
Certificates) or Condition 6(a)(x) (Bear Certificates), as 
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Accumulated Value 
may be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 9(f) 
(Adjustments) upon payment of dividends in respect of the 
Underlying Asset(s). 
"Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day": 
Means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms 
"Accumulated Value 
Change" 
Has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(ix) (Bull 
Certificates) or Condition 6(a)(x) (Bear Certificates), as 
applicable.  
"Adjustment Spread" 
Means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which (i) is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the original Affected Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) failing which, is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
or derivatives markets for transactions which reference the original 
Affected Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate; or (iii) if no 
such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Issuer determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer 
determines, acting in good faith, to be appropriate as a result of the

--- Page 68 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 68 - 
70-41006567 
 
replacement of the Affected Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
"Administration Fee" 
A fee stated in the Final Terms. This fee covers the Issuer's costs 
in respect of administration and risk management. The Issuer may 
reserve the right to increase or reduce the Administration Fee in 
the event the Issuer's costs in respect of administration and/or 
management regarding the Instrument change. In such case, the 
Final Terms shall also state the maximum possible Administration 
Fee level. Notice of any increase or reduction shall be given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Affected Underlying 
Asset" 
An Underlying Asset that is affected (directly or indirectly) by any 
form of Market Disruption, Commodity Disruption, Currency 
Disruption, Fund Event, Changed Calculation, Correction, 
Extraordinary Event, Change in Law, Increased Costs of Hedging 
or Hedging Disruption. If the Underlying Asset comprises a basket 
of Basket Components, the Affected Underlying Asset(s) shall 
only be the relevant Basket Component(s) which are affected. 
"Agent" 
Means the Registrar, Fiscal Agent and any other agent appointed 
by the Issuer from time to time in respect of the Instruments. 
"Barrier Level" 
With respect to one or more Underlying Assets means either the 
value specified in the Final Terms or a percentage of: (i) the most 
recent official closing price for such Underlying Asset(s) quoted 
in the relevant Reference Source(s), (ii) the Financing Level or (iii) 
the Strike Price, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. If Determination Dates are specified in the Final Terms, 
the Barrier Level will be recalculated on each such specified date 
(each a "Determination Date") and will apply until the 
immediately following Determination Date. 
"Barrier Reference 
Price" 
Either: (a) any of the transaction prices during continuous trading 
listed on a Reference Source, commencing on the Listing Date up 
to and including the Expiration Date, or (b) the last trade price 
during continuous trading on a Reference Source on the Expiration 
Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the 
right to determine whether a price is reasonable and may thereby 
constitute a Barrier Reference Price. 
"Base Rate" 
Either: (i) CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, 
MOSPRIME, WIBOR, HIBOR, TIBOR or such other base rate 
designated as the relevant base rate in the Final Terms as published 
on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page on the relevant day (or 
through such other system or on such other screen page as replaces 
the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available, the Issuer's assessment of the relevant 
rate of interest, provided that if "Base Rate Floor" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall not be less than zero, 
(ii) zero or (iii) a fixed rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Base Rate 1" 
CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, MOSPRIME, 
WIBOR, HIBOR, TIBOR or such other base rate designated as the 
relevant base rate in the Final Terms provided that if "Base Rate 
Floor" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall 
not be less than zero. 
"Base Rate 2" 
CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, MOSPRIME, 
WIBOR, HIBOR, TIBOR or such other base rate designated as the

--- Page 69 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 69 - 
70-41006567 
 
relevant base rate in the Final Terms provided that if "Base Rate 
Floor" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, such rate shall 
not be less than zero. 
"Base Rate Margin" 
The base rate margin stated in the Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right to increase or decrease the Base Rate Margin in its sole 
discretion, at any time, by notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Basket" 
Means the basket of Underlying Assets specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Basket Component" 
Each of the Underlying Assets included in a Basket. 
"Basket Component 
Currency" 
For each Basket Component, the currency in which the Basket 
Component Reference Price is determined. 
"Basket Component 
Exchange Rate" 
For each Basket Component, the exchange rate between the Basket 
Component Currency and the Reference Currency which is 
determined by the Issuer, in its sole discretion, by reference to the 
Exchange Rate Reference Source at the Exchange Rate Reference 
Time. 
"Basket Component 
Reference Price" 
The price for each Basket Component, calculated in accordance 
with the Reference Price Determination Method. 
"Basket Component 
Weight" 
Means the weight for each Basket Component specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Basket Floor" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Participation" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Value" 
means: 
(A) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Cash Component; and 
(ii) 
the Closing Price of the Long Asset multiplied by 
the Basket Weight of the Long Asset; and 
(B) 
the Closing Price of the Short Asset multiplied by the 
Basket Weight of the Short Asset. 
"Basket Weight" 
means the weight of the relevant Underlying Asset as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Benchmark Event" 
means: 
(A) 
the Affected Reference Rate has ceased to be published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark 
ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Affected 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Affected Reference Rate) it 
has ceased or will cease publishing such Affected 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Affected Reference Rate that such Affected 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 70 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 70 - 
70-41006567 
 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of Affected Reference Rate that means that such Affected 
Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Instruments; or 
(E)        a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Affected Reference Rate that, in the view 
of such supervisor: (i) such Affected Reference Rate is or 
will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying 
market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Affected 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, become unlawful for the Issuer or any agent or 
third party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Holder using Affected Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), 
(C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until 
the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Business Day" 
A day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday and 
on which the European settlement payment system TARGET 
(Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer) is available for the settlement of payments in the 
Currency and on which banks in the country in which any measure, 
including payment, trading, purchase, or exercise with respect to 
one or more Underlying Assets is to be taken are open to the 
public, (with the exception of business hours for internet services 
only).  
 
With respect to payments relating to Instruments which are 
registered with Euroclear Sweden, Business Days shall be deemed 
to comprise days on which commercial banks and currency 
markets are generally able to execute payments in Stockholm. 
 
With respect to payments relating to instruments which are 
registered with Euroclear Finland, Business Days shall be deemed 
to comprise days on which commercial banks and currency 
markets are generally able to execute payments in Helsinki. 
 
With respect to payment relating to VPS Instruments, Business 
Days shall be deemed to comprise days when Norwegian banks 
may carry our transactions in foreign currency, and when the 
Norwegian central bank's settlement-system is open. 
 
With respect to payments relating to instruments which are 
registered with VP, Business Days shall be deemed to comprise 
days on which commercial banks and currency markets are 
generally able to execute payments in Copenhagen. 
"Business Day 
Convention" 
Means the convention which will be applied in order to adjust a 
relevant day specified in the Conditions if such day should fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day. The adjustment can be made in

--- Page 71 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 71 - 
70-41006567 
 
accordance with any of the following conventions, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
Following Business Day: If an Interest Payment Date or 
other relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Business 
Day, it shall be postponed until the following Business 
Day. 
 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day: If an Interest Payment 
Date or another relevant day occurs on a day which is not 
a Business Day, it shall be postponed until the following 
Business Day in the same calendar month if that is 
possible. If not possible, the Interest Payment Date or 
another relevant day shall be deemed to occur on the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day: If an Interest Payment Date or 
another relevant day occurs on a day which is not a 
Business Day it shall be deemed to occur on the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Cap" 
Means the level specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cap Strike" 
Means the level specified in the Final Terms. 
"Cash Component" 
Means the amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"CHF" 
The Swiss franc or the currency which may have replaced the 
Swiss franc as legal tender in Switzerland. 
"CIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11:00am CET on the 
relevant day is published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page for 
the relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) 
or – where such quotation is not available (ii) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to (a) the average of the rates of 
interest offered by Reference Banks to leading commercial banks 
in Denmark for deposits in DKK for the period in question on the 
interbank market in Copenhagen or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of 
interest offered by leading commercial banks in Copenhagen for 
loans in DKK for the relevant period on the interbank market in 
Copenhagen. 
"Clearing System" 
The Clearing System through which an Instrument is settled. 
"Closing Price" 
The price: (i) determined in accordance with the determination 
method specified in the Final Terms, or (ii), following an Early 
Expiration Event or Stop Loss Event, the price determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event) or 
Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), as applicable, and the Final 
Terms. 
"Closing Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated, as 
specified in the Final Terms or, where Closing Date Determination 
is specified as applicable in the relevant the Final Terms, the Issuer 
may determine a Closing Price Determination Date not earlier than 
one (1) week after the Issue Date, such date may occur not earlier 
than the Number of Closing Date Business Days after notice 
regarding determination of a Closing Price Determination Date 
was sent to the Holder and to the marketplace (if any) on which 
the Instrument is listed or admitted to trading. 
"Closing Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Closing 
Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms to and

--- Page 72 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 72 - 
70-41006567 
 
including the final Closing Price Determination Date specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Continuous 
Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Reference Price is observed continuously 
on each Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation 
Period which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Coupon" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Barrier Level" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Level" 
Means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Crossing Currency" 
Means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Currency" 
DKK, CHF, EUR, GBP, HKD, JPY, NOK, PLN, RUB, SEK, USD 
or such other currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Currency Disruption" 
Means an event specified in Condition 9(c) (Currency Disruption). 
"Day Calculation 
Method" 
 
Means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day calculation method 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one 
Regular Period, the sum of: 
 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided

--- Page 73 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 73 - 
70-41006567 
 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap years, 366; 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Calculation Method = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
where  
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
Day Calculation Method  
 
where  
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 74 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 74 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Calculation Method =  
 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+[30×(M2 - M1)]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
 
where 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the date fixed for redemption or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in 
the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first 
day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
 
"Regular Period" Means:  
 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments where interest or yield is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from but excluding the Issue Date to and 
including the first Interest Payment Date or Yield 
Payment Date and each successive period from but 
excluding one Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment 
Date to and including the next Interest Payment Date or 
Yield Payment Date (as applicable); 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first 
Interest Period or Yield Period, interest or yield is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from but excluding a Regular Date falling in 
any year to and including the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date or Yield 
Payment Date (as applicable) falls; and

--- Page 75 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 75 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest 
Period or Yield Period other than the first Interest Period 
or Yield Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from but 
excluding a Regular Date falling in any year to and 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date or Yield Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period or Yield 
Period; 
"DKK" 
The Danish krone or the currency which may have replaced the 
Danish krona as legal tender in Denmark. 
"Disrupted Trading 
Day" 
In conjunction with the determination of a Reference Price for one 
or more Underlying Assets which do not constitute a currency, a 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a Reference Source or Related 
Derivatives Market is not open for trading or does not publish a 
quoted price or on which a Market Disruption occurs. 
 
In conjunction with determination of an Initial Translation Rate, a 
Translation Rate or a Reference Price for one or more Underlying 
Assets which consist of a currency, a Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market is not 
open for trading or on which Currency Disruption occurs. 
"Dividend" 
Any regular cash dividend, as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion, for an Underlying Asset and for which the ex-dividend 
date falls either: (i) after the Issue Date and on or before the 
Expiration Date or (ii) in the case of Mini Futures and Unlimited 
Turbos only, and provided that "Cumulative Financing Level" or 
"Each Scheduled Trading Day" is not specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, during the period from (but excluding) one 
Financing Level Calculation Date up to (and including) the next 
following Financing Level Calculation Date. 
"Dividend Coupon" 
If "Dividend Coupon" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
accumulated dividends from the Underlying Asset(s) shall be paid 
on the Dividend Coupon Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Dividend Coupon Date" 
A day when a Dividend Coupon is paid, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Dividend 
Reinvestment" 
If "Dividend Reinvestment" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms dividends from the Underlying Asset(s) received by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in its capacity as holder of the 
Underlying Asset(s), or as party to any Hedge Transaction, will, 
after deduction of such costs and taxes, if any, as the Issuer or the 
relevant affiliate determines in its sole discretion be reinvested in 
the Underlying Asset(s) or relevant Hedge Transaction(s). 
"Dividend Reinvestment 
Date" 
The date when accumulated dividends from Underlying Asset(s) 
are reinvested in the Underlying Asset(s), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Early Expiration Date" 
A day on which an Early Expiration Event occurs. 
"Early Expiration 
Event" 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an event 
which does not constitute an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading 
Event as determined by the Issuer, and which occurs at any time 
during a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Trading 
Day, commencing on the Listing Date or Issue Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) up to and including the Expiration 
Date, which means that the Barrier Reference Price for any

--- Page 76 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 76 - 
70-41006567 
 
Underlying Asset listed on a Reference Source is, in the Issuer's 
opinion, either equal to or lower (in respect of Call Warrants, Call 
Market Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, 
Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) 
or equal to or higher (in respect of Put Warrants, Put Market 
Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants Unlimited 
Turbos Short or Bear Certificates) than the Barrier Level. 
"EUR" 
The currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
"EURIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11:00am CET on the 
relevant date is published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page for 
the relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) 
or – where such quotation is not available – (ii) at the 
aforementioned time, pursuant to notice from the Issuer, 
corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
European Reference Banks to leading commercial banks in Europe 
for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the period in question or, if 
only one or no such quotation is offered: (b) the Issuer's 
assessment of the rate of interest offered by leading commercial 
banks in Europe for loans of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant 
period on the interbank market in Europe. 
"European Reference 
Banks" 
Four major commercial banks which, at the time in question, offer 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR or CIBOR, and which are 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Exchange Business Day 
Convention" 
Means the convention which will be used to adjust a relevant day 
(as specified in the Final Terms) where such day occurs on a day 
which is not a Scheduled Trading Day. The adjustment may be 
made in accordance with any of the conventions stated below: 
 
(i) 
Following Exchange Business Day: Where a relevant day 
occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it 
shall be postponed until the next Exchange Business Day. 
 
(ii) 
Modified Following Exchange Business Day: Where a 
relevant day occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, it shall be postponed until the next 
Scheduled Trading Day, unless the next Scheduled 
Trading Day occurs during the next calendar month, in 
which case the relevant day shall occur immediately prior 
to the Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
(iii) 
Preceding Exchange Business Day: Where a relevant day 
occurs on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day, it 
shall instead occur on the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
If no Exchange Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Following Exchange Business Day 
Convention will apply. 
"Exchange Rate 
Reference Source" 
The exchange rate reference source as specified in the Final Terms 
or such other exchange rate reference source that is, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, the most appropriate. 
"Exchange Rate 
Reference Time" 
The time specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Expiration Date" 
Means the date specified in the Final Terms and these Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 77 - 
70-41006567 
 
"Expiration Date 
Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Level is observed on the Expiration Date. 
"Extraordinary 
Suspension of Trading 
Event" 
An event which, in the Issuer's opinion, would otherwise constitute 
an Early Expiration Event in respect of a given Instrument but 
which, in light of the fact that a Listing Date has not yet occurred 
with respect to the relevant Instrument or that no trading in the 
Instrument has yet taken place, in the Issuer's opinion will instead 
result in postponement of the Listing Date or in trading in the 
Instrument being restricted. 
"Financing Level" 
Means initially, the level specified in the Final Terms. On each 
Financing Level Calculation Date thereafter, the Financing Level 
will be equal to the Financing Level on the previous Financing 
Level Calculation Date plus the Accumulated Financing. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Financing Level may be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Condition 9(f) (Adjustments).  
"Financing Level 
Calculation Date 
Means either the date(s) specified in the Final Terms or, if 
"Cumulative Financing Level" is specified, a level calculated on 
each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day 
commencing on the Listing Date and up to and including the 
Expiration Date. 
"Floor" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Floor Strike" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund" 
The Fund specified as the Underlying Asset in the Final Terms. 
"GBP" 
The British pound or such currency as may have replaced the 
British pound as legal tender in Great Britain. 
"Gearing" 
Means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Hedge Transaction" 
Means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, 
the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) 
in respect of the Instruments or any hypothetical transaction or 
trading position relating to the Issuer's obligations or positions 
(whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Instruments, as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"HIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. HKT on the 
relevant day is published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page (or 
through such other system or on such other screen page as replaces 
the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned time 
corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
the Reference Banks for deposits in HKD for the period in question 
on the interbank market in Hong Kong or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of 
interest offered by local commercial banks for loans in HKD for 
the relevant period on the interbank market in Hong Kong. 
"HKD" 
Hong Kong Dollars or such currency which may have replaced the 
Hong Kong Dollar as legal tender in Hong Kong. 
"Index" 
Means an Underlying Asset that is an index. 
"Index Sponsor" 
The corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index 
and (b) customarily announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the relevant Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 78 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 78 - 
70-41006567 
 
"Initial Accumulated 
Value" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price Higher" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price Lower" 
A price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated in 
connection with the determination of an Initial Price, as stated in 
the Final Terms. 
"Initial Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Initial 
Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms up to and 
including the final Initial Price Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Initial Translation 
Rate" 
Either: (a) the value specified in the Final Terms, or (b) the 
exchange rate for conversion of the Listing Currency to the 
Reference Currency in accordance with the Exchange Rate 
Reference Source at the Exchange Rate Reference Time on (i) the 
first or last Scheduled Trading Day during the Initial Price 
Determination Period as specified in the Final Terms or (ii) on the 
Initial Price Determination Date, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Instruments" 
Warrants or Certificates issued pursuant to this Programme. 
"Interest" 
The interest to be paid per Underlying Amount on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Determination 
Date(s)" 
The date or dates specified in the Final Terms or, if no date is 
specified, the date occurring two Business Days before the first 
day in each Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment 
Date(s)" 
The dates specified as such in the Final Terms subject to any 
Business Day Convention as set out in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Period(s)" 
(i) For the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
Issue Date up to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, 
and (ii) for subsequent Interest Periods, the period commencing on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date until (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date, provided that, with respect to 
issuances of Swedish Instruments, the period which begins on (but 
excluding) the Issue Date and ends on (but including) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each period which begins on (but 
excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ends on (but including) 
the next Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Interest Period. 
"ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement" 
means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the First Tranche of the Instruments of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. 
"Issue Date" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"JPY" 
Japanese Yen or such currency which may have replaced the 
Japanese Yen as legal tender in Japan. 
"Leverage Factor" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. 
"LIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) at or about 11.00 GMT on the day in 
question is published on Reuter's Relevant Screen Page (or 
through such other system or on such other screen page as replaces 
the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available, the rate of interest which (ii) at the 
aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of

--- Page 79 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 79 - 
70-41006567 
 
interest offered by the Reference Banks for deposits in the relevant 
currency for the period in question on the interbank market in 
London or (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of interest offered 
by commercial banks in London for loans in the relevant currency 
for the relevant period on the interbank market in London. 
"Listing Currency"  
DKK, EUR, NOK, SEK, GBP, USD, PLN, CHF, RUB, HKD, JPY 
or another, in each case currency as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Listing Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if an 
Extraordinary Suspension of Trading Event has occurred and is, in 
the Issuer's opinion, continuing, such later date as the Issuer may 
determine. In the case of Instruments which are not listed or 
admitted to trading, the Listing Date shall be the Issue Date. 
"Long Asset" 
Means the Underlying Asset specified as the Long Asset in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Management 
Company" 
Means in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to 
provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or 
not specified under law or the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements, 
applicable to the Fund, including any fund adviser, fund 
administrator, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person 
specified as such in the Final Terms 
"Management Fee" 
A fee stated in the Final Terms. Management Fees represent a cost 
charged by the Issuer in respect of administration and risk 
management. 
"Market Disruption" 
Means an event specified in Condition 9(a) (Market Disruption). 
"Market Maker" 
Means the Issuer, acting in its capacity as market maker (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in respect of the Instruments. 
 
The Market Maker intends, under normal market conditions, to 
publish buy and sell rates for such number of trading posts as 
decided upon by the Market Maker from time to time. For 
Instruments which have a theoretical price which is lower than the 
lowest tick-size, no buy rate is normally quoted. 
"Material Price 
Percentage" 
The value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest 
Amount" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest 
Rate" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Max Level" 
A price stated in the Final Terms. 
"Minimum Amount" 
An amount stated in the Final Terms. 
"MOSPRIME" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. Moscow time 
on the relevant day published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page 
(or through such other system or on such other screen page as 
replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned time 
corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
the Reference Banks for deposits in RUB for the period in question 
on the interbank market in Moscow or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of

--- Page 80 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 80 - 
70-41006567 
 
interest offered by local commercial banks for loans in RUB for 
the relevant period on the interbank market in Moscow. 
"Multiplier" 
A factor stated in the Final Terms. If no factor is stated in the Final 
Terms, the Multiplier shall be 1. 
"NIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) is determined at or about 12.00 CET 
on the relevant day and is published on the Reuter's Relevant 
Screen Page for the relevant period (or through such other system 
or on such other screen page as replaces the aforementioned 
system or screen page) or, where such quotation is not available 
(ii) at the aforementioned time corresponds to: (a) the average of 
the rates of interest offered by the Reference Banks for deposits in 
NOK for the period in question on the interbank market in Oslo or, 
if only one or no such quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's 
assessment of the rate of interest offered by local commercial 
banks for loans in NOK for the relevant period on the interbank 
market in Oslo. 
"NOK" 
The Norwegian krone or such currency as may have replaced the 
Norwegian krone as legal tender in Norway. 
"Nordnet Agreement" 
Has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Nordnet Termination 
Event" 
Means a termination of the Nordnet Agreement; 
"Number of Closing 
Date Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, five (5) 
Business Days. 
"Number of Expiration 
Date Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, five (5) 
Business Days. 
"Number of Redemption 
Business Days" 
Means the number of Business Days prior to the Redemption Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, if a number of Business 
days is not specified, five (5) Business Days. 
"Number of Trading 
Hours" 
Means the number of trading hours specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Observation Date" 
Means an Observation Start Date or an Observation End Date, as 
applicable. 
"Observation Day for 
Barrier Level(s)" 
The observations day(s) for the Barrier Level, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Observation Start 
Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation End Date" 
Means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" 
Means the period commencing on, and including, the Observation 
Start Date and ending on, and including, the Observation End 
Date. 
"Participation Rate" 
Means the value stated in the Final Terms. If no value is stated in 
the Final Terms, the Participation Rate shall be 100%. 
"PLN" 
Polish zloty or such currency which may have replace the Polish 
zloty as legal tender in Poland. 
"Potential Adjustment 
Event" 
Means (i) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of 
relevant Underlying Asset(s) or a free distribution or dividend of 
any such Underlying Assets to existing holders whether by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or (ii) a distribution, issue or 
dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Assets or

--- Page 81 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 81 - 
70-41006567 
 
(iii) a call by the issuer of the Underlying Assets (the "Underlying 
Company") in respect of any Underlying Assets that are not fully 
paid; or (iv) a repurchase by the Underlying Company or any of 
its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Assets whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or (v) any other event 
that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the relevant Underlying Asset(s). 
"Pre-determined 
Observation" 
Means that the Barrier Level is observed on certain pre-determined 
dates specified in the Final Terms. 
"Rate Option" 
Means the provisions for determining the relevant interest rate, as 
specified in Section 7.1 (Rate Options) of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
"Redemption" 
The right of an investor to request early redemption of 
Instruments, if applicable. 
"Redemption Date(s)" 
Means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Fee" 
A fee charged by the Issuer for processing applications for 
redemption, and which shall not exceed the amount specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Price" 
The value as specified in the Final Terms or, if "Cumulative 
Redemption Price" is specified, the Redemption Price will be a 
price calculated on each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day (a "Redemption Price Calculation 
Date"), commencing on the Listing Date and up to and including 
the Expiration Date. The start value for the Redemption Price on 
the Listing Date is Redemption Price Start. On each Redemption 
Price Calculation Date thereafter, the Redemption Price will be 
equal to the Redemption Price on the previous Redemption Price 
Calculation Date plus the Accumulated Financing.  
"Redemption Price 
Start" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" 
Four major commercial banks which, at the time in question, offer 
the relevant Base Rate and which are selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Currency" 
The currency in which a Reference Price is determined. 
"Reference Price" 
Means one of the following, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
 
(i) 
The price for the Underlying Asset, calculated by the 
Issuer in accordance with an applicable Reference Price 
Determination Method; or 
 
(ii) 
where the Underlying Asset is a Basket: 
 
i
i
n
i
i
V
KV
KR
RK



 
 
Where  
 
RK 
= 
Reference Price 
 
KRi 
= 
Basket Component Reference Price for Basket 
Component "I", provided that if the Basket comprises a 
cash component, the Reference Price for that cash 
component shall be the relevant cash amount. 
 
KVi 
= 
Basket 
Component 
weight 
for 
Basket 
Component "i"

--- Page 82 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 82 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
Vi 
= 
Basket Component Exchange Rate for Basket 
Component "i" 
 
or  
 
(iii) 
all of the most recent transaction prices listed by a 
Reference Source for the Underlying Asset during 
continuous trading commencing on and including the 
Listing Date up to and including the Expiration Date; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of the prices for the Underlying 
Asset, calculated by the Issuer in accordance with an 
applicable Reference Price Determination Method, on 
each Scheduled Trading Day during the Reference Price 
Determination Period which is not a Disrupted Trading 
Day. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated, as 
stated in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first 
Reference Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms 
up to and including the final Reference Price Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Price 
Determination Method" 
The price determination method which is stated in the Final Terms, 
which may comprise any of the following: 
 
(i) 
Official Closing: the official closing price for an 
Underlying Asset listed on a market place which is 
determined to be a Reference Source by the Issuer, in its 
sole discretion;  
 
(ii) 
Fixing: the price which is calculated and published on a 
specific Reference Source set out in the Final Terms; or 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: the price of one or more Underlying 
Assets on a Reference Source at a time stated in the Final 
Terms ("Valuation Time"). 
"Reference Rate" 
Means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Source" 
The regulated market(s), multilateral trading facility(s), other 
marketplace(s) or other reference sources on which, in the Issuer's 
opinion, an Underlying Asset is primarily traded, listed or quoted 
from time to time. 
"Related Derivatives 
Market" 
The regulated market(s), multilateral trading facility(s), other 
marketplace(s) or other reference sources on which, in the Issuer's 
opinion, options or futures contracts regarding an Underlying 
Asset are primarily traded or listed from time to time. 
"Relevant Nominating 
Body" 
Means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof or (iii) the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association;

--- Page 83 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 83 - 
70-41006567 
 
"Replacement 
Underlying Asset" 
An alternative Underlying Asset which the Issuer chooses in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Reuter's Relevant 
Screen Page" 
The screen page specified in the Final Terms. 
"Roll Date(s)" 
The date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"RUB" 
Russian roubles or such currency which may have replaced the 
Russian rouble as legal tender in Russia. 
"SEK" 
The Swedish krona or such currency as may have replaced the 
Swedish krona as legal tender in Sweden. 
"Settlement Amount" 
The settlement amount in respect of the relevant Instruments, as 
calculated in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Settlement Date" 
The date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading 
Day" 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms and irrespective of 
whether Market Disruption has occurred, in respect of: (a) each 
Underlying Asset which comprises a share/depositary receipt, 
share index or any other type of Underlying Asset which is traded 
on an exchange or marketplace, a day on which: 
 
(i) 
trading is scheduled to take place in an Underlying Asset 
on a Reference Source and on a Related Derivatives 
Market; and/or 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of the index and, in respect of each Underlying Asset 
for which a price is published, a day on which the price 
for such an Underlying Asset is scheduled to be 
published, or will be published and, in respect of an 
Underlying Asset which comprises a fund or a fund index, 
a day on which the value of the Underlying Asset or units 
of an Underlying Asset is scheduled to be published and, 
in respect of any other Underlying Asset and/or Basket 
Component, a day specified in the Final Terms, 
 
(b) in respect of each Underlying Asset which is a currency, a day 
on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre for the relevant currency, 
which in the case of euro shall be a TARGET Settlement Day, and 
(c) in respect of each Underlying Asset which is an exchange rate, 
a day on which the price for such exchange rate is scheduled to be 
published on the Reference Source specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Short Asset" 
Means the Underlying Asset specified as the "Short Asset" in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Specific Early 
Redemption" 
The right of the Issuer to redeem Instruments early in accordance 
with the Conditions, if applicable. 
"Specific Early 
Redemption Date" 
The day on which the Issuer makes a Specific Early Redemption 
of Instruments. 
"Spread" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) at 11:00am CET on the day in 
question is published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page for the 
relevant period (or through such other system or on such other 
screen page as replaces the aforementioned system or screen page) 
or – where such quotation is not available (ii) at the 
aforementioned time, corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates

--- Page 84 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 84 - 
70-41006567 
 
of interest offered by the Reference Banks for deposits of SEK 
100,000,000 for the period in question on the interbank market in 
Stockholm or, if only one or no such quotation is offered (b) the 
rate of interest which, in the Issuer's assessment, local commercial 
banks offer for loans in SEK for the relevant period on the 
interbank market in Stockholm. 
"Stop Loss Buffer" 
Means, initially, the level specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
thereafter shall be such level as may be determined by the Issuer 
from time to time, provided that such level may not exceed the 
Maximum Stop Loss Buffer (if any) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the Issuer shall notify holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable following any 
adjustment of the Stop Loss Buffer. 
"Stop Loss Event" 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an event 
which does not constitute an Extraordinary Suspension of Trading 
Event as determined by the Issuer, and which occurs at any time 
on a Scheduled Trading Day, which is not a Disrupted Trading 
Day, during the Stop Loss Observation Period, which means that 
the Stop Loss Reference Price for any Underlying Asset listed on 
a Reference Source is, in the Issuer's opinion, equal to or either 
equal to or lower (in respect of Call Warrants, Call Market 
Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, Mini 
Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) or 
equal to or higher (in respect of Put Warrants, Put Market 
Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants, Mini 
Futures Short, Unlimited Turbos Short and Bear Certificates) than 
the Stop Loss Level. 
"Stop Loss Level" 
Means initially the level specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
thereafter means the product of either: 
(i) 
the Reference Price, or 
(ii) 
the Financing Level, or 
(iii) 
the most recent official closing price for the Underlying 
Asset quoted on the Reference Source, 
and the result obtained by either: 
(i) 
subtracting the Stop Loss Buffer from 100% (in respect 
of Call Warrants, Call Market Warrants, Long Market 
Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, Mini Futures Short, 
Unlimited Turbos Short or Bull Certificates), or 
(ii) 
adding the Stop Loss Buffer to 100% (in respect of Put 
Warrants, Put Market Warrants, Short Market Warrants, 
Turbo Put Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited 
Turbos Long and Bear Certificates), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, on each Stop 
Loss Rollover Date, rounded to 4 decimal places. 
"Stop Loss Observation 
Period" 
Means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Reference 
Price" 
Either: (a) all of the most recent transaction prices during 
continuous trading listed on a Reference Source, commencing on 
the Listing Date up to and including the Expiration Date, (b) the 
last trade price during continuous trading on a Reference Source 
on the Expiration Date, or (c) in case of a Mini Future Basket 
Long, the value observed by the Issuer commencing on the Listing 
Date up to and including the Expiration Date as being the sum of 
(i) the Cash Component, (ii) the most recent transaction prices of

--- Page 85 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 85 - 
70-41006567 
 
the Long Asset during continuous trading listed on a Reference 
Source multiplied by the Basket Weight of the Long Asset and (iii) 
the most recent transaction prices of the Short Asset during 
continuous trading listed on a Reference Source multiplied by the 
Basket Weight of the Short Asset, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and, in each case, as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Issuer 
reserves the right to determine whether a price is reasonable and 
may thereby constitute a Stop Loss Reference Price. 
"Stop Loss Rollover 
Date(s)" 
Means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Trigger 
Date" 
A date on which a Stop Loss Event occurs. 
"Strike Level" 
The value specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Price" 
As stated in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Price 
Determination Date(s)" 
The day or the days on which Reference Price(s) are calculated in 
connection with the determination of a Strike Price, as stated in 
the Final Terms. 
"Strike Price 
Determination Period" 
Each Scheduled Trading Day from and including the first Strike 
Price Determination Date specified in the Final Terms up to and 
including the final Strike Price Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Successor Rate" 
means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Affected Reference Rate (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of such Affected Reference Rate) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET2" 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilises a 
single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto. 
"TARGET Settlement 
Day" 
means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
"TIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. JST on the 
relevant day published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page (or 
through such other system or on such other screen page as replaces 
the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned time 
corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
the Reference Banks for deposits in JPY for the period in question 
on the interbank market in Tokyo or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of 
interest offered by local commercial banks for loans in JPY for the 
relevant period on the interbank market in Tokyo. 
"Trading Hour" 
Means an hour during which the Reference Source publishes 
official prices for the Underlying Asset. 
"Trading Lot" 
A number or amount stated in the Final Terms. 
"Translation Rate" 
The exchange rate for conversion of the Listing Currency into the 
Reference Currency, as determined by reference to the average of 
the latest bid and ask prices for the Listing Currency and the 
Reference Currency published on the Exchange Rate Reference 
Source at the Exchange Rate Reference Time on each Valuation

--- Page 86 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 86 - 
70-41006567 
 
Date, as set out in the Final Terms. If "Cross Rate" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in respect of such 
Translation Rate, the rate shall be determined by converting an 
amount in the Listing Currency into the Crossing Currency and 
then converting the resultant amount from the Crossing Currency 
into the Reference Currency, in each case as determined by 
reference to the average of the latest bid and ask prices for the 
Listing Currency, the Crossing Currency and the Reference 
Currency published on the Exchange Rate Reference Source at the 
Exchange Rate Reference Time on each Valuation Date, as set out 
in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Amount" 
The amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Asset" 
Securities, indices, interest rates, exchange rates, fund units, 
commodities, futures contracts, forward contracts, currencies, 
cash amounts or baskets thereof, or combinations of, or 
relationships between, assets, as stated in the Final Terms. 
"USD" 
The American dollar or such currency as may have replaced the 
American dollar as legal tender in the United States of America. 
"Valuation Date" 
An Initial Price Determination Date, Closing Price Determination 
Date or another day on which a Reference Price or Basket 
Component Reference Price is calculated in connection with the 
determination of a Settlement Amount, Redemption Price, Interest 
Amount or Yield Amount in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" 
As stated in the Final Terms or, unless otherwise stated, the time 
of day when the calculation referred to in the definition of 
Valuation Date is made by the institution which, as determined by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion, calculates and, where applicable, 
publishes a relevant reference price or value. The Issuer reserves 
the right to change the Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
by giving no fewer than 2 calendar days' notice thereof to Holders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"VP account" 
A securities account at a Clearing System on which a respective 
Holder's holdings of Instruments are registered. 
"WIBOR" 
The rate of interest which (i) on or about 11.00 a.m. CET on the 
relevant day is published on the Reuter's Relevant Screen Page (or 
through such other system or on such other screen page as replaces 
the aforementioned system or screen page) or, where such 
quotation is not available (ii) at the aforementioned time 
corresponds to: (a) the average of the rates of interest offered by 
the Reference Banks for deposits in PLN for the period in question 
on the interbank market in Warsaw or, if only one or no such 
quotation is offered, (b) the Issuer's assessment of the rate of 
interest offered by local commercial banks for loans in PLN for 
the relevant period on the interbank market in Warsaw. 
"X" 
As specified in the Final Terms. 
"Yield Amount" 
The amount that shall be paid per Underlying Amount on each 
Yield Payment Day. 
"Yield Determination 
Date(s)" 
The day or days specified in the Final Terms, or, if no date has 
been specified, the day two Business Days prior to the first day in 
every Yield Period. 
"Yield Payment Date" 
Means each day specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Yield Period(s)" 
(i) the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the first Yield Payment Date and (ii) in relation to the 
next Yield Periods, the period beginning on (and including) a

--- Page 87 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 87 - 
70-41006567 
 
Yield Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Yield Payment 
Date, however, as regards Swedish Instruments, the period 
beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the initial Yield Payment Date and each period 
beginning on (but excluding) a Yield Payment Date and ending on 
(and including) the next Yield Payment Date shall be the relevant 
Yield Period. 
 
2. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form  
Instruments, other than VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish 
Instruments, are issued in registered form and are serially numbered. 
The VP Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Danish Capital Markets Act Consolidated Act No. 931 of 6 September 2019, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (Kapitalmarkedsloven), the Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 
October 2017, as amended from time to time (Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver 
i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish Executive Order"), and part 3 of the VP Rule Book 
dated 1 October 2019, as amended from time to time (the "VP Rule Book"). 
The VPS Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Norwegian Act on Central Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement Act 2019 (in 
Norwegian: lov om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv. 2019 15. mars nr. 6) (the "CSD 
Act"). 
The Swedish Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended. 
Finnish Instruments are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991)), as amended, as well as the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Form of Registered Instruments 
Instruments issued in registered form ("Registered Instruments") will be in substantially the form 
(subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Form of VP Instruments 
A Tranche or a Series of Instruments (as the case may be), if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms may be cleared and settled through the VP in accordance with Danish laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VP for the time being (the "VP Rules"). 
The VP Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these 
Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Danish laws, regulations and 
VP Rules. No physical Instruments or certificates will be issued in respect of the VP Instruments 
and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such 
physical VP Instruments or certificates shall not apply to the VP Instruments. 
(d) 
Form of VPS Instruments 
The VPS Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these 
Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euronext VPS for the time being (the 
"VPS Rules"). No physical VPS Instruments or certificates will be issued in respect of the VPS 
Instruments and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or 
replacement of such physical Instruments or certificates shall not apply to the VPS Instruments.

--- Page 88 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 88 - 
70-41006567 
 
(e) 
Form of Swedish Instruments 
The Swedish Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these 
Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden for the time being (the 
"Euroclear Sweden Rules"). No physical Swedish Instruments or certificates will be issued in 
respect of the Swedish Instruments and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, 
surrender or replacement of such physical Swedish Instruments or certificates shall not apply to 
the Swedish Instruments. 
(f) 
Form of Finnish Instruments 
The Finnish Instruments shall be regarded as Registered Instruments for the purposes of these 
Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Finnish laws, regulations and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the 
"Euroclear Finland Rules"). No physical Finnish Instruments will be issued in respect of the 
Finnish Instruments and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or 
replacement of such physical Finnish Instruments shall not apply to the Finnish Instruments. 
(g) 
Currency of Instruments 
Instruments may be issued in any currency subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
(h) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may in certain circumstances consolidate the Instruments with one or more further 
Tranches of Instruments of the same Series, as described in Condition 21 (Further Issues) below. 
3. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and 
Finnish Instruments 
Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. References herein to the "Instrumentholders" or 
"Holders" of Registered Instruments signify the persons in whose names such Instruments are so 
registered. 
Title to the VP Instruments shall pass by registration in the register (the "Danish Instrument 
Register") maintained by the VP Issuing Agent in accordance with the VP Rules. The Issuer shall 
be entitled to obtain information from VP in accordance with the VP Rules. Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VP 
Instrument shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to VP Instruments only, 
"Instrument Holder" or "Instrument" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name 
a VP Instrument is registered in the Danish Instrument Register and shall also include any person 
duly authorised to act as a nominee and registered as a holder of the VP Instruments. If the 
Instruments of such Tranche cease to be registered in the VP, Nordea Bank Abp as account holding 
institute for the duly registered owners shall supply the VP Issuing Agent with all necessary 
information with regard to such duly registered owners and the VP Issuing Agent shall enter such 
information into the Danish Instrument Register. 
Title to the VPS Instruments shall pass by registration in the register (the "VPS Register") in 
accordance with the Norwegian VPS Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
Euronext VPS in accordance with the VPS Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VPS Instrument shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to VPS Instruments only, "Instrument 
Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a VPS Instrument

--- Page 89 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 89 - 
70-41006567 
 
is registered in the VPS Register and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a 
nominee (forvalter) and registered as a holder of the VPS Instruments. 
Title to the Swedish Instruments shall pass by registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden (the "Euroclear Sweden Register"). Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Swedish 
Instrument shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder. In these Conditions in relation to Swedish Instruments 
only, "Instrument Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name 
a Swedish Instrument is registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register and shall also include any 
person duly authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as a holder of the Swedish 
Instruments. 
Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Instruments. 
Title to the Finnish Instruments shall pass by registration in the book-entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Finland. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Finnish Instrument shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Holder. References herein to the "Instrument Holders" or "Holders" of Finnish Instruments 
means, as the context requires, persons in whose name the Finnish Instruments are registered in 
Euroclear Finland's register. 
The Holder of any Instrument will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, 
or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments 
and Finnish Instruments 
Registered Instruments 
A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is equal to a 
whole number of Instruments) upon the surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified 
office of the Registrar. A new Registered Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the 
case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect 
of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Instruments will, upon 
the effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available 
for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar. For these purposes, a form of transfer received 
by the Registrar during the period of fifteen London Banking Days, ending on the due date for any 
payment on the relevant Registered Instruments shall be deemed not to be effectively received by 
the Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant 
of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges 
which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
VP Instruments 
One or more VP Instruments may be transferred in accordance with VP Rules. Each new VP 
Instrument to be issued shall be available for delivery within two business days of receipt of the 
request and the surrender of the VP Instruments for exchange. Delivery of the new VP 
Instrument(s) shall be made to the same VP account on which the original VP Instruments were

--- Page 90 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 90 - 
70-41006567 
 
registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS 
Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish Instruments) in relation to VP Instruments only, 
"business day" has the meaning ascribed to such term by the then applicable rules and procedures 
of the VP. 
Exchange and transfer of VP Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise 
of a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the VP Issuing Agent, 
but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it 
(or the giving of such indemnity as the VP Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VP Instrument to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable VP Rules. 
All transfers of VP Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such VP Instruments 
and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of the VP. The VP's rules and 
regulations may be downloaded from its website: http://www.vp.dk. 
VPS Instruments 
One or more VPS Instruments may be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules. In the case 
of an exercise of option resulting in VPS Instruments of the same holding having different terms, 
separate VPS Instruments registered with the VPS Register shall be issued in respect of those VPS 
Instruments of that holding having the same terms. Such VPS Instruments shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing VPS Instruments in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
Each new VPS Instrument to be issued pursuant to the above, shall be available for delivery within 
five business days of receipt of the request and the surrender of the VPS Instruments for exchange. 
Delivery of the new VPS Instrument(s) shall be made to the same Euronext VPS account on which 
the original VPS Instruments were registered. In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered 
Instruments, VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments and Finnish Instruments) in 
relation to VPS Instruments only, "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday 
on which Euronext VPS is open for business. 
Exchange and transfer of VPS Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise 
of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the VPS Paying Agent, 
but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it 
(or the giving of such indemnity as the VPS Paying Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VPS Instrument to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable VPS Rules. 
Swedish Instruments 
One or more Swedish Instruments may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Swedish Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Swedish Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may 
require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Swedish Instrument to be registered during any closed 
period pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
All transfers of Swedish Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Swedish 
Instruments and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Sweden. 
The 
Euroclear 
Sweden 
Rules 
may 
be 
downloaded 
from 
its 
website: 
http://www.euroclear.com. 
Finnish Instruments 
One or more Finnish Instruments may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Finnish Instruments on registration, transfer, partial redemption or

--- Page 91 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 91 - 
70-41006567 
 
exercise of a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Finnish Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Finnish Issuing Agent may 
require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Finnish Instrument to be registered during any closed 
period pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules. 
All transfers of Finnish Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Finnish 
Instruments and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Finland. Euroclear Finland's rules and regulations may be downloaded from its website: 
http://www.euroclear.com. 
4. 
Status 
The Instruments of each Series constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
5. 
Interest and Yield 
Instruments may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The amount of interest payable per Instrument on each Interest Payment Date, (the 
"Interest Amount") shall be calculated in accordance with one of the following alternatives as 
further specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, the 
Interest Amount will be an amount per Instrument and will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Instruments may be yield bearing or non-yield bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The amount of yield payable per Instrument on each Yield Payment Date, (the "Yield Amount") 
shall be calculated in accordance with one of the following alternatives as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, the Yield Amount will be an 
amount per Instrument and will be payable in arrear on each Yield Payment Date. 
(a) 
Cap/Floor 
If "Cap/Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount for the 
applicable Interest Period will be determined by multiplying the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the Interest Rate; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method. 
"Interest Rate" means the higher of: (i) zero and (ii) the Adjusted Reference Rate Return. 
"Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the product of the Gearing and the result obtained by 
subtracting the Strike Level from the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
"Gearing" means the value specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be negative). 
(b) 
Capped Floor Float 
Where "Capped Floor Float" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the applicable Interest Period will be determined by multiplying the Underlying 
Amount by: 
(i) 
the lower of the Cap Strike and the Adjusted Reference Rate Return; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method;

--- Page 92 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 92 - 
70-41006567 
 
The "Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the higher of: 
(i) 
the total of the Reference Rate and the Spread; and 
(ii) 
the Floor Strike. 
(c) 
Compounding Floater 
Where "Compounding Floater" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the relevant Interest Period will be paid on the Settlement Date and will equal the 
Underlying Amount multiplied by the Capitalised Interest Rate. 
"Capitalised Interest Rate" is the periodically capitalised Interest Rate, taking into account the 
applicable Day Calculation Method. 
"Interest Rate" is the lower of the Maximum Interest Rate and the Adjusted Reference Rate 
Return. 
"Adjusted Reference Rate Return" is the higher of: 
(i) 
The Floor, and 
(ii) 
The Gearing, multiplied by the sum of the Reference Price on the applicable Valuation 
Date and the Spread. 
"Spread" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Range Accrual 
Where the Term "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount for the applicable Interest Period comprises the amount obtained by multiplying the 
Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
X; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Proportion; and 
(iii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method. 
"X" is the value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Relevant Proportion" shall be calculated by dividing the number of days in the relevant 
Interest Period during which the Reference Price for the Underlying Asset or the Basket is lower 
than or equal to the Initial Price Higher and higher than or equal to the Initial Price Lower, by the 
total number of days during the applicable Interest Period. 
(e) 
Digital Long 
Where "Digital Long" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield Amount 
payable on each Yield Payment Date shall, if the Basket Return on any Yield Determination Date 
is equal to or exceeds the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms, be equal to the Underlying 
Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
Where the Basket Return does not equal or exceed the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms 
on any Yield Determination Date, the Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be 
zero. 
The "Basket Return" constitutes the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket 
Component in the Basket, provided that, if a "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Basket Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) 
the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket.

--- Page 93 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 93 - 
70-41006567 
 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing (i) the Closing Price for each Basket 
Component by (ii) its Initial Price, minus the Strike Level. 
The "Lowest Basket Return" means the level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Digital Short 
Where "Digital Short" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and provided that the Basket 
Return on any Yield Determination Date is equal to, or lower than, the Barrier Level specified in 
the Final Terms, the Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be equal to the 
Underlying Amount multiplied by the Coupon. 
Where the Basket Return is higher than the Barrier Level specified in the Final Terms on any Yield 
Determination Date, the Yield Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall be zero. 
"Basket Return" comprises the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in 
the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the amount obtained 
by dividing the Closing Price for each Underlying Asset by its Initial Price. 
(g) 
Basket Long 
Where "Basket Long" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield Amount 
payable on each Yield Payment Day shall comprise an amount obtained by multiplying the 
Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the Basket Return; and 
(ii) 
the Participation Rate. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket, provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Basket Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the total of the 
Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing (i) the Closing Price for each Basket 
Component (ii) by its Initial Price, minus the Strike Level. 
(h) 
Basket Short 
Where the Term "Basket Short" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Yield 
Amount payable on each Yield Payment Date shall comprise an amount obtained by multiplying 
the Underlying Amount by: 
(i) 
the Basket Return; and 
(ii) 
the Participation Rate. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation.

--- Page 94 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 94 - 
70-41006567 
 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by subtracting from the Strike Level the amount obtained 
by dividing the Closing Price for each Basket Component by its Initial Price. 
(i) 
Autocall coupon 
Where "Autocall Coupon" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and provided 
that the Basket Value on any Valuation Date is higher than, or equal to, the Coupon Barrier Level 
specified in the Final Terms, the Instruments shall pay a coupon (the "Coupon") on the 
immediately subsequent Yield Payment Date. The amount of such Coupon Payment shall be 
determined as follows. 
(i) 
Where "Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment shall comprise 
an amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the relevant Coupon 
Level; 
(ii) 
Where "Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment shall 
comprise an amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the relevant 
Coupon Level, multiplied by the number of immediately preceding Yield Payment Dates 
(up to and including the Yield Payment Date which immediately follows the applicable 
Yield Determination Date) in respect of which a Memory Coupon has not been paid; 
(iii) 
Where "Plus Flat Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment will 
comprise an amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the higher of: 
(a) the relevant Coupon Level and (b) the Bonus Factor; and 
(iv) 
Where "Plus Memory Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms, the Coupon Payment 
shall comprise an amount corresponding to the Underlying Amount multiplied by the 
higher of: (a) the relevant Coupon Level multiplied by the number of immediately 
preceding Yield Payment Dates (up to and including the Yield Payment Date which 
immediately follows the applicable Yield Determination Date) in respect of which a 
coupon has not been paid and (b) the Bonus Factor. 
The "Bonus Factor" and the "Basket Value" are: 
(i) 
Where "Basket Level" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Bonus Factor will 
amount to the Weighted Asset Return and the Basket Value will be the Basket Return plus 
the Strike Level; 
(ii) 
Where "Best/Worst Price" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Bonus Factor 
will amount to the Asset Return for the Nth best performing Underlying Asset and the 
Basket Value will be the Closing Price for the Nth best performing Basket Component on 
the relevant Valuation Date, divided by the Initial Price of the Nth best performing Basket 
Component. 
Where the Basket Value or the Asset Return for the Nth best performing Underlying Asset on any 
Valuation Date is below the Coupon Barrier Level, no Coupon will be paid out on the immediately 
following Yield Payment Date. 
The "Nth best performing" Basket Component will be the asset with the Nth highest Asset Return 
where "N" shall be a value specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The "Asset Return" is the result obtained by dividing the Closing Price for each Basket 
Component by its Initial Price, minus the relevant Strike Level. 
The "Basket Return" is the total of the Weighted Asset Return for each Basket Component in the 
Basket, provided that, where "Basket Floor" is specified in the Final Terms as applicable, the 
Basket Return shall be the higher of a) the Lowest Basket Return, and b) the sum of the Weighted 
Asset Return for each Basket Component in the Basket. 
The "Weighted Asset Return" comprises the Asset Return multiplied by the applicable Basket 
Participation.

--- Page 95 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 95 - 
70-41006567 
 
(j) 
Max Component 
Where "Max Component" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount shall comprise the lower of: a) the Interest Amount as determined in accordance with one 
or more of the other performance structures specified in the relevant Final Terms and b) the 
Maximum Interest Amount. 
(k) 
Currency Components 
Currency Component–Basket 
Where "Currency Components–Basket" has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Basket Return which is determined in accordance with any of the preceding paragraphs 
of this Condition 5 (Interest and Yield) will also be multiplied by the applicable Translation Rate 
for the purpose of determining the total Interest Amount payable to the Holders on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date(s). Currency Component - Basket may be applicable only when the Basket 
Return is positive, or can be applicable only when the Basket Return is negative, or in both cases, 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Currency Component – Underlying Asset 
Where "Currency Component – Underlying Asset" has been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, each Asset Return for one or more Basket Components specified in the Final Terms 
(which is determined in accordance with any of the preceding paragraphs of this Condition 5 
(Interest and Yield) will also be multiplied by the applicable Translation Rate for the purpose of 
determining the Interest Amount payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s). 
6. 
Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settlement 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, each Holder shall, 
upon exercise, be entitled to have their Instruments redeemed at their Settlement Amount on the 
Settlement Date specified in the Final Terms. The Settlement Amount will be rounded down to the 
nearest minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with all Instruments being exercised at the same 
time by the same Holder being aggregated for the purposes of determining the aggregate Settlement 
Amount payable in respect of such Instruments. If, on the Settlement Date, the Settlement Amount 
in respect of any Instrument is greater than zero, the Instrument shall be deemed to be automatically 
exercised on the Settlement Date. Instruments which are not deemed to be automatically exercised 
shall be void and no amounts shall be payable in respect thereof. The Settlement Amount will be 
determined as follows, subject always to the other provisions of this Condition 6 (Settlement), if 
applicable. 
If a Settlement Amount Cap is Specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Amount shall 
be the lower of the amount determined in accordance with the following provisions of this 
Condition 6(a) (Cash Settlement) and the Settlement Amount Cap. If a Settlement Amount Floor 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be the higher of the amount 
determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 6(a) (Cash Settlement) 
and the Settlement Amount Floor. If both a Settlement Amount Cap and a Settlement Amount 
Floor are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Amount will be the lesser of: (i) the 
Settlement Amount Cap and (ii) the greater of (x) the amount calculated in accordance with the 
following provisions of this Condition 6(a) (Cash Settlement) and (y) the Settlement Amount Floor. 
(i) 
Call Warrant or Call Market Warrant: If "Call Warrant" or "Call Market Warrant" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the Closing Price is greater than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Price from the Closing Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate.

--- Page 96 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 96 - 
70-41006567 
 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the 
Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(ii) 
Put Warrant or Put Market Warrant: If "Put Warrant" or "Put Market Warrant" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if the Closing Price is lower than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Strike Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the 
Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(iii) 
Long Market Warrant: if "Long Market Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then if the Closing Price is greater than the Initial Price, the Settlement Amount will be 
equal to the sum of: 
(x) 
the Underlying Amount, and 
(y) 
the amount calculated by: 
(A) 
dividing the Closing Price by the Initial Price and subtracting the Strike 
Price, and 
(B) 
multiplying the result of (A) by the Multiplier, the Participation Rate, the 
Underlying Amount and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If the Closing Price is not greater than the Initial Price the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(iv) 
Short Market Warrant: if "Short Market Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then if the Closing Price is lower than the Initial Price, the Settlement Amount will be 
equal to the sum of: 
(x) 
the Underlying Amount, and 
(y) 
the amount calculated by: 
(A) 
subtracting from the Strike Price the amount obtained by dividing the 
Closing Price by the Initial Price; and 
(B) 
multiplying the result of (A) by the Multiplier, the Participation Rate, the 
Underlying Amount and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If the Closing Price is not lower than the Initial Price the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
(v) 
Turbo Call Warrant: if "Turbo Call Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
if an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Strike Price from the Closing Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the 
Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Settlement Amount will be zero.

--- Page 97 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 97 - 
70-41006567 
 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event), if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Turbo Put Warrant: if "Turbo Put Warrant" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
if an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is lower than the Strike 
Price, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Strike Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If an Early Expiration Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the 
Strike Price, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event), if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(vii) 
Mini Future Long or Unlimited Turbo Long: if "Mini Future Long" or "Unlimited Turbo 
Long", respectively, is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has 
not occurred and the Closing Price is greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement 
Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Closing Price, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not greater than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Unlimited Turbo Long, the Settlement Amount will be equal to 
zero; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Long, and where the Closing Price is greater than 
the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Closing 
Price, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Long, and where the Closing Price is not greater than 
the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, the "Accumulated Financing" 
means, on any Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Base Rate Margin; and

--- Page 98 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 98 - 
70-41006567 
 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation 
Date. 
(viii) 
Mini Future Short or Unlimited Turbo Short: if "Mini Future Short" or "Unlimited Turbo 
Short", respectively is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has 
not occurred and the Closing Price is lower than the Financing Level, the Settlement 
Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Financing Level, 
multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate. 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Closing Price is not lower than the Financing 
Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Unlimited Turbo Short, the Settlement Amount will be equal to 
zero; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Short, and where the Closing Price is lower than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Closing Price from the Financing 
Level, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Mini Future Short, and where the Closing Price is not lower than 
the Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Closing Price may be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, the "Accumulated Financing" 
means, on any Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Base Rate Margin from the Base Rate; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation 
Date determined in accordance with the relevant Day Calculation Method. 
(ix) 
Bull Certificates: if "Bull Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Settlement Amount will be either: 
(x) 
the Accumulated Value on the Expiration Date, as determined by the Issuer or, 
(y) 
if an Early Expiration Event has occurred, zero. 
The "Accumulated Value" will be an amount in the relevant Currency calculated on each 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day falling on or 
after the Business Day next following the Listing Date, up to and including the Expiration

--- Page 99 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 99 - 
70-41006567 
 
Date (the "Accumulated Value Calculation Period"). The Accumulated Value on any 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day will be equal to: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated 
Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period or, in the case of the first Accumulated Value Calculation during 
the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, the Initial Accumulated 
Value; 
(B) 
the Accumulated Value Change; and 
(C) 
the Accumulated Financing, 
multiplied by, if the Listing Currency differs from the Reference Currency, 
(ii) 
the result of dividing the Translation Rate on the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day by the Translation Rate on the immediately preceding 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day or, in 
the case of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated 
Value Calculation Period, the Initial Translation Rate. 
The "Accumulated Value Change" will be determined by the Issuer and will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case 
of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value 
Calculation Period, the Initial Accumulated Value, multiplied by, 
(ii) 
the Leverage Factor, and 
(iii) 
the Reference Price Differential. 
The "Reference Price Differential" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, less the 
Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Price used to determine the Reference Price Differential on the initial day 
of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the Reference Price on the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the Listing Date and the Reference Price on the 
Listing Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period will be the Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and each of the Reference Price and 
Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
"Accumulated Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the 
Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by: 
(i) 
the result obtained by: 
(A) 
subtracting the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from the 
product of Base Rate 1 and the result obtained by subtracting the 
Leverage Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not

--- Page 100 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 100 - 
70-41006567 
 
applicable to the Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero); 
and 
(B) 
adding the product of the Leverage Factor, Base Rate 2 and the Reference 
Price Delta to the result of (A); and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day.   
The "Reference Price Delta" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, divided 
by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Delta on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the Reference Price on the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the Listing Date and the Reference Price on the 
Listing Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period will be the Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and each of the Reference Price and the 
Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
"Accumulated Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the 
Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from 
(B) 
the product of the Base Rate and the result obtained by subtracting the 
Leverage Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not 
applicable to the Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero), 
and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day. 
(x) 
Bear Certificates: if "Bear Certificate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Settlement Amount will be either: 
(x) 
the Accumulated Value on the Expiration Date, as determined by the Issuer or, 
(y) 
if an Early Expiration Event has occurred, zero. 
The "Accumulated Value" will be an amount in the relevant Currency calculated on each 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day falling on or 
after the Business Day next following the Listing Date, up to and including the Expiration 
Date (the "Accumulated Value Calculation Period"). The Accumulated Value on any 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day will be equal to:

--- Page 101 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 101 - 
70-41006567 
 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated 
Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period or, in the case of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period, the Initial 
Accumulated Value; 
(B) 
the Accumulated Value Change; and 
(C) 
the Accumulated Financing, 
multiplied by, if the Listing Currency differs from the Reference Currency, 
(ii) 
the result of dividing the Translation Rate on the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day by the Translation Rate on the immediately preceding 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day or, in 
the case of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated 
Value Calculation Period, the Initial Translation Rate. 
The "Accumulated Value Change" will be determined by the Issuer and will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value Calculation Period or, in the case 
of the first Accumulated Value Calculation Day during the Accumulated Value 
Calculation Period, the Initial Accumulated Value, multiplied by, 
(ii) 
the Leverage Factor (which may be negative), and 
(iii) 
the Reference Price Differential. 
The "Reference Price Differential" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, less the 
Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation 
Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, divided by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Differential on the initial day 
of the Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the Reference Price on the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the Listing Date and the Reference Price on the 
Listing Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period will be the Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and each of the Reference Price and 
Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
"Accumulated Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the 
Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by: 
(i) 
the sum of: 
(A) 
The product of Base Rate Margin, Reference price Delta and minus 1  
(B) 
The product of Administration Fee and minus 1                    
(C) 
Product of Base Rate 1 and the result obtained by subtracting the 
Leverage Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not 
applicable to the Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero)

--- Page 102 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 102 - 
70-41006567 
 
(D) 
The product of Leverage Factor, Base Rate 2 and the Reference Price 
Delta, and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day. 
The "Reference Price Delta" will be equal to: 
(i) 
the Reference Price on the relevant Accumulated Value Calculation Day, divided 
by 
(ii) 
the Reference Price on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day which is not a Disrupted Trading Day. 
The Reference Prices used to determine the Reference Price Delta on the initial day of the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will be the Reference Price on the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the Listing Date and the Reference Price on the 
Listing Date. The Reference Price on the final day of the Accumulated Value Calculation 
Period will be the Closing Price. If Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event) is specified as 
"Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms and a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period will end and each of the Reference Price and the 
Closing Price may be determined in accordance with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event). 
If "FX Underlying" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
"Accumulated Financing" means, on any Accumulated Value Calculation Day, the 
Accumulated Value on the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day 
which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the result obtained by subtracting: 
(A) 
the Base Rate Margin and the Administration Fee from 
(B) 
the product of the Base Rate and the result obtained by subtracting the 
Leverage Factor from 1 (provided that, if a Leverage Factor is not 
applicable to the Accumulated Financing, it will be deemed to be zero), 
and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Accumulated Value Calculation Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Accumulated Value 
Calculation Day. 
(xi) 
Max Certificate: If the Closing Price is greater than the Max Level, the Settlement Amount 
will be equal to the Multiplier, multiplied by the Max Level and multiplied by the 
Translation Rate, if applicable. If the Closing Price is not greater than the Max Level, the 
Settlement Amount will be equal to the Multiplier multiplied by the Closing Price and 
multiplied by the Translation Rate, if applicable. 
(xii) 
Mini Future Basket Long if "Mini Future Basket Long" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then if a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Basket Value is greater than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be equal to: 
(A) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Basket Value, 
multiplied by 
(B) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate.

--- Page 103 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 103 - 
70-41006567 
 
If a Stop Loss Event has not occurred and the Basket Value is not greater than the 
Financing Level, the Settlement Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred then: 
(A) 
where the Basket Value is greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement 
Amount will be equal to: 
(x) 
the result obtained by subtracting the Financing Level from the Basket 
Value, multiplied by 
(y) 
the Multiplier and, if applicable, the Translation Rate; and 
(B) 
where the Basket Value is not greater than the Financing Level, the Settlement 
Amount will be zero. 
If a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Basket Value may be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(i) (Stop Loss Event), if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of calculating the Financing Level, the "Accumulated Financing" 
means, on any Financing Level Calculation Date, the Financing Level on the immediately 
preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a Disrupted Trading Day, 
multiplied by the product of: 
(i) 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Base Rate Margin; and 
(ii) 
the fraction determined in accordance with the Day Calculation Method, on the 
basis of a Calculation Period comprising the number of days from and including 
the immediately preceding Financing Level Calculation Date which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day to and excluding the relevant Financing Level Calculation 
Date. 
(b) 
Application for Redemption 
If "Application for Redemption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the holder 
of the Instruments may require the Issuer to redeem the Instruments on any Redemption Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In order to be effective, the Holder's application for 
redemption must be received by the Issuer by no later than the Number of Redemption Business 
Days prior to the relevant Redemption Date. Not later than 10 Business Days after the relevant 
Redemption Date or, in the case of Registered Instruments, on the Redemption Date, the Issuer 
will pay the Holder an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Price less any applicable 
Redemption Fee. The Redemption Price will be calculated in the same manner as the Settlement 
Amount, save that the Closing Price Determination Date will be the date falling the Number of 
Redemption Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 
(c) 
Expiration Event upon Material Price Movement 
If "Material Price Movement" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, where, in the Issuer's 
opinion, the value of an Underlying Asset has at any time during the term of the Instrument 
declined by an amount equal to or greater than the Material Price Percentage on a single individual 
trading day, such a day shall be an Expiration Date. 
(d) 
Early Expiration Event 
If this Condition 6(d) (Early Expiration Event) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then if an Early Expiration Event has occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the 
Instruments early and determine the Closing Price. The Closing Price will not be lower than the 
lowest (in respect of Call Warrants, Call Market Warrants, Long Market Warrants, Turbo Call 
Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) or higher than the 
highest (in respect of Put Warrants, Put Market Warrants, Short Market Warrants, Turbo Put 
Warrants Unlimited Turbos Short or Bear Certificates) price for the relevant Underlying Asset(s)

--- Page 104 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 104 - 
70-41006567 
 
listed on a Reference Source which can be determined during the Number of Trading Hours which 
follow immediately after such Early Expiration Event has occurred. 
In the event that fewer than the Number of Trading Hours remains until the official closing of the 
Reference Source on the day an Early Expiration Event occurs and/or a Market Disruption occurs, 
the period for calculation of the Closing Price shall continue on the next Scheduled Trading Day 
(which is not a Disrupted Trading Day), until the Number of Trading Hours after the Early 
Expiration Event have been observed by the Issuer. 
If, after an Early Expiration Event has occurred, there is no Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day and/or if a Market Disruption continues for more than five calendar days 
after an Early Expiration Event, the Issuer shall determine the Closing Price in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
In any such case, the Issuer may adjust the Settlement Date as it considers appropriate in order to 
reflect the occurrence of the Early Expiration Event, and (if applicable), any delay in determining 
the Closing Price. 
(e) 
Purchase of Instruments 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Instruments in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Such Instruments may be cancelled, retained, re-sold or otherwise 
disposed of. 
(f) 
Procedure for Payment upon Settlement or Redemption 
Any redemption of the VP Instruments, VPS Instruments, Swedish Instruments or Finnish 
Instruments pursuant to this Condition 6 (Settlement) shall be in accordance with, in the case of 
VP Instruments, the VP Rules, in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS Rules, in the case of 
Swedish Instruments, the Euroclear Sweden Rules and in the case of Finnish Instruments, the 
Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(g) 
Costs and Expenses 
The holder of the Instruments shall pay any and all costs, fees and taxes that may become payable 
in connection with transfers, holding or automatic redemption of Instruments. 
(h) 
Expiration Date for Open Ended Instruments 
Where the Final Terms states that the relevant Instrument is open-ended or otherwise lacks a 
predetermined Expiration Date, or where "Expiration Date Determination" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may determine an Expiration Date not earlier than one (1) 
week after the Issue Date. Such date may occur not earlier than the Number of Expiration Date 
Business Days after notice regarding determination of an Expiration Date in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
(i) 
Stop Loss Event 
If this Condition 6(i) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if a Stop Loss 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the Instruments early and determine the 
Closing Price or other Reference Price (as applicable). The Closing Price or Reference Price will 
not be lower than the lowest (in respect of Call Warrants, Call Market Warrants, Long Market 
Warrants, Turbo Call Warrants, Mini Futures Long, Unlimited Turbos Long or Bull Certificates) 
or higher than the highest, (in respect of Put Warrants, Put Market Warrants, Short Market 
Warrants, Turbo Put Warrants, Mini Futures Short, Unlimited Turbos Short or Bear Certificates) 
price for the relevant Underlying Asset(s) listed on a Reference Source which can be determined 
during the Number of Trading Hours which follow immediately after such Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
In the event that fewer than the Number of Trading Hours remains until the official closing of the 
Reference Source on the day a Stop Loss Event occurs, and/or a Market Disruption occurs, the 
period for calculation of the Closing Price or Reference Price shall continue on the next Scheduled

--- Page 105 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 105 - 
70-41006567 
 
Trading Day (which is not a Disrupted Trading Day), until the Number of Trading Hours after the 
Stop Loss Event have been observed by the Issuer. 
If, after a Stop Loss Event has occurred, there is no Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Trading Day and/or if a Market Disruption continues for more than five calendar days 
after a Stop Loss Event, the Issuer shall determine the Closing Price or Reference Price in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
In any such case, the Issuer may adjust the Settlement Date as it considers appropriate in order to 
reflect the occurrence of the Stop Loss Event, and (if applicable), any delay in determining the 
Closing Price or Reference Price. 
(j) 
Nordnet Termination Event 
If this Condition 6(j) (Nordnet Termination Event) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then if a Nordnet Termination Event has occurred, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem the 
Instruments early and determine the Expiration Date in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Expiration 
Date for Open Ended Instruments). 
7. 
Taxation 
An Instrumentholder subscribing for, purchasing or exercising an Instrument shall pay all Taxes 
and securities transfer taxes and any other charges, if any, payable in connection with the 
subscription, purchase or exercise of such Instrument and the delivery of the Settlement Amount 
as a result of such exercise. The Issuer shall have the right, but not the duty (unless required by 
law), to withhold or deduct from any amounts otherwise payable to an Instrumentholder such 
amount as is necessary for the payment of any such taxes, duties or charges or for effecting 
reimbursement in accordance with the next sentence. The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise 
obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the 
ownership, transfer or exercise of any Instrument. The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold and 
deduct for or on account of any taxes imposed pursuant to sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder, pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service, on any amount payable in respect of the Instruments and shall not 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such taxes. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments — Registered Instruments 
(i) 
This Condition 8(a) (Payments – Registered Instruments) is applicable in relation to 
Registered Instruments. 
(ii) 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the settlement or redemption of 
Registered Instruments will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered 
Instruments as the specified office of the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final 
settlement or redemption amount of Registered Instruments is not a Business Day, the 
Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following such 
Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in the 
event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts due (other than in respect of the final settlement or redemption of 
Registered Instruments) in respect of Registered Instruments will be paid to the Holders 
thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept 
by the Registrar as at opening of business (London time) on the fifteenth London Banking 
Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(g)(ii) (Default Interest), payments of 
interest or yield due (other than in respect of the final settlement or redemption of 
Registered Instruments) in respect of Registered Instruments will be made by a cheque

--- Page 106 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 106 - 
70-41006567 
 
drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and posted to the address (as recorded 
in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof, (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first-named) on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment 
unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such 
applications for payment to be made to a designated account (in the case aforesaid, a non-
resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(b) 
Payments — VP Instruments 
Payments in respect of the VP Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing registered in 
the register kept by the VP as such on the third business day (as defined by the then applicable VP 
Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day being a Danish Business Day, or such other 
business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in VP Rules and will be made 
in accordance with said VP Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the VP 
Instruments in accordance with VP Rules. 
(c) 
Payments — VPS Instruments 
Payments in respect of the VPS Instruments shall be made to the Holders registered in the VPS 
System as defined by the applicable VPS Rule) as shown in the relevant records of Euronext VPS 
before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as 
then may be stipulated in the VPS Rules and will be made in accordance with said VPS Rules. 
Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the VPS Instruments in accordance with the 
VPS Rules. As of the date of this Prospectus the default Euronext VPS record date for the 
Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount is two business days prior to the relevant payment date. 
Record dates for interest or yield payments are fifteen business days prior to the relevant payment 
day. 
(d) 
Payments — Swedish Instruments 
Payments in respect of the Swedish Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing 
registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden as such on the fourth business day (as defined 
by the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day 
being a Stockholm Business Day, or such date as then may be stipulated in Euroclear Sweden 
Rules and will be made in accordance with said Euroclear Sweden Rules. Such day shall be the 
"Record Date" in respect of the Swedish Instruments in accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
(e) 
Payments — Finnish Instruments 
Payments in respect of the Finnish Instruments shall be made to the Holders as appearing registered 
in the register kept by Euroclear Finland as such on the record date for such payment determined 
in accordance with Euroclear Finland's Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of 
the Finnish Instruments in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(f) 
Payments — General Provisions 
(i) 
Payments of amounts due in respect of Instruments denominated in a currency other than 
euro will be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an account maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the relevant financial centre and in respect of an Instrument 
denominated in euro by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of any member state of the European Union. Payments 
will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations. 
(ii) 
In the event that the applicable Clearing System is prevented from making any payment 
in accordance with the above provisions due to a delay in performance by the Issuer or for 
any other reason, the applicable Clearing System will make such payment to each person 
that is registered as a Holder on the relevant Record Date as soon as payment is received 
from the Issuer or the reason for delay has ceased.

--- Page 107 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 107 - 
70-41006567 
 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is prevented from making payments to the Holders through the applicable 
Clearing System because the applicable Clearing System is affected by an event or 
circumstance set out in the first paragraph of Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.), 
then the Issuer shall be entitled to defer payment until such time as the event or 
circumstance affecting the applicable Clearing System has ceased. 
(iv) 
If a person or entity to whom payment was made in accordance with the above provisions 
was not entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and the applicable Clearing System 
shall nevertheless be deemed to have discharged their respective payment obligations, 
unless the Issuer or the applicable Clearing System had knowledge that payment was made 
to a person or entity that was not entitled to receive the payment or if the Issuer or the 
applicable Clearing System did not act with due care. 
(v) 
All payments in respect of the Instruments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations in the place of payment. In the event that the Issuer (or any 
agent acting on its behalf) is prohibited from making any payment on account of any 
applicable law or regulation, the Issuer shall have no liability to Instrumentholders in 
respect of any delay or failure in making such payment to holders. 
(g) 
Default Interest 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, in the event of any default in payment, default interest 
shall be payable on the due and unpaid amount from its due date up to and including the 
day on which payment is made at an interest rate equal to the Base Rate (as specified in 
the Final Terms) for a period of one week, plus two per cent. The Base Rate shall 
thereupon be determined by the Issuer on the first Business Day of each calendar week 
during the period of default. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, the default interest rate on 
interest bearing Instruments shall not (except in circumstances set out in paragraph (ii) 
below) be lower than the rate which applied to the relevant Instruments on the relevant 
due date plus two per cent. Default interest shall not be capitalised. 
(ii) 
If any default in payment under the Instruments is due to any event or circumstance 
affecting the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System as referred to in the first paragraph of 
Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.) the default interest rate shall, with respect to 
interest bearing Instruments, not exceed the Interest Rate which applied to the relevant 
Instruments on the relevant due date (without the addition of two per cent in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph) and, with respect to non-interest bearing on non-yield 
bearing Instruments, no default interest shall accrue or be payable. 
9. 
Special Terms and Market Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Market Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, except in respect of Instruments for which 
the Underlying Assets or yield or financing components consist solely of commodities, currencies 
or funds, or a combination of the above, unless "Market Disruption" is specified as not being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Market Disruption with respect to an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component exists 
where, in the Issuer's opinion, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation of official closing prices for an Underlying Asset or yield or financing 
component or a significant part of the underlying assets or yield or financing components 
does not exist, is unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
where appropriate, a compilation and/ or publication of the value of an Underlying Asset 
or yield or financing component ceases or is temporarily suspended; 
(iii) 
any Reference Source or Related Derivatives Market is not open for trading during its 
normal trading hours or it closes for trading before the ordinary closing time;

--- Page 108 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 108 - 
70-41006567 
 
(iv) 
trading in an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or a significant part of the 
underlying assets included in an Underlying Asset or options or futures contracts related 
to an Underlying Asset, which is/are traded on a Reference Source ceases, is suspended 
or significantly restricted; 
(v) 
the possibilities for parties on the market to carry out trades in or obtain the market value 
for an Underlying Asset or a significant portion of the underlying assets included in an 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or options or futures contracts related 
to an Underlying Asset, which is/are traded on a Reference Source or Related Derivatives 
Market ceases, is discontinued, or significantly deteriorates due to any other event; or 
(vi) 
with respect solely to instruments whose Underlying Asset is/are entirely comprised of 
funds or fund units, the valuation on a Valuation Date for Underlying Assets comprised 
of a fund or fund unit, does not take place or full payment for cash settlement with respect 
to such Underlying Asset does not take place on an exercise day for the relevant fund. 
A limitation on the number of hours or days when trading occurs shall not be deemed to constitute 
a Market Disruption where the restriction is due to a published change in the normal trading hours 
for the Relevant Reference Source and/or Related Derivatives Market. 
A restriction in trading which is introduced during the course of a day due to changes in prices 
which exceed permitted levels pursuant to the relevant Reference Source and/or Related 
Derivatives Market shall be deemed to constitute a Market Disruption. 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a Market Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, such Valuation Date or Observation Date shall, with respect to determination of 
the relevant value or observation, be adjusted in accordance with the Exchange Business Day 
Convention (for each Affected Underlying Asset on which Market Disruption does not exist); 
however, where Market Disruption exists on the eight Scheduled Trading Days (for each Affected 
Underlying Asset) that follow immediately after the original Valuation Date or Observation Date 
or another relevant day as stated in the Final Terms, such eighth Scheduled Trading Day (for each 
Affected Underlying Asset, respectively) shall be deemed the relevant Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or other relevant day, notwithstanding the existence of Market Disruption, and 
the Issuer shall thereupon determine the value for the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date 
which is to be applied upon calculation of the Settlement Amount or in conjunction with another 
calculation in accordance with these Conditions. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with Market Disruption. 
(b) 
Commodity Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets 
consist of one or several commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or 
one or more commodity index, unless "Commodity Disruption" is specified as not being applicable 
in the Final Terms. 
Commodity Disruption regarding any commodity which (directly or indirectly, in the Issuer's 
opinion) constitutes an Underlying Asset exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any of the following 
events occurs: 
(i) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of official closing prices for an 
Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in the Underlying Asset does not exist, 
unavailable or ceases; 
(ii) 
the quotation, compilation, calculation or publication of the value of an Underlying Asset 
or the value of the underlying assets included in the Underlying Asset does not exist, is 
unavailable or ceases; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reference Source is not open for trading during its normal trading hours;

--- Page 109 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 109 - 
70-41006567 
 
(iv) 
trading in an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in an Underlying Asset 
or options or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, which is/are traded on a 
Reference Source ceases, is suspended or significantly restricted; 
(v) 
the possibilities for parties on the market to carry out trades in or obtain the market value 
for an Underlying Asset or a significant portion of the underlying assets included in an 
Underlying Asset or options or futures contracts related to an Underlying Asset, which 
is/are traded on a Reference Source ceases, is discontinued or significantly deteriorates 
due to any other event; 
(vi) 
the manner of calculating an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets included in the 
Underlying Asset or the value thereof changes significantly; 
(vii) 
the content, compilation or structure of an Underlying Asset or the underlying assets 
included in an Underlying Asset or relevant options or futures contract changes 
significantly; or 
(viii) 
the introduction, change or repeal of tax provisions with respect to an Underlying Asset 
or tax provisions regarding tax calculated by way of reference to the underlying assets 
included in an Underlying Asset (however, not tax on, or which is calculated by reference 
to, gross or net income) after the Issue Date, as a consequence of which the Closing Price 
on any relevant date changes as compared to what it would have been had the tax 
provisions not been introduced, changed or repealed. 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a Commodity Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date 
or Observation Date, such Valuation Date or Observation Date shall, with respect to determination 
of the relevant value or observation, be adjusted in accordance with the Exchange Business Day 
Convention (for each Affected Underlying Asset and/or Basket Component, respectively) on 
which Commodity Disruption does not exist; however, where Commodity Disruption exists on the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days (for each Affected Underlying Asset) that follow immediately after 
the original Valuation Date or Observation Date or another relevant day as stated in the Final 
Terms, such eighth Scheduled Trading Day (for each Affected Underlying Asset, respectively) 
shall be deemed the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date or other relevant day, 
notwithstanding the existence of Commodity Disruption, and the Issuer shall thereupon determine 
the value of the Valuation Date or Observation Date which is to be applied upon calculation of the 
Settlement Amount or in conjunction with another calculation in accordance with these Conditions. 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible, or would not provide a fair result, to determine or 
replace the value of the Affected Underlying Asset at the time of such Commodity Disruption, the 
Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or 
Interest Amount and determine the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest 
Amount. Where the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or 
Interest Amount, the Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding the Settlement Amount and/or the 
Yield Amount or Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount 
(which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on 
the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with Commodity Disruption. 
(c) 
Currency Disruption 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets 
or yield or financing components consist of one or more currencies, including where a Translation 
Rate is applicable, unless "Currency Disruption" is specified as not being applicable in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 110 - 
70-41006567 
 
Disruption regarding an exchange rate (including exchange rates which, directly or indirectly, in 
the Issuer's assessment constitutes an Underlying Asset) exists where, in the Issuer's opinion, any 
of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
if spot or futures prices are not available for the exchange rate or the underlying assets 
included in the exchange rate; 
(ii) 
calculation or publication of any closing price/exchange rate/currency price on a specified 
reference source for an exchange rate or the underlying assets included in the exchange 
rate does not exist, is unavailable or ceases to be published on the specified reference 
source; 
(iii) 
a material price deviation occurs between the price of various currencies, exchange rates 
and/or currency prices; 
(iv) 
a quotation of spot and/or futures prices cannot be obtained on a stated Minimum Amount 
in one or a reasonable number of currency transactions which together amount to a 
predetermined minimum sum; or 
(v) 
the introduction of any currency exchange regulations or currency exchange restrictions 
which affect the ability to exchange a currency which constitutes an exchange rate into 
another currency and/or to transfer the relevant currency from the relevant jurisdiction. 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, Currency Disruption has occurred on a relevant Valuation Date 
or Observation Date, the Issuer shall determine the relevant value based on all available 
information which the Issuer believes to be relevant in conjunction with calculation of the 
Settlement Amount, yield or any other relevant value. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with Currency Disruption. 
(d) 
Fund Event 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Assets 
consist of one or many funds or fund entities, unless "Fund Event" is specified as not being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to determine and assess that a Fund Event exists where any of the 
following events occur after the Issue Date: 
(i) 
the Net Asset Value ("NAV") with respect to the Fund is not calculated and published for 
the Fund on the same day and in the same manner as stated in the Fund rules and in the 
terms and conditions governing the activities of the Fund and the Management Company; 
(ii) 
any change is made in the characteristics of the Fund or the fund units which, in the Issuer's 
opinion, may detrimentally affect the value of the fund units; 
(iii) 
the Fund or the Management Company (wholly or in part) does not consent to subscription 
for, or redemption of, fund units in respect of the Fund on a day when, in accordance with 
the Fund rules and the terms and conditions governing the activities of the Fund, such 
subscription and redemption shall be possible; 
(iv) 
the funds paid out by the Fund as a consequence of a request for redemption do not consist 
of cash; 
(v) 
the Fund or Management Company introduces restrictions or new, changed fees in respect 
of subscription for, or redemption of, fund units, or any tax or charge is introduced 
following the Issue Date in connection with subscription for, or redemption of, fund units; 
(vi) 
a material change occurs in the underlying assets in the Fund, including expropriation or 
similar events, as a consequence of which the assets are transferred to, or taken over by, a

--- Page 111 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 111 - 
70-41006567 
 
public authority or similar body or organisation, which has a negative impact on the value 
of the fund units; 
(vii) 
the Fund or Management Company becomes insolvent, proceedings are commenced for 
the Fund or the Management Company to be placed into bankruptcy, the Fund or the 
Management Company decides upon, or is placed into, liquidation, commences company 
reorganisation proceedings, commences composition proceedings, or is the subject of any 
similar event; 
(viii) 
the Fund or the Management Company are merged or become the object of a sale, in whole 
or in part; 
(ix) 
the Fund violates the provisions governing the Fund's operations, including its investment 
guidelines and the Fund's statutes; 
(x) 
the Fund or the Management Company carries out changes in the provisions in respect of 
the Fund or the activities of the Fund, such as changes in the Fund's risk profile, changes 
in the voting rights of fund units, changes in the investment guidelines for the Fund, 
changes in the currency in which the fund units are denominated, or such other changes 
as the Issuer deems material; 
(xi) 
the Fund breaches any agreement by which it is bound or any decision issued by a court 
of law or other public authority; 
(xii) 
a change in any law, ordinance or other regulations (including tax legislation and 
accounting rules), or decision of a public authority, court of law or other body, has a 
negative impact on the Fund or the Management Company or the Issuer's possibilities to 
invest in, or redeem, Underlying Assets; 
(xiii) 
the Fund, Management Company, administrator, depositary, or board of directors becomes 
the object of an investigation, proceedings, or equivalent by public authorities or any other 
body relating to the violation of relevant legislation or other rules applicable to the Fund, 
Management Company, administrator, depositary, or board of directors, or any permit or 
authorisation for any of them to conduct relevant activities is revoked; 
(xiv) 
the Management Company, administrator, depositary, or board of directors is replaced; 
(xv) 
the Underlying Asset is converted to another fund unit; 
(xvi) 
the Underlying Asset is the subject of compulsory redemption or forced sale; 
(xvii) 
the Fund lacks the possibility to carry out investments; 
(xviii) 
a change occurs with respect to any of the Fund's derivative instruments which 
detrimentally affects the value of its fund units or the Fund's possibility to allow 
redemption thereof; 
(xix) 
the Fund, Management Company, or administrator of the Fund fail to provide such 
information within such time frame as any of them have undertaken to provide to one or 
more investors; or 
(xx) 
any event which, in the Issuer's opinion, has a negative impact on the application of the 
Conditions. 
Where a Fund Event occurs with respect to one or more Funds which constitute an Underlying 
Asset, the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation of the Settlement 
Amount or any other relevant amount and/or the composition of an Underlying Asset, or to replace 
an Affected Underlying Asset with a Replacement Underlying Asset, which the Issuer thereby 
deems necessary in order to achieve a calculation of the relevant amount which reflects, and is 
based on, the manner in which it was previously calculated.

--- Page 112 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 112 - 
70-41006567 
 
Where the Issuer believes that it is not possible or would not provide a fair result to determine or 
replace the value of the Affected Underlying Asset at the time of such Fund Event the Issuer may 
perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest 
Amount and determine the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount Where 
the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount, the 
Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or 
Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount. The Settlement 
Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with Fund Events. 
(e) 
Specific Early Redemption 
If "Specific Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have 
the right to calculate the Settlement Amount early and redeem Instruments before their scheduled 
maturity if (in the Issuer's sole discretion) the theoretical price is such that it is not possible (not 
only temporarily) to quote bid and ask prices in an appropriate way, for example (without 
limitation) because the theoretical price of such Instruments is too low in relation to the lowest so 
called "tick-size" and that the difference between the ask and bid price may therefore become too 
high in relation to the theoretical price of the Instruments. 
Upon a Specific Early Redemption, the Settlement Amount shall be calculated as of the Specific 
Early Redemption Date on the basis that the Specific Early Redemption Date shall be treated as 
the Closing Price Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holder of Instruments of the Specific Early Redemption no later than 
10 Business Days before the Specific Early Redemption Date in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices). 
Unless the Holder of Instruments has notified the Issuer in writing in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) no later than 3 Business Days before the Specific Early Redemption Date that the 
Holder of Instruments refuses to accept a Settlement Amount in the form of Instruments, the Issuer 
has a right in relation to a Specific Early Redemption to pay the Settlement Amount in the form of 
Instruments that bear substantially similar terms to those of the Instruments subject to the Specific 
Early Redemption, except for the ISIN, Strike Price and such other conditions as the Issuer may 
reasonably determine, together with a cash amount for any surplus amount (if any) that cannot be 
settled in the form of Instruments. 
If the Holder of Instruments has refused to accept the Settlement Amount in form of new 
Instrument in accordance with the above, the Settlement Amount for Instruments that have been 
subject to Specific Early Redemption shall be paid in cash. 
(f) 
Adjustments 
The Issuer may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether or not at any time a Potential 
Adjustment Event has occurred and where it determines such an event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine, whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Asset(s) and, if so, may 
make such adjustment(s) as it in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate, if 
any, to the notional number of Underlying Asset(s) to which each Instrument relates and to any 
other level, price or value, or any exercise, settlement, payment, multiplier or any other term of the 
relevant Instruments and determine the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). In its 
determinations of the existence of any Potential Adjustment Event and extent of any diluting or 
concentrative effect a Potential Adjustment Event has on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Underlying Asset(s), and any related adjustments to the terms of each Instrument, the Issuer shall 
take into account all such factors as it deems necessary, including, without limitation, the 
implication of taxes that may be imposed by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect 
of such Underlying Asset(s).

--- Page 113 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 113 - 
70-41006567 
 
(g) 
Interest Rate Fallbacks 
In circumstances other than where the Issuer either: (i) determines that a Benchmark Event and/or 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; or (ii) considers that there may be a Successor Rate, 
where the Underlying Asset is an interest rate or yield, and unless "Rate Option Fallback" is 
specified not to apply in the relevant Final Terms, then if the relevant interest rate does not appear 
on the applicable price source specified in the Final Terms on any relevant date, and at the relevant 
time, required by the Conditions, the Issuer shall determine the interest rate for the applicable date 
and time in accordance with the fallback provisions relating to the relevant Rate Option specified 
in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. If, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines that such interest rate is not a reasonable replacement, then it shall, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine the relevant fallback rate, taking into account all available 
information that, in food faith, it deems relevant. 
(h) 
Benchmark Cessation 
If the Issuer determines that either (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred or (ii) considers (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that there is a Successor Rate, in either case 
in respect of the relevant Base Rate, Reference Rate or other interest rate or benchmark specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (each an "Affected Reference Rate"), then the Issuer may elect to 
apply the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and an alternative screen page or source (the 
"Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) for purposes of determining future payments in respect of the Instruments. If 
the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Rate in circumstances where a Benchmark Event 
has not occurred, the original Affected Reference Rate will to continue to be used for the 
purposes of determining future payments in respect of the Instruments; 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Issuer acting in good faith 
considers has replaced the relevant original Affected Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
customary market usage or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer acting in 
good faith agree considers to be the most comparable alternative to the original Affected 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an 
information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the relevant screen page or price course in relation to the Instruments for all future 
payments and determinations in respect of the Instruments (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation)); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Amount(s), Yield Amount(s) or 
other payment(s) in respect of the Instruments (or a component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also specify changes 
to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Interest Determination Date and/or other terms applicable to the Instruments, and 
the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Instruments, in order to 
follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Instruments for all future 
payments and determinations in respect of the Instruments (subject to the subsequent

--- Page 114 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 114 - 
70-41006567 
 
operation of this Condition 9(h) (Benchmark Cessation) if a further Benchmark Event 
occurs); 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Instrument holders; and 
(vii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Issuer determines that there is no appropriate 
Successor Rate or alternative rate, the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount and determine the 
Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount. Where the Issuer has 
determined the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount or Interest Amount, the 
Issuer shall notify the Holders regarding the Settlement Amount and/or the Yield Amount 
or Interest Amount. The Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount (which 
may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on 
the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions 
as the Issuer deems necessary in connections with a Benchmark Event. 
(i) 
Rolling of Futures Contracts 
Where "Rolling of Futures Contracts" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on 
each Roll Date during the term of the Instruments the Issuer may replace an Underlying Asset 
comprising a futures contract (the "Current Futures Contract") for the purposes of calculating 
the Reference Price, with a new futures contract (the "New Futures Contract") that will, once the 
Current Futures Contract expires, in the Issuer's opinion, have the shortest time left to expiration 
of those cash settled futures contracts of adequate liquidity (as determined by the Issuer in its sole 
disvcretion) listed on the Reference Source and relating to the same underlying asset as the Current 
Futures Contract. The Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments to the Reference Price and 
other terms of the Instrument as it considers appropriate in order to preserve the theoretical value 
of the Instruments in connection with such substitution of Underlying Assets, and any fees, costs 
and expenses incurred, or that would be incurred, in connection with amending, terminating or re-
establishing any relevant Hedge Transaction. 
10. 
Changed calculation, correction, etc. 
(a) 
Changed calculation 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, unless "Changed Calculation" is specified 
as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where, in the opinion of the Issuer, the compilation, calculation or publication of any Underlying 
Asset or yield or financing component ceases in whole or in part, or the characteristics of any 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component are changed significantly, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, upon calculation of the Settlement Amount or any other calculation, to replace such 
Affected Underlying Asset with a comparable alternative asset. Where, in the Issuer's opinion, a 
comparable alternative to such Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component is not 
compiled, calculated and published or where, in the opinion of the Issuer, the method of calculating 
any Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or the value thereof is changed 
significantly, the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation as the Issuer, 
based reasonable grounds, deems necessary in order for the calculation of the value of the Affected 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component to reflect and be based on the manner in which 
such was previously compiled, calculated and published. The value thereby calculated shall replace 
the value of the Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component in calculations of the 
relevant Settlement Amount or other amount. 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace the Affected Underlying 
Asset or yield or financing component or adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer may perform 
an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and determine the Settlement

--- Page 115 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 115 - 
70-41006567 
 
Amount and/or the yield. When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, 
the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. The Issuer may pay 
market interest on the Settlement Amount (which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including 
accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Expiration Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustment to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with a Changed Calculation. 
(b) 
Corrections The following provisions will apply to all Instruments, except in respect of 
Instruments for which the Underlying Assets or yield or financing components consist solely of 
commodities or currencies, or a combination of the above, unless "Corrections" is specified as not 
being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for an Underlying Asset or yield or financing component is 
corrected within the number of days from the original publication as normally elapse between a 
trade and settlement day in conjunction with spot trading in the Affected Underlying Asset or in 
the underlying assets included in the Underlying Asset or yield or financing component, provided 
that such number of days does not exceed three Exchange Trading Days after the relevant 
Valuation Date or Observation Date, and such price is used to determine a relevant price, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to make a corresponding correction. 
(c) 
Correction Commodity 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Asset(s) 
consist of one or several commodities, or options or futures contracts related to commodities, or 
one or more commodity index(es), unless "Correction Commodity" is specified as not being 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for a commodity which (directly or indirectly in the Issuer's 
opinion) constitutes an Underlying Asset is corrected within 30 days of the original publication 
and such a price is used to determine any relevant value, the Issuer shall be entitled to make a 
corresponding correction. 
(d) 
Correction Currency 
The following provisions will apply to all Instruments in respect of which the Underlying Asset(s) 
or yield or financing components consist of one or several currencies, unless "Correction Currency" 
is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Where the official closing price for a currency which (including as regards exchange rates) directly 
or indirectly in the Issuer's opinion) constitutes an Underlying Asset or yield or financing 
component is corrected and such price is used to determine a relevant value, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to make a corresponding correction not later than six Scheduled Trading Days after the 
official closing price for the Underlying Asset was published. 
(e) 
Corrections to Base Rate, Margin; Redemption Price, Accumulated Value and Financing Level 
Where the Base Rate and/or Base Rate Margin is corrected or where calculation of a Financing 
Level, the Redemption Price or the Accumulated Value is, in the Issuer's sole discretion, incorrect, 
the Issuer may adjust any calculated Financing Level, Accumulated Value or Redemption Price 
within three Scheduled Trading Days of the original calculation. In other cases, no adjustment of 
the Financing Level, Accumulated Value or Redemption Price shall take place. 
11. 
Extraordinary Events 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, any delisting, nationalisation, bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation, 
company reorganisation, compulsory redemption, merger, demerger, asset transfer, share swap, 
swap offer, public tender offer or other similar event occurs with respect to an Underlying Asset 
or a company to which an Underlying Asset relates; or where, in the Issuer's opinion, a split, new 
issue, bonus issue, issuance of warrants or convertible debentures, reverse split, or buy-back occurs 
with respect to an Underlying Asset, or any other event occurs as specified in the Final Terms or 
which, in accordance with practice on the market for share-related derivative products, may lead

--- Page 116 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 116 - 
70-41006567 
 
to an adjustment in the calculation during outstanding transactions (each an "Extraordinary 
Event") the Issuer shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the calculation of the Settlement 
Amount or other relevant amount or compilation of the Underlying Asset(s), or to replace an 
Affected Underlying Asset with a Replacement Underlying Asset which the Issuer thereby deems 
necessary in order to achieve a calculation of the Settlement Amount which reflects, and is based 
on, the manner in which such was previously calculated. 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a fair result to replace an Affected Underlying 
Asset or adjust the applicable calculation or the structure of the Underlying Asset, the Issuer may 
perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and determine the 
Settlement Amount and/or the yield. When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount 
and/or the yield, the Issuer shall notify the Holders of the Settlement Amount and the yield. The 
Issuer may pay market interest on the Settlement Amount. The Settlement Amount (including 
accrued interest, if any) shall be paid on the Settlement Date. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustment to the Conditions as the 
Issuer deems necessary in connection with Extraordinary Events. 
12. 
Change in Law 
The following provisions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Change in Law" is stated not to be 
applicable in the relevant the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any changes in any law, ordinance, regulation 
or equivalent or decision by a public authority or any change in the application thereof, or if a 
decree of moratorium, currency restriction, embargo, blockade or boycott of a central bank, 
national government or other public authority such as the United Nations or the European Union, 
(each a "Change in Law") it would be unlawful, significantly more difficult or cause significant 
reputational damage to the Issuer to issue and to keep the Instruments outstanding, or if it becomes 
unlawful or more difficult for the Issuer or a third party or cause significant reputational damage 
to the Issuer to hold, acquire or divest Underlying Assets or to enter into derivative transactions 
with respect to an Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component, which may be entered 
into to hedge the Issuer's exposure under the Instruments, the Issuer may determine that the 
Affected Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement 
Underlying Asset or any yield or financing component (as selected by the Issuer in its discretion), 
or alternatively adjust the calculation of the Settlement Amount, Redemption Amount, any Interest 
Amount, Yield Amount and/or alter the Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer 
may perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such calculation shall 
be based on the most recently published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or financing 
component. When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer 
shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and the Interest 
Rate which shall continue to accrue on the Instruments which may be a market rate (and which 
may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be paid on 
the Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Settlement Date to a 
date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with a Change in Law. 
13. 
Increased Costs of Hedging 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Increased Costs of 
Hedging" is stated not to be applicable in the relevant the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, as a consequence of any change in any law, ordinance, regulation 
or equivalent or decision by a public authority or the application thereof, or any other event or 
circumstance not directly attributable to the Issuer's deteriorated credit rating which, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, would affect the Issuer's costs for holding, acquiring or divesting Underlying Assets

--- Page 117 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 117 - 
70-41006567 
 
or entering into, maintaining or terminating derivative instruments relating to one or more 
Underlying Assets or any yield or financing component for the purpose of managing the Issuer's 
exposure under the Instruments, would increase in a manner which is not insignificant for the Issuer 
or if the Issuer's risk management costs, for a reason other than as listed above would, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, increase, or where, in the Issuer's opinion, the risk management costs significantly 
increase (each an "Increased Cost"), the Issuer may determine that the Affected Underlying Asset 
or yield or financing component shall be replaced by a Replacement Underlying Asset or yield or 
financing component or alternatively adjust the calculation of the Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer believes that it would not provide a commercially reasonable result to replace the 
Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, 
the Issuer may perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such early 
calculation shall be based on the most recently published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or 
financing component. When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the 
Issuer shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and the 
Interest Rate which shall continue to accrue on the Instruments, which may be a market rate (and 
which may be zero). The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be 
paid on the Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Settlement 
Date to a date notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Increased Costs. 
14. 
Hedging Disruption 
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Instruments unless "Hedging Disruption" is 
stated not to be applicable in the relevant the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Where, in the Issuer's opinion, after using commercially reasonable efforts, it would be 
substantially more difficult or impossible to hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of Underlying Assets or yield or financing components or enter into 
transactions or acquire financial instruments for the purpose of hedging/risk management with 
reference to Underlying Assets which have been acquired to hedge the Issuer's exposure or 
settlement obligation under the Instruments), (each such event a "Hedging Disruption") the Issuer 
may determine that the Affected Underlying Asset or yield or financing component shall be 
replaced by a Replacement Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or alternatively 
adjust the calculation of the Settlement Amount, Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount, Yield 
Amount and/or alter the Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer determines that it would not provide a reasonable result to replace the Affected 
Underlying Asset or yield or financing component or to adjust the applicable calculation, the Issuer 
may perform an early calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield. Such calculation shall 
be based on the most recently published value of the Underlying Asset or yield or financing 
component. When the Issuer has determined the Settlement Amount and/or the yield, the Issuer 
shall notify the Holders of the amount of the Settlement Amount and/or the yield and the Interest 
Rate which may continue to accrue on the Instruments which may be a market rate or which may 
be zero. The Settlement Amount (including accrued interest, if applicable) shall be paid on the 
Settlement Date or alternatively the Issuer may elect to bring forward the Settlement Date to a date 
notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any addition, adjustment or amendment to the Conditions as 
the Issuer deems necessary in connection with Hedging Disruption. 
15. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Instruments will be prescribed unless made 
within 10 years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, three years) after the due date for 
payment.

--- Page 118 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 118 - 
70-41006567 
 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in 
respect of Finnish Instruments shall become statute barred unless made within three years after the 
relevant payment date. 
(c) 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of a Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in 
respect of Swedish Instruments, or VPS Instruments will be statute barred unless made within ten 
years after the relevant Settlement Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). Claims against the 
Issuer for the payment of interest or other yield in respect of Swedish Instruments or VPS 
Instruments shall be statute barred unless made within three years after the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or Yield Payment Date (as applicable). 
If the limitation period in respect of Swedish Instruments is interrupted a new limitation period of 
ten years will commence for claims in respect of Settlement Amounts or Redemption Amounts and 
three years for claims in respect of interest amounts and other yield. Where the limitation period is 
interrupted through any acknowledgement, claim or reminder a new limitation period shall 
commence on the date of the interruption or, where the limitation period is interrupted through 
legal proceedings or the claims for payment is brought before in a court of law, enforcement 
authority or in arbitration proceedings, bankruptcy proceedings or proceedings for a judicial 
composition with creditors, a new limitation period shall commence on the date on which a 
judgment or final decision is rendered or the procedure is otherwise terminated. 
(d) 
The right to payment of any Settlement Amount or Redemption Amount in respect of VP 
Instruments shall become statute barred ten years after the Settlement Date or Redemption Amount 
(as applicable). The Issuer shall, upon limitation, be entitled to keep any funds that may have been 
reserved by the Issuer for such payments. 
Upon an interruption of the limitation period, a new limitation period of ten years with respect to 
any Settlement Amount shall start to run from the day determined in accordance with the Danish 
Limitation of Claims Act (forældelsesloven) (Consolidated Act No. 1238 dated 9 November 2015). 
16. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Registrar 
The initial Fiscal Agent and Registrar and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
(including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Agents or another 
Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) an 
Agent with a specified office in continental Europe but outside the Issuer's jurisdiction of 
incorporation, (iv) so long as any VPS Instruments are settled through Euronext VPS, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in Norway, (v) so long as any Swedish Instruments are cleared and 
settled through Euroclear Sweden, an Issuing Agent with a specified office in Sweden, and (vi) so 
long as any Finnish Instruments are cleared and settled through Euroclear Finland, an Issuer Agent 
with a specified office in Finland. The Fiscal Agent and the Registrar reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city, and 
provided further that so long as any VP Instruments are cleared and settled through VP, the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the VP Issuing Agent shall have the respective rights and obligations 
arising under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and no other Agent shall have any rights and 
obligations in relation thereto Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the 
Agents or the Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
17. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Registrar, subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange 
and/or listing authority on which the relevant Instruments are listed, upon payment by the claimant 
of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Instruments must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered.

--- Page 119 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 119 - 
70-41006567 
 
18. 
Modifications 
The Issuer is entitled to make any amendment to these Conditions that is approved by all Holders 
of the relevant Instruments. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendment to the 
Conditions in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
If the Issuer determines, acting reasonably, that from time to time there has been a change in 
prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions, which change affects any Hedge 
Transaction such that the terms of such Hedge Transaction are or may thenceforth be inconsistent 
with corresponding provisions of these Conditions, then it may, without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders or any Agent, modify these Conditions to the extent necessary to preserve such 
consistency. The Issuer shall notify the Instrumentholders and the Fiscal Agent in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) promptly following any such determination. 
In addition to the foregoing the Issuer is entitled, without the consent of Holders, to amend these 
Conditions (including the applicable the Final Terms): (i) in order to correct any manifest error or 
(ii) to the extent appropriate upon a change in applicable mandatory law, or (iii) to the extent that 
any such amendment would not, in the opinion of the Issuer, be materially prejudicial to the 
Holders of the Instruments or (iv) to change the stock exchange or listing venue where the 
Instruments are admitted to listing and/or trading, or to change the clearing system or central 
securities depository through which the Instruments are cleared or settled. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Registered Instruments 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if (i) sent by first 
class mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the 
Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar, and will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing or 
(ii) if published on the website of the stock exchange on which the relevant Instruments are listed 
(if applicable) or (iii) published on the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.com. 
(b) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 
71, Stockholm and clearly marked on their exterior "Urgent — Attention: Group Treasury" (or at 
such other address and for such other attention as may have been notified to the Holders of the 
Instruments in accordance with this Condition 19 (Notices)) and will be deemed to have been 
validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the Issuer's principal office is 
open for business. 
(c) 
Notices in respect of VP Instruments 
Notices in respect of VP Instruments will be either (i) in writing and shall be addressed to such 
Holders of the VP Instruments at the address appearing in the Danish Instrument Register 
maintained by the VP Issuing Agent in accordance with the VP Rules or (ii) published on the 
website of the stock exchange on which the relevant Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iii) 
published on the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.dk or www.nordea.com. 
(d) 
Notices in respect of VPS Instruments 
Notices in respect of VPS Instruments will be either (i) in writing given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to such Holders, (ii) in writing, sent by first class mail, by electronic mail or 
through other electronic means, directly to such Holders, or (iii) published on the website of the 
stock exchange on which the relevant Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iv) published on the 
website of the Issuer at www.nordea.no or www.nordea.com. 
(e) 
Notices in respect of Swedish Instruments 
Notices in respect of Swedish Instruments will be either (i) in writing, addressed to such Holders 
at the address appearing in Euroclear Sweden Register and will be deemed to have been validly

--- Page 120 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 120 - 
70-41006567 
 
given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing, or (ii) published on the website of 
the stock exchange on which the relevant Instruments are listed (if applicable) or (iii) published on 
the website of the Issuer at www.nordea.se or www.nordea.com. 
(f) 
Notices in respect of Finnish Instruments 
Notices regarding Finnish Instruments shall be published by the Issuer in a national daily 
newspaper in the jurisdictions in which Instruments have been offered to the public or on the 
website of the Issuer www.nordea.fi or www.nordea.com of the stock exchange on which the 
relevant Instruments are listed (if applicable) or on the website. Written notice may also be sent to 
Holders at the address recorded in the Issuer's register. Where Instruments have been issued as 
dematerialised securities, notice to Holders may be sent via Euroclear Finland and account 
operators. Notices may also be sent to the relevant marketplace, on which the Instrument is listed, 
for distribution to the members of the marketplace. Notices shall be deemed received by Holders 
on the day on which they are published in a national daily newspaper, on a relevant website or in 
Euroclear Finland or, where the notice has been sent by letter, on the fifth day after despatch of the 
letter. 
20. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to VP Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to the VP to provide to the VP 
Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with the VP relating to the VP Instruments and 
the Holders of the VP Instruments in order that the VP Issuing Agent may provide any relevant 
Danish authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark (Finanstilsynet) and 
the Danish tax authorities with any information required under applicable Danish laws. Such 
information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the holder of the VP Instruments, 
the residency of the holder of the VP Instruments, the number of VP Instruments of the relevant 
holder and the address of the relevant holder. 
The VPS Paying Agent is obligated, upon request, to provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, 
including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway and the Norwegian tax authorities, with 
any information registered on the relevant Euronext VPS account(s). Such information may include 
the identity of the registered Holder of the Instruments, the residency of the registered Holder of 
the Instruments, the number of Instruments registered with the relevant Holder, the address of the 
relevant Holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant Euronext VPS account and whether 
or not the Instruments are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee 
In relation to Finnish Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Finland to 
provide to the Finnish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Finland 
relating to the Finnish Instruments and the Holders of the Finnish Instruments in order that the 
Finnish Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Finnish authorities, including the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (in Finnish: Finanssivalvonta) and the Finnish tax authorities, 
with any information required under applicable Finnish laws. Such information shall include, but 
not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Finnish Instruments, the residency of 
the registered holder of the Finnish Instruments, the number of Finnish Instruments registered with 
the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant 
Euroclear Finland account (in Finnish: Tilinhoitaja) and whether or not the Finnish Instruments 
are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In relation to Swedish Instruments, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to 
provide to the Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden 
relating to the Swedish Instruments and the Holders of the Swedish Instruments in order that the 
Swedish Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Swedish authorities, including the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Sweden (Finansinspektionen) and the Swedish tax authorities, with any 
information required under applicable Swedish laws. Such information shall include, but not be 
limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Swedish Instruments, the residency of the  
registered holder of the Swedish Instruments, the number of Swedish Instruments registered with 
the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant 
Euroclear Sweden account and whether or not the Swedish Instruments are registered in the name 
of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee.

--- Page 121 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 121 - 
70-41006567 
 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments of any 
Series create and issue further Instruments and other debt securities having terms and conditions 
the same as those of the Instruments of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first 
payment of interest (if any), which may be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Instruments of such Series. 
22. 
Obtaining Information 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from: (i) the Euroclear Sweden Register in respect 
of the Swedish Instruments and Holders thereof; and (ii) Euroclear Finland in respect of the Finnish 
Instruments and Holders thereof. 
The Issuer has the right, with respect to Instruments other than Swedish Instruments, to request 
and obtain from the relevant Clearing System certain information relating to an account in the 
relevant Clearing System's register of holders, including but not limited to: (i) the Holder's name, 
personal identification number or other identification number as well as postal address, (ii) 
Instruments held and the terms and conditions of such Instruments and (iii) where applicable, the 
number of Instruments in issue. 
The Issuer shall have access on demand to static data and ownership of the Instrumentholders 
registered in the Securities Depository as regulated in Clause 36.3 of the Danish FSA Executive 
Order 819 of 2 June 2013 on Book-Entry etc. of Investment Securities with a Clearing System. 
23. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Instruments and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them may 
be governed by English law, Swedish law, Finnish law, Danish law or Norwegian law, as specified 
in the Final Terms. In relation to VP Instruments, Danish law and jurisdiction will be applicable 
with regard to the registration of such Instruments in the VP and VP Instruments must comply with 
the Danish Capital Markets Act, the Danish Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. Norwegian 
law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of such VPS Instruments in 
Euronext VPS. Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of 
such Swedish Instruments in Euroclear Sweden and the Swedish Instruments must comply with 
the SFIA Act. Finnish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of such 
Finnish Instruments in Euroclear Finland and the Finnish Instruments must comply with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017)), as amended, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Laki arvo-osuustileistä) (827/1991), as amended, as well as the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Finland. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 23(a), the Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the 
Holders of the Instruments that the Courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine 
any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with Instruments governed by English law (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Instruments) (respectively, "Proceedings" and 
"Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England 
being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes 
and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. The Issuer 
agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by 
being delivered to Nordea Bank Abp, London Branch at its registered address in London from time 
to time, being presently at 6th Floor, 5 Aldermanbury Square, London EC2V 7AZ or, if different, 
its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which 
process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or 
ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, 
failing such appointment within 15 days, any Instrumentholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Fiscal Agent. 
Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by

--- Page 122 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 122 - 
70-41006567 
 
law. The submission to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Instruments or of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
(c) 
If Swedish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these Conditions shall be settled in Swedish courts. The Stockholm 
District Court shall be court of first instance. 
(d) 
If Finnish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these Conditions shall be settled in Finnish courts. The court of first 
instance shall be Helsingin käräjäoikeus. 
(e) 
If Danish law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning the 
interpretation or application of these Conditions shall be settled by Danish courts. The court of first 
instance shall be Københavns Byret. 
(f) 
If Norwegian law is specified in the Final Terms as the governing law, then disputes concerning 
the interpretation or application of these Conditions shall be settled by Norwegian courts. The court 
of first instance shall be Oslo Tingrett. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the operating procedures, rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Sweden (together, the "Swedish Remedies"), Holders of Swedish Instruments may have 
remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-performance under the Conditions applicable 
to such Swedish Instruments, a Swedish Holder must first exhaust all available remedies under the 
applicable governing law for non-payment or non-performance before any Proceedings may be 
brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the Swedish Remedies. Notwithstanding 
Condition 23(b), and in this limited respect only, a Holder of Swedish Instruments may therefore 
not take concurrent Proceedings in Sweden. 
24. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Instruments under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
25. 
Limitation of liability etc. 
The Issuer and the relevant Clearing System shall not, in connection with the discharge or 
purported discharge of any of their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, be held 
liable for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a public 
authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance. The 
reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if an 
aforementioned entity takes such measures, or is subject to such measures. 
The Issuer or the relevant Clearing System shall not be held liable for any other damage or loss 
incurred if such entity has exercised due care. The aforementioned entities shall not in any case be 
held responsible for any indirect damage, consequential damage and/or loss of profit, otherwise 
than as a result of or in relation to the gross negligence of the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System. 
Should there be an impediment to the Issuer or the relevant Clearing System taking any action 
pursuant to these terms and conditions due to any circumstance set out in the first paragraph of this 
Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.), such action may be postponed until the impediment has 
ceased. 
The provisions of this Condition 25 (Limitation of liability etc.) shall apply unless otherwise 
provided by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
26. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Instruments or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this

--- Page 123 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 123 - 
70-41006567 
 
Condition 26 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), includes each holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Instruments), by its acquisition of the Instruments, each 
Instrumentholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Instruments may 
be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments 
on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the 
issue to or conferral on the Instrumentholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Instruments; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Instruments or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Instruments or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Instruments, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Instruments, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD or the application of the 
SRM Regulation and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD or the SRM 
Regulation, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Instruments, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Instruments. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group.

--- Page 124 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 124 - 
70-41006567 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying 
on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained 
therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of 
any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom 
(the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 125 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 125 - 
70-41006567 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Legal entity identifier (LE1): 5299000D13047E2L1V03 
Issue of [Title of Instruments] 
under the Programme for the 
Issuance of Warrants and Certificates 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below, any offer of Instruments in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Instruments. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Instruments may only do so: 
(a) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(b) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 6 of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons described in Paragraph 6 of Part B below [and which satisfies conditions set 
out therein] and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
The Issuer has not authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Instruments in any other 
circumstances. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 1 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Instruments in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the Instruments. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom of the Instruments 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. The Issuer has not authorised, nor does it 
authorise, the making of any offer of Instruments in any other circumstances.]2 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below is valid until and including 17 December 2021. The 
succeeding base prospectus relating to the Programme shall be [made available for viewing during 
normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at 
Satamaradankatu 
5, 
FI-00020 
Nordea, 
Helsinki, 
Finland 
and 
from 
[[website 
of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.dk/www.nordea.fi].3 
 
 
 
1 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Instruments is anticipated. 
2 
Include this legend where a non-exempt offer of Instruments is NOT anticipated. 
3 
Include this where the Offer Period will continue after the expiration of the base prospectus under which it was commenced, 
provided that a succeeding base prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the previous base 
prospectus.

--- Page 126 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 126 - 
70-41006567 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [original base prospectus dated 15 June 2016/15 June 2017/19 June 2018/18 
December 2018/18 December 2019]] and which are incorporated by reference in the] base prospectus dated 
18 December 2020 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] [which constitutes a base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation4]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Instruments described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation5] and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. [A summary of 
the Instruments is annexed to these Final Terms]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Instruments is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] and these Final Terms 
are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal 
office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, F1-0020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland and from [[website of 
distributor]/www.nordea.com/www.nordea.se/www.nordea.no/www.nordea.fi/www.nordea.dk]. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms. 
I. 
GENERAL TERMS 
1. 
 
 
 
(i) 
Instrument Type: 
[Warrant]/[Market 
Warrant]/[Turbo 
Warrant]/[Mini 
Future]/ 
[Unlimited 
Turbos]/ 
[Certificate]/[Max Certificate] 
 
(ii) 
Type of Warrant: 
[Call Warrant/Put Warrant/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Type of Market Warrant: 
[Call Market Warrant/Put Market Warrant/Long 
Market 
Warrant/Short 
Market 
Warrant/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Type of Turbo Warrant: 
[Turbo Call Warrant/Turbo Put Warrant/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Type of Mini Future/Unlimited 
Turbo: 
[Mini Future Long/Mini Future Short/Unlimited 
Turbo Long/Unlimited Turbo Short/Mini Future 
Basket Long/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Type of Certificate: 
[Bull Certificate/Bear Certificate/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[FX Underlying:  Applicable/Not Applicable] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of series] on [[insert date]/the 
Issue Date.] 
3. 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
4 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer. 
5 
Delete wording in square brackets for an unlisted, exempt offer.

--- Page 127 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 127 - 
70-41006567 
 
4. 
Number of Instruments: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] [per ISIN] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] [per ISIN]  
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] 
per 
Instrument/The 
Initial 
Price/The 
Instruments will be issued with an initial Issue Price 
of approximately [•] per cent on the Issue Date/The 
Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer on the 
Issue Date/Not Applicable, the Instruments will be 
issued on the Issue Date but will not be subscribed 
by any investor. The Instruments will be traded on 
the market(s) specified in Part B.1 of these Final 
Terms]. 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Settlement Date: 
[No later than][[•]/[•] Business Days/Scheduled 
Trading Days after the Expiration Date [or, if 
earlier, the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event 
or Stop Loss Event]]/[The earlier of [[•] or] [•] 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Days/Business 
Days] 
following an Early Expiration Event or Stop Loss 
Event]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day] 
 
[adjusted/unadjusted] 
9. 
Exchange Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[•]/As specified in the Conditions]

--- Page 128 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 128 - 
70-41006567 
 
II. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST OR YIELD 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 11 to 60 have been intentionally omitted]6 
11. 
Interest or Yield Basis: 
[Cap/Floor] 
[Capped Floor Float] 
[Compounding Floater] 
[Range Accrual] 
[Digital Long] 
[Digital Short] 
[Basket Long] 
[Basket Short] 
[Autocall Coupon] 
[Flat Coupon] 
[Memory Coupon] 
[Plus Flat Coupon] 
[Plus Memory Coupon] 
[Max Component] 
[Currency Component – Basket] 
[Currency Component – Underlying Asset and/or 
Basket Components] 
12. 
Base Rate 1: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/[•]] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Base Rate 2: 
 
Base Rate Floor 
[STIBOR/[•]] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Reuter's Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Base Rate Margin: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms] 
16. 
Day Calculation Method 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Interest Period(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Interest Payment Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/Each Scheduled Trading Day during the term of 
the Instrument/As determined in accordance with 
paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of 
"Reference Price"/the Expiration Date] 
21. 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/As set out in the Conditions] 
22. 
Yield Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Yield Determination Date(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Yield Payment Date(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
6 
Include where interest provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 129 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 129 - 
70-41006567 
 
25. 
Yield Period(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
Underlying Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Strike Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
28. 
Reference Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Cap Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Spread: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
34. 
Floor Strike: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
35. 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
36. 
Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
37. 
Gearing: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
38. 
X: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
39. 
Initial Price Higher: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Initial Price Lower: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Reference Price Determination Method: 
[Official Closing/Fixing /Valuation Time] [for 
Instruments with [•] as Underlying Asset(s)] 
42. 
Reference Price: 
[[•]/As determined in accordance with paragraph 
[(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of "Reference Price"] 
43. 
Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
44. 
Determination Dates 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
45. 
Observation Day for Barrier Level(s): 
[Continuous Observation [specify dates]] / [Pre-
determined 
Observation 
[specify 
dates]] 
/ 
[Expiration Date Observation] / [Not Applicable] 
46. 
Coupon: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
47. 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
48. 
Basket Floor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
49. 
Basket Participation: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
50. 
Lowest Basket Return: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
51. 
Participation Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
52. 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
53. 
Autocall Coupon: 
[Flat Coupon] [Memory Coupon] [Plus Flat 
Coupon] [Plus Memory Coupon]

--- Page 130 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 130 - 
70-41006567 
 
54. 
Coupon Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
55. 
Basket Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
56. 
Best/Worst Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
57. 
N: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
58. 
Max Component: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
59. 
Currency Component-Basket: 
[[•]/Applicable/Applicable where the Basket Return 
is [positive/negative]/Not Applicable] 
60. 
Currency component - Underlying 
Asset: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Applicable to the following 
Basket Components: [•]] 
III. 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
SETTLEMENT 
 
61. 
Expiration Date: 
[•]/[Not 
Applicable][Expiration 
Date 
Determination] [As set out in the table in Part B of 
these Final Terms] 
62. 
Number of Expiration Date Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
63. 
Initial Price: 
[[•]/The Reference Price on the Initial Price 
Determination Date/The arithmetic mean value of 
the Reference Prices on the Initial Price 
Determination Date/The arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Prices for the Initial Price Determination 
Period/The Strike Price/Not Applicable/ As 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
64. 
Initial Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
65. 
Initial Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/The first Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
prior to the Issue Date which is not a Disrupted 
Day/Not Applicable] 
66. 
Closing Price: 
[The Reference Price on the Closing Price 
Determination Date] /[or] [The arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Prices on the Closing Price 
Determination Dates] /[or] [The arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Prices during the Closing Price 
Determination Period] [as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole discretion] [Not Applicable] 
67. 
Closing Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Closing Date Determination/the Redemption 
Date/the Expiration Date/Expiration Date and the 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Expiration 
Date] 
68. 
Closing 
Price 
following 
Early 
Expiration Event: 
[[Condition 6(d) is Applicable/Condition 6(d) is 
Not Applicable] 
69. 
Closing Price following Stop Loss 
Event: 
[Condition 6(i) is Applicable/Condition 6(i) is not 
Applicable] 
70. 
Number of Closing Date Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
71. 
Strike Price: 
[[•][%]/Not Applicable/The Reference Price on the 
Strike Price Determination Date/The arithmetic

--- Page 131 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 131 - 
70-41006567 
 
mean value of the Strike Prices on the Strike Price 
Determination Dates/The arithmetic mean of the 
Strike Prices for the Strike Price Determination 
Period/As specified in the table in Part B of these 
Final Terms] 
72. 
Strike Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
73. 
Strike Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/The first Scheduled Trading Day they 
immediately prior to the Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
74. 
Financing Level: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part 
B of these Final Terms] 
75. 
Financing Level Calculation Date: 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable/Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Cumulative Financing Level] 
76. 
Redemption Price: 
[[•]/Cumulative Redemption Price/Not Applicable] 
77. 
Base Rate: 
[STIBOR/[•]/Not Applicable/0(zero)/As specified 
in the table in Part B of these Final Terms/[•] per 
cent per annum] 
 
 
Base Rate Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
78. 
Reuter's Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable/[As specified in the table in Part 
B of these Final Terms]] 
79. 
Base Rate Margin: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms.] 
80. 
Day Calculation Method 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual 365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360]]/[Not Applicable] 
81. 
Redemption Price Start: 
[Currency] [Price] [Not Applicable] 
82. 
Reference Price Determination Method: 
[Official Closing/Fixing /Valuation Time] [for 
Instruments with [•] as Underlying Asset(s)] 
83. 
Reference Price: 
[[•]/As determined in accordance with paragraph 
[(i)/(ii)/(iii)/(iv)] of the definition of "Reference 
Price"] 
84. 
Reference Price Determination Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
85. 
Reference Price Determination Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
86. 
Valuation Date: 
[[•]/Each Scheduled Trading Day during the term of 
the Instrument/As determined in accordance with 
paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of 
"Reference Price"/the Expiration Date] 
87. 
Valuation Time: 
[[•]/As set out in the Conditions] 
88. 
Multiplier: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[The Initial Price [multiplied 
by the Initial Translation Rate]]/[As specified in the 
table in Part B of these Final Terms] 
89. 
Underlying Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
90. 
Participation Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 132 - 
70-41006567 
 
91. 
Leverage Factor: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] [Applicable to calculation of 
[Accumulated 
Value 
Change] 
[and] 
[not] 
[Accumulated Financing] [As specified in the table 
in Part B of these Final Terms]] 
92. 
Early Expiration Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
93. 
Nordnet Termination Event: 
[Condition 6(j) is Applicable/Not Applicable] 
94. 
Commencement of observation of Early 
Expiration Event: 
[Issue Date/Listing Date/Not Applicable] 
95. 
Number of Trading Hours: 
[[•] hours/Not Applicable] 
96. 
Initial Translation Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable/the exchange rate determined 
on the [first/last] Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Initial Price Determination Period/the exchange rate 
determined on the Initial Price Determination 
Date/the Translation Rate on the [Scheduled 
Trading Day prior to the] Listing Date] [which is 
not a Disrupted Trading Day] 
97. 
Translation Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable /[Not Applicable] 
 
Crossing Currency: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
98. 
Exchange Rate Reference Source: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
99. 
Exchange Rate Reference Time: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
100. 
Settlement Amount Cap: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
101. 
Settlement Amount Floor: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
102. 
Dividend Coupon: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
103. 
Dividend Coupon Date(s): 
[•]/Not Applicable 
104. 
Dividend Reinvestment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
105. 
Dividend Reinvestment Date(s): 
[•]/Not Applicable 
106. 
Material Price Movement: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
107. 
Material Price Percentage: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
108. 
Max Level: 
[•]/Not Applicable/[As specified in the table in Part 
B of these Final Terms] 
109. 
Barrier Level(s): 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] [The percentage of the most 
recent official closing price for such Underlying 
Asset(s) quoted on the relevant Reference 
Source(s)/the Financing Level/the Strike Price[ 
specified in the table in Part B of these Final 
Terms].  
110. 
Determination Date(s): 
[•]/Not Applicable 
111. 
Barrier Reference Price: 
[•]/[Any of the transaction prices during continuous 
trading listed on a Reference Source, commencing 
on the Listing Date up to and including the

--- Page 133 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 133 - 
70-41006567 
 
Expiration Date /the last trade price during 
continuous trading on a Reference Source on the 
Expiration Date]/[Not Applicable]] 
112. 
Observation Day for Barrier Level(s): 
[Continuous 
Observation] 
/ 
[Pre-determined 
Observation [specify dates]] / [Expiration Date 
Observation] / [Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Observation Start Date: [•] 
(ii) 
Observation End Date: [•]] 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Listing Date] 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Expiration Date] 
113. 
Administration Fee: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
114. 
Maximum Administration Fee: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]  
115. 
Initial Accumulated Value: 
[•] [The Accumulated Value of one Instrument of 
Series [•] Tranche [•] for ISIN [•] on the Issue Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
116. 
Accumulated Value Calculation Day: 
[[•]/Each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Accumulated Value Calculation Period] 
117. 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
118. 
Stop Loss Level: 
[Not Applicable/[Initially [•], and thereafter] The 
product 
of 
the 
[Reference 
Price/Financing 
Level/most recent official closing price for the 
Underlying Asset quoted on the Reference Source] 
and the result obtained by subtracting the Stop Loss 
Buffer from 100% or Adding the Stop Loss Buffer 
to 100%, as specified in the Conditions] 
119. 
Stop Loss Reference Price: 
[•]/[All of the most recent transaction prices during 
continuous trading listed on a Reference Source, 
commencing on the Listing Date up to and 
including the Expiration Date/the last trade price 
during continuous trading on a Reference Source on 
the Expiration Date]/[Not Applicable]] 
120. 
Stop Loss Rollover Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable/Each Scheduled Trading Day] 
121. 
Stop Loss Buffer: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/[As specified in the table in 
Part B of these Final Terms] 
 
[Maximum Stop Loss Buffer]: 
[[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in the table in Part 
B of these Final Terms] 
122. 
Stop Loss Observation Period: 
[The period from and including [•] to and including 
[•] [on each [weekday] from [•] a.m. to [•] p.m.]/ [•] 
Not Applicable] 
IV. 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
[APPLICABLE/NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
 
[Items 123 to 128 have been intentionally omitted]7 
123. 
Application for Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
7 
Include where early redemption provisions are marked as "Not Applicable"

--- Page 134 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 134 - 
70-41006567 
 
124. 
Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[[•] in each year or, if such day 
is not a Business Day, the next following Business 
Day] 
125. 
Number of Redemption Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
126. 
Redemption Fee: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent of the Settlement 
Amount] 
127. 
Specific Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
128. 
Redemption Price: 
[•]/[Cumulative 
Redemption 
Price]/ 
[Not 
Applicable]/[As set out in the Conditions] 
V. 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DISRUPTION, ADJUSTMENTS AND OTHER 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS. 
129. 
Change in Law: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
130. 
Increased Costs of Hedging: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
131. 
Hedging Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
132. 
Market Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
133. 
Commodity Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
134. 
Currency Disruption: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
135. 
Fund Event: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
136. 
Changed Calculation: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
137. 
Corrections: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
138. 
Correction Commodity: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
139. 
Correction Currency: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
140. 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
141. 
Interest Rate Fallback: 
[As set out in the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
142. 
Form of Instruments: 
[Registered Instruments: 
 
 
Global Registered Instrument registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
[Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/ [•]] 
 
 
[VP Instruments 
 
 
The 
Instruments 
are 
VP 
Instruments 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[VPS Instruments: 
 
 
The 
Instruments 
are 
VPS 
Instruments 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form]

--- Page 135 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 135 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
 
[Swedish Instruments 
 
 
The Instruments are Swedish Instruments in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[Finnish Instruments 
 
 
The Instruments are Finnish Instruments in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form] 
143. 
Calculation Agent: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
144. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/LIBOR//NIBOR/STIBOR/M
OSPRIME/WIBOR/HIBOR/TIBOR/insert 
name 
of index] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [Not 
Applicable] 
145. 
Governing Law: 
[English Law/ 
 
 
Finnish Law/ 
 
 
Swedish Law/ 
 
 
Norwegian Law/ 
 
 
Danish Law] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the [Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq Stockholm/Nasdaq 
Helsinki/Nasdaq Copenhagen/Oslo Børs/Nasdaq Oslo/Nordic Derivatives Exchange]] of the Instruments 
described herein pursuant to the Programme for the Issuance of Warrants and Certificates of Nordea Bank 
Abp. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 136 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 136 - 
70-41006567 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Instruments to be 
admitted to the official list and to trading on the [Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc, 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin/Nasdaq Stockholm/Nasdaq Helsinki/Nasdaq 
Copenhagen/ 
Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic 
Derivatives 
Exchange/NASDAQ 
First 
North 
Stockholm/ 
NASDAQ 
First 
North 
Helsinki/ 
NASDAQ First North Copenhagen]/[•]] with effect 
from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to 
the official list and to trading on the [Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin/Nasdaq 
Stockholm/Nasdaq Helsinki]/Nasdaq Copenhagen/ 
Oslo 
Børs/Nasdaq 
Oslo/Nordic 
Derivatives 
Exchange/ NASDAQ First North Stockholm/ 
NASDAQ First North Helsinki/ NASDAQ First 
North Copenhagen/[•] with effect from [•].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Listing Date:  
[•] / [Not Applicable]/[The Issue Date] 
 
Listing Currency: 
[SEK] / [EUR] / [DKK] / [NOK] / [GBP] / [USD] / 
[PLN] / [RUB] / [HKD] / [JPY] / [Specify] 
 
Trading Lot: 
[[•] Warrants/Certificates constitute one Trading 
Lot. A maximum of [•] Warrants/Certificates are 
offered at any given time, i.e. the maximum number 
of Warrants/Certificates in respect of which the 
Issuer quotes prices.] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:] 
["Save for any fees payable to Authorised Offerors or other third party distributors (if any) in 
connection with the distribution of the Instruments, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Instruments has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests) 
[In connection with the issuance and offer of the Instruments, the Issuer will make use of the 
marketing and customer support services of Nordnet Bank ("Nordnet"). The Issuer will 
compensate Nordnet for such services.] 
[In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement with Nordnet (the "Nordnet Agreement") 
under the terms of which Nordnet will make the Instruments available on Nordnet's online trading 
platform. Nordnet will receive compensation under the agreement.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES

--- Page 137 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 137 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the 
Instruments will be used for the general 
banking and other corporate purposes of the 
Issuer and the Nordea Group.] / [Specify 
alternative purpose if applicable].  
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]/[The net proceeds will be determined on 
the basis of the number of Instruments sold 
during the Offer Period multiplied by the 
relevant Offer Price, net of any applicable 
fees and expenses.] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
4. 
[INITIAL PRICE] 
Instrument Trading Code/ 
ISIN 
Initial Price 
[•] 
[[SEK [•]] / [EUR [•]] / [DKK [•]] / [NOK [•]] / [GBP 
[•]] / [USD [•]] / [PLN [•]] / [RUB [•]] / [HKD [•]] / 
[JPY 
[•]]/ 
[•]] 
 
[specify Instrument Trading 
Code(s)] 
[specify Initial Price per instrument, as applicable] 
 
5. 
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING ASSET(S) 
 
Need to include details of where information about the past and the future performance of the 
Underlying Asset(s) and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge.] 
Instrument 
Trading 
Code/ ISIN 
Underlying 
Asset(s) [and]/ 
Issuer 
Underlying 
Asset ISIN 
[Weight]/ 
[Number of 
Instruments] 
[Max level]/ 
[Multiplier] 
[Barrier Level] 
[Strike 
Price/ 
Financing 
Level/ 
Strike 
Level] 
[Reference 
Price and 
Currency]/ 
[Expiration 
Date] [and] 
[Settlement 
Date] 
Reference 
Source/ 
Market(s) 
on which 
the 
Underlying 
Asset(s) 
is/are 
admitted to 
trading 
[Base 
Rate 
Margin] 
[Max 
Level]/[Leverage 
Factor] 
[Stop Loss 
Buffer] 
/[Maximum 
Stop Loss 
Buffer] 
[Base Rate] 
 
[share] [index] 
[depository 
receipt] [bond] 
[exchange 
rate][commodit
y] [fund] 
[interest rate] 
[basket] 
[futures 
contract] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]/[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•/0 (zero)]] 
[Base Rate 
Floor: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[share] [index] 
[depository 
receipt] [bond] 
[exchange rate] 
[commodity] 
[fund] [interest 
rate] [basket] 
[futures 
contract] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]/[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•/0 (zero) 
[Base Rate 
Floor: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
The information below comprises extracts from, or summaries of, information which is in the 
public domain. The Issuer assumes responsibility for the information being correctly reproduced. 
However, the Issuer has not conducted any independent verification of the information and 
assumes no liability for the information being correct. 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is an index] 
 
Index's designation: 
[•] 
 
Index provider: 
[•] 
 
Description:  
[•]

--- Page 138 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 138 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
Additional information:  
Additional information regarding the index is 
available on [Internet address] 
 
Disclaimers: 
[insert applicable disclaimer text in accordance with 
any licence agreement] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a basket] 
 
Basket's designation: 
[•] 
 
Index calculator or issuer of Basket 
Components: 
[•] 
 
Information regarding Basket 
Component 
Additional information about the Basket Component 
is available on [Internet address]. 
 
Basket 
Component 
Basket Component 
ISIN/Code 
Type of asset 
Basket Component 
Weight 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[share] 
[index] 
[depository 
receipt] 
[bond] [exchange rate] 
[commodity] 
[fund] 
[interest 
rate] 
[basket] 
[futures contract] 
[•] 
 
[Cash] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Cash Value] 
 
 
[Where the Underlying Assets comprise a Mini Futures Basket Long] 
 
Cash Component: 
Long Asset: 
Short Asset: 
Basket Weight: 
[•] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
Long Asset: [•] 
Short Asset: [•] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a commodity, exchange rate, interest rate, forward contract 
or futures contract] 
 
Underlying Asset's designation:  
[•] 
 
Description:  
[•] [The futures contract referencing [•], which in the 
opinion of the Issuer has the shortest remaining term 
of the cash settled futures contracts listed on the 
Reference Source] [and which is sufficiently liquid] 
[futures contracts with expiration of [•] in each year 
are used] 
[The rate of exchange between [•] and [•] quoted on 
the Reference Source.] 
 
Historical rate /Rate diagram:  
[Rate diagram covering one year, where available] 
 
Rolling of Futures Contracts: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 139 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
Roll Date(s): 
[•] [Any day from and including] [The [•] Scheduled 
Trading Day [in the month] prior to expiration of the 
relevant futures contract] 
 
Additional information:  
Additional information regarding an Underlying 
Asset is available on [Internet address]. 
 
Disclaimer: 
[insert disclaimer language as applicable in 
accordance with any license agreement] 
 
[Where the Underlying Asset is a fund] 
 
Fund's designation: 
[•] 
 
Description: 
The "Fund" was started on [date] and has its 
registered office in [city] in [country]. Assets under 
management as per [date] were [currency] [_]. The 
Fund's investment focus is [_]. (Source [source]. 
 
Historical rate /Rate diagram:  
[Rate diagram covering one year, where available] 
 
Additional information:  
The Fund maintains a web site on [Internet address]. 
 
Management Company: 
[•] 
 
Authorisation: 
Central Bank of Ireland/other [specify competent 
authority]. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•]/[As specified in the table above] 
 
Common Code: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
[Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
Finland / Euroclear Sweden / VP / Euronext VPS / 
[•]]  
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
[Paying Agent(s) / VP Issuing Agent(s) / 
VPS Paying Agent(s) / Swedish Issuing 
Agent(s)/Finnish Issuing Agent(s)] (if 
any): 
[Not applicable] / [Give name and address] 
 
Market Maker: 
[Nordea] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 140 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 140 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable. The Instruments will not be 
distributed by way of Public Offer.] 
 
 
[The Issuer intends to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of the Instruments 
during the period from and including [specify 
date/the Listing Date] to and including [specify 
date/the Expiration Date] (the "Offer Period") in 
[specify relevant Member State(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] ("Public Offer 
Jurisdictions), but does not consent to the use of the 
Base Prospectus by any person other than the 
Issuer.][The Issuer has consented to the Instruments 
being made available on Nordnet's online trading 
platform.] 
 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Public Offer of the Instruments 
during the period from and including [specify 
date/the Listing Date] to and including [specify 
date/the Expiration Date] (the "Offer Period") by 
[insert names of financial intermediaries/Nordnet] 
[via its online trading platform] in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) – which must be jurisdictions where 
the Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") [and 
subject to the following conditions: [set out clear and 
objective conditions], for so long as they are 
authorised to make such offers under the Markets in 
Financial 
Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended). 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]8 
 
Offer Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable. The Instruments will initially be 
created and held by the Issuer for its own account, in 
order that they are available for resale to prospective 
investors from time to time. The Instruments will be 
offered for purchase over the relevant securities 
exchange at the price that is the official price quoted 
on the securities exchange from time to time].  
 
Expenses included in the Offer Price: 
Not Applicable/[•] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
[The Issuer reserves its rights to cancel the offer 
under the following circumstances; 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of Instruments 
purchased on or before [insert date] is less 
than [insert amount];  
 
8 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or if a KID has been prepared, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the offer of the Instruments may constitute "packaged" products and no KID has been prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)

--- Page 141 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 141 - 
70-41006567 
 
 
 
(b) 
the [insert relevant variable] cannot be set at 
[relevant value corresponding to the 
indicated minimum value]; or 
 
 
(c) 
if any event of an economic, financial or 
political nature occurs and which may 
jeopardise a successful offer, as determined 
by the Issuer]. 
 
 
[The Issuer may also replace any Underlying Asset 
listed in the table(s) above at any time on or prior to 
[insert date] with a comparable type of underlying 
Asset]. 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/[•]/Prospective investors should 
purchase Instruments through an intermediary that is 
a direct or indirect member of the relevant securities 
exchange where the Instruments are admitted to 
trading] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:  
[Not Applicable [Instruments will be offered for 
purchase over the relevant securities exchange and 
there will be no offer for subscription]/[•]/The terms 
on which any subscriptions may be reduced will be 
determined in accordance with the terms and 
conditions agreed between the relevant investor and 
the relevant distributor or Authorised Offeror.] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Instruments: 
[Not Applicable [purchases of Instruments will be 
settled in accordance with the standard procedures of 
the relevant settlement system]/[•]/The Issuer will 
use reasonable endeavours to settle any application 
to purchase instruments promptly following the 
communication of any order by a distributor or 
Authorised Offeror. Arrangements for the delivery 
of the Instruments to investors, and payment of the 
applicable purchase price, will be determined in 
accordance with the procedures agreed between the 
relevant investor and the relevant distributor or 
Authorised Offeror.] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable.] [Following the Offer Period a 
Final Terms Confirmation Announcement will be 
published by the Irish Listing Agent. Instruments 
will be made available for sale on a continuing basis 
and therefore may be purchased at any time 
throughout their life and at a variety of different 
prices depending on prevailing market conditions at 
the time of purchase.] [Instruments will be made 
available for sale on a continuing basis and therefore 
may be purchased at any time throughout their life 
and at a variety of different prices depending on 
prevailing market conditions at the time of 
purchase]/[•]] 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
[Not Applicable/[•]]]

--- Page 142 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 142 - 
70-41006567 
 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the Instruments are offered and 
whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]] 
 
[Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable [Instruments will be offered for 
purchase over the relevant securities exchange and 
therefore the Issuer will not provide notification of 
allotments/[•]]/Notification of allotments will be 
provided by the relevant distributor or Authorised 
Offeror in accordance with the terms and conditions 
agreed between the relevant investor and such 
distributor or authorised offeror.]] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable /[•]/[In connection with the issuance 
of this type of Instruments, the Issuer incurs costs 
for, among other things, production, distribution, 
licences, 
[stock 
exchange 
listing] 
and 
risk 
management. In order to cover these costs, the Issuer 
charges production fees. The production fee is 
included in the purchase price charged by the Issuer 
to the relevant purchaser, distributor or Authorised 
Offeror and will amount to a maximum of [•]per cent 
([•] per cent per year), calculated on the price of the 
Instruments]. 
[A distribution fee of up to [•] per cent: ([•] per cent. 
per year) calculated on the price of the Instrument 
will be paid by the Issuer to the Authorised Offeror. 
The distribution fee is included in the purchase price 
charged by the Issuer.] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the Authorised 
Offerors in the various countries where 
the offer takes place. 
[None/[•]] 
[Address: [[•]] 
 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Instruments are [not] subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.]9 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
[To be inserted] 
 
9 
The Instruments should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, if they (i) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices 
considered to be "qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Instruments and are issued prior 
to 1 January 2023. Delta-One Instruments, or Non-Delta-One Instruments issued on or after 1 January 2023, that reference a 
U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis to determine whether 
they are Section 871(m) Instruments.

--- Page 143 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 143 - 
70-41006567 
 
THE NORDEA GROUP 
General 
The Nordea Group is the leading bank in the Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) 
measured by total income. The Nordea Group has a large customer base with approximately 10 million 
customers, consisting of approximately 9.3 million household customers, 530,000 small and medium-sized 
corporate customers and 2,650 large corporate and institutional customers, in each case as of 31 December 
2019. As of the same date, the Nordea Group had total assets of EUR 554.8 billion and tier 1 capital of 
EUR 27.5 billion, and was the largest Nordic-based asset manager with EUR 324.1 billion in assets under 
management. The Nordea Group's total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2019 was EUR 
8,635 million.  
The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to 
household and corporate customers, including financial institutions. The Nordea Group's products and 
services comprise a broad range of household banking services, including mortgages and consumer loans, 
credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of savings, life insurance and pension products. In addition, the 
Nordea Group offers a wide range of corporate banking services, including business loans, cash 
management, payment and account services, risk management products and advisory services, debt and 
equity-related products for liquidity and capital raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, institutional 
asset management services and corporate life and pension products. The Nordea Group also distributes 
general insurance products. With approximately 340 branch office locations, call centres in each of the 
Nordic markets, and a highly competitive net bank, the Nordea Group also has the largest distribution 
network for customers in the Nordic markets. 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, is organised under the laws of Finland and is 
headquartered in Helsinki. Its ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki 
(in euro), Stockholm (in Swedish krona) and Copenhagen (in Danish krone). 
Strategy  
The Nordea Group is a banking group with a relationship strategy centred on its customers and advisory 
capabilities. The Nordea Group's strategic direction is primarily driven by, and reflective of, the needs of 
its customers and the challenging macroeconomic and regulatory environment in which the Nordea Group 
and its customers operate. In the autumn of 2019, Nordea entered a new phase with three key priorities and 
new targets. In October 2019, a new direction for Nordea was presented, with an updated business plan and 
new financial targets. The new financial targets for 2022 are a cost to income ratio of 50 per cent and a 
return on equity above 10 per cent.  
Strengthening the customer-centric organisation  
To facilitate a sharp customer focus, and to reflect the unique needs of the different customer segments, 
Nordea is organised into four business areas: Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates & 
Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management. Through this organisation, the Nordea Group seeks to ensure 
optimal delivery, while increasing the time spent with customers and reducing the time required to bring 
new products and services to market. The Nordea Group has, as from 1 January 2020, adjusted its 
organisation to support the following three priorities: (i) optimising operational efficiency, (ii) driving of 
income growth initiatives and (iii) creating great customer experiences. The business areas have a stronger 
mandate to take the necessary actions, supported by Group functions, to deliver on these three priorities. 
To rebalance the roles and responsibilities between the first and second lines of defence, the activities of 
the Group Business Risk Management unit were assigned to the business areas, to Group Risk & 
Compliance and to other Group functions in connection with the organisational updates. The Group 
Corporate Centre unit was renamed to Group Business Support that has been structured to fully support the 
priorities of the business. Nordea believes that the new organisational structure will create clearer 
accountability, remove overlaps and utilise synergies. 
Digitalisation and distribution transformation 
Digitalisation is one of the main drivers for change in banking as well as in many other industries. Customer 
preferences and expectation on accessibility, ease and personalisation are key reasons behind this trend. 
The Nordea Group has seen, and continues to see, a rapid increase in customer demand for mobile solutions.

--- Page 144 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 144 - 
70-41006567 
 
In order to be a truly digital bank, the Nordea Group is on a transformational journey. The ramp-up phase 
of this journey was completed between 2015 and 2017, and the Nordea Group is now in the execution 
phase, which will continue until 2021. At the end of this phase, the ambition is that the Nordea Group's 
distribution channels, processes, IT infrastructure and operations will be state-of-the-art, enabling efficient, 
agile and compliant operations, and that the Nordea Group has transformed into a scalable, resilient, 
efficient and digital relationship bank. The transition activities include the shift from physical to digital 
distribution and the establishment of e-branches as well as the use of artificial intelligence. 
Building a resilient business for the future 
The Nordea Group is acting responsibly by taking into consideration its environmental impact while 
mitigating risks and managing its customers' monies. Sustainability is an important factor and the Nordea 
Group's sustainability policy, therefore, sets out principles on investments, financing and advice. The 
Nordea Group integrates environmental, social and governance ("ESG") issues into Nordea's investment 
analysis methodology, to ensure that investment and portfolio construction decisions are based on a full set 
of information. The Nordea Group also integrates ESG risk evaluation into its credit decision-making, and 
the ESG risk category of customers is part of customer credit analyses. 
Trust and Responsibility 
The Nordea Group has set a target to be a leading institution in terms of regulatory compliance in the Nordic 
countries. The Nordea Group puts an emphasis on quickly implementing new rules and regulations, making 
it an integral part of its business model. 
Legal Structure 
Nordea Group 
The following chart sets forth the main legal structure of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Nordea announced in February 2016 that the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ), together with 
each of the boards of directors of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank 
Norge ASA, had signed cross-border merger plans (together, the "2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans"). In

--- Page 145 ---
261214-2145983022-1-v6.0 
- 145 - 
70-41006567 
 
March 2016, the general meeting of Nordea Bank AB (publ) approved the 2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans 
that were entered into with the aim to convert Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s Danish, Finnish and Norwegian 
subsidiary banks to branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ) by means of cross-border mergers (the "2017 
Subsidiary Mergers"). The 2017 Subsidiary Mergers took effect on 2 January 2017 under applicable 
national legislation implementing the European Cross Border Mergers Directive (2005/56/EC) and Nordea 
Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank Norge ASA ceased to exist, with their 
operations being carried out in branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ). On 1 October 2016, as part of the 2017 
Subsidiary Mergers process, a new mortgage credit bank (Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc) was established in 
Finland through a demerger of Nordea Bank Finland Plc to continue the covered bond operations conducted 
by Nordea Bank Finland Plc. Nordea believes that the simplified legal structure has strengthened 
governance and supports the Nordea Group's work to increase agility, efficiency and economies of scale. 
In September 2017, the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) decided to initiate the Re-
domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to 
Finland, which is participating in the EU's banking union. The Re-domiciliation was carried out through a 
cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption through which Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent 
company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation, was merged into its wholly owned subsidiary 
Nordea Bank Abp (i.e., the Merger). Nordea Bank Abp was established specifically for the purpose of the 
Merger and became the new parent company of the Nordea Group upon the completion of the Merger on 1 
October 2018. Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the completion of the Merger by way of universal 
succession in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law.  
Overview of the Merger 
The merger plan (the "Merger Plan"), which set out the terms and conditions and related procedures for 
the Merger, was signed by the boards of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp in 
October 2017. Pursuant to the Merger Plan, Nordea Bank AB (publ) was to be merged into Nordea Bank 
Abp through the Merger, which was executed as a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption 
pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 16, Sections 19–28 of the Finnish Companies Act and, as applicable, 
Chapter 2 of the Finnish Commercial Banking Act (Fi: laki liikepankeista ja muista osakeyhtiömuotoisista 
luottolaitoksista (1501/2001)) as well as Chapter 23, Section 36 (with further reference) of the Swedish 
Companies Act and Chapter 10, Sections 18–25 b of the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
Nordea Bank AB (publ) was automatically dissolved on 1 October 2018, which was the date on which the 
Merger was registered with the Finnish Trade Register (i.e., the Completion Date). For accounting and legal 
purposes, Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the Completion Date by way of universal succession 
in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law and the transactions of Nordea Bank AB 
were treated as being those of Nordea Bank Abp. 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s shareholders received as merger consideration one new share in Nordea Bank 
Abp for each share in Nordea Bank AB (publ) that they owned as of the Completion Date (the "Merger 
Consideration"), meaning that the Merger Consideration was issued to the shareholders of Nordea Bank 
AB (publ) in proportion to their existing shareholding with an exchange ratio of 1:1. 
Nordea Group's Organisation 
Overview 
The Nordea Group's organisational structure is built around four main business areas: Personal Banking, 
Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition to the 
business areas, the Nordea Group's organisation includes Group Functions and Other, which covers the 
following six Group functions: Group Business Support, Group Finance, Group Risk & Compliance, Chief 
of Staff Office, Group Legal and Group People.

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
Business Areas   
The following chart sets forth the Nordea Group's organisation as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
CO
President & Group CEO
Group Internal Audit
Group Sustainable Finance
Group Strategy Office
Group Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions
Group Financial Steering
CEO Office
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Large Corporates and 
Institutions
Personal
Banking
Group Finance /
Group CFO
Business Banking
Group Risk and 
Compliance/ Group 
CRO
Group People
Group Business 
Support
Group Legal / Group 
Chief Legal Officer**
Asset Management
Priv ate Banking and 
I&SA
Life & Pension and 
Funds
Inv estment Centre
Personal Banking 
Denmark
Personal Banking 
Finland 
Personal Banking 
Norway
Product & Dev elopment
Personal Banking 
Sweden
Finance Reporting and 
Control
Group Treasury 
and ALM
CFO Office
Group Financial 
Management
Group Accounting
Group Financial
Accounts and
Disclosures
Group Procurement
Inv estor Relations
Transaction Banking
Business Banking DK
Balance Sheet Risk 
Controls
Group Credit Risk 
Control
Group Market & 
Counterparty Credit Risk
Group Operational Risk
People Serv ices
Reward
Organisation
Core Banking 
Programme
Technology
Group Architecture
Group Workplace 
Management
Group Data Management 
Office
LC&Ix
Balance Sheet Mgmt
Group Financial Crime 
Prev ention
Group Credit 
Management
Nordea Finance
BB Strategy & Support 
and Balance Sheet 
Management
One Digital
GRC COO
GBS Office
LC&I Legal
Group Business Support 
Legal
BB Legal
Wealth 
Management Legal
Personal Banking Legal
Group 
Corporate Legal
People & Operations 
Legal
Gov ernance  Office
* This chart is updated quarterly  by  the Gov ernance Of f ice in Group Legal and is f or 
illustrativ e purposes only
Group Regulatory 
Management
Operations
Markets
International Div ision 
& Russia
C&IB
Strategy and Bus 
Dev elopment
Digital Serv ices 
Corporates
Business Banking SE
Business Banking NO
Business Banking FI
Group Business Support 
People
LC&I People
Group Finance People
AWM People
PeB People
BB People
Talent
Learning
Group Compliance
Risk Models
Chief of Staff
Consumer Finance and 
Digital Sales
PEB COO
Chief Security Office
Deputy CRO
Group People Office
Digital Wealth
Group Tax
Deputy CFO & Group 
Treasurer
Group Brand, Comm 
and Marketing
** Deputy  Managing Director of  Nordea Abp

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
Personal Banking 
The Personal Banking business area serves the Nordea Group's household customers through various 
channels offering a full range of financial services and solutions. The Nordea Group's aim is for Personal 
Banking customers to entrust Nordea with all their banking business.  
Within Personal Banking, the Nordea Group operates a multi-channel distribution strategy in the household 
customer segment to ensure that household customers can access the bank where, when and how it suits 
them. The three core channels of Personal Banking's distribution strategy are branches, remote channels 
(e.g., contact centre, e-branches) and digital channels (e.g., internet bank, mobile bank). Through the 
Nordea Group's common customer relationship system, the three distribution channels are integrated so 
that recording of customer interaction in one channel is simultaneously available in all other channels.  
Personal Banking comprises the customer units (Personal Banking Denmark, Personal Banking Finland, 
Personal Banking Norway, Personal Banking Sweden), Products & Development, One Digital and Personal 
Banking COO Organisation. The Products & Development unit is responsible for lending and deposit 
products and related product offerings for household customers. The mortgage companies in all four Nordic 
countries also belong to the Products & Development unit. One Digital develops and delivers digital 
services, solutions and experiences for all customers within Nordea, even though the unit is anchored in 
Personal Banking. This primarily covers mobile banking, Nordea's netbanks, Nora and Nova, the platform 
for digital sales, digital design and digital customer experience. The Personal Banking COO Organisation 
provides internal support to all Personal Banking units by maintaining and developing the core Personal 
Banking systems and the banking platforms. 
Business Banking 
Business Banking (up to December 2019 named Commercial & Business Banking) serves, advises and 
partners with corporate customers, covering all their business needs through a full range of services, 
including payments, cash management, cards, working capital management and finance solutions. The 
customers of the business area are serviced out of physical and online branches across the Nordic region. 
In the second quarter of 2018, Nordea merged the divisions Commercial Banking and Business Banking 
into one customer responsible division, Nordea Business Banking. Nordea Business Banking is the 
customer responsible unit within Business Banking serving small and mid- to large corporate customers. 
The division comprises four Business Banking units in each of the four main markets serving mid- to large 
corporate customers, a Nordic Real Estate organisation, a Business Banking Direct organisation serving 
small corporate customers and a Strategy & Support unit developing solutions and supporting the segments 
to reach their targets. 
The customers serviced by Business Banking are small, mid-sized and large corporates, with a range of 
different needs. Therefore, the customer base is segmented into two main customer clusters such that each 
segment has similar business needs. Business Banking's organisation is divided into the following parts: 
Business Banking, Transaction Banking, Nordea Finance, Digital Services, Business Banking Direct, 
Business Banking COO Organisation and Strategy and Balance Sheet Management.  
Transaction organisation provides services to all personal and corporate customers across the Nordic region. 
Services include payments, cards, point of sale financing, and working capital management. Nordea 
Finance provides sales financing, equipment investment financing and asset-based financing solutions to 
customers. Balance Sheet Management is, together with Group units, responsible for developing and 
maintaining the REA and funding position in Business Banking. The Business Banking COO Organisation 
has the responsibility across a number of key functions, service development, data management and 
operations that support Business Banking, Transaction Banking and Nordea Finance. In addition, to 
strengthen the focus on digital development, Business Banking has established a new digital area, Digital 
Services Corporate, with the aim of enabling increased customer services and enhance efficiency as well 
as quality in our digital services. 
The primary strategic objective of Business Banking is to transform the way it services customers in order 
to remain relevant to them, while at the same time structuring the Nordea Group's operations in a way that 
generates cost efficiencies and quality gains. To achieve this objective, the strategic focus areas of Business 
Banking support existing targets and strategies, including (i) best-in-class advisory – tailored to customer

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
needs and preferences; (ii) best-in-class digital experience – anywhere and anytime; (iii) efficiency and 
scale – one Nordic model; and (iv) future capabilities in a disruptive market – sustainable competitiveness.  
Large Corporates & Institutions 
Large Corporates & Institutions (up to December 2019 named Wholesale Banking) provides financial 
solutions to large Nordic and international corporate and institutional customers. The offering includes a 
diverse range of financing, cash management and payment services, investment banking, capital markets 
products and securities services. The Large Corporates & Institutions business area includes the business 
units Corporates, Institutions & Investment Banking ("CI&IB"), Markets, Balance Sheet Management, 
International Division & Russia, Large Corporates & Institutions COO Organisation, Strategy & Business 
Development and LC&Ix. 
By combining the entire value chain from customer units through product units to operations, Large 
Corporates & Institutions can leverage from the scale and quality of its franchise and create great customer 
experiences for Nordic as well as designated international customers. Value-adding solutions provide the 
Nordea Group's customers with access to financing in the capital markets and with tailored financial tools 
to optimise their business and manage their risks.  
Corporates, Institutions & Investment Banking is a customer-responsible organisation serving the largest 
corporate and institutional customers and offers a full range of banking services, providing customers with 
integrated advisory and competitive financial solutions within mergers and acquisitions, equity capital 
markets, debt capital markets, cash management, leveraged finance, project finance, export and trade 
finance and custody services. Corporates, Institutions & Investment Banking performs client coordination 
and loan coverage through four units, covering each of the Nordic countries (CI&IB Denmark, CI&IB 
Finland, CI&IB Norway and CI&IB Sweden). The CI&IB units serve corporate and institutional customers 
with a strong customer centric focus through the Nordea Group's Large Corporates & Institutions Customer 
Service Model. Shipping, Offshore & Oil Services is the customer unit responsible for serving customers 
in the shipping, offshore, oil services, and cruise and ferries industries worldwide.  
Debt & Risk Solutions delivers holistic, integrated advice and solutions to the corporate and institutional 
segment across the spectrum of financing and risk management. Debt & Risk Solutions advises large 
corporate clients on all aspects of their capital structure, including debt capacity, credit metrics, ratings and 
market related funding capacity.  
Markets covers all product areas within fixed income, currencies, and commodities ("FICC") and equities 
in which Markets specialists advise customers or execute customer trades. Sales and distribution of fixed 
income, foreign exchange, equities and associated derivatives. The unit is also responsible for the Nordea 
Group's institutional clients. FICC provides fixed income products, currency products and other risk 
management products including intermediation of credit and capital. Equities provides a complete 
brokerage solution and offers research and equity sales for buy-side clients as well as stock borrowing and 
lending and equity financing. 
The International Division includes the five Nordea branches in New York, London, Singapore, Frankfurt 
and Shanghai. The division offers a comprehensive range of products and services to Corporates, 
Institutions & Investment Banking customers and Business Banking customers. In recent years, primarily 
due to a challenging geopolitical environment, the strategy for the Nordea Group's Russian operations has 
been sharpened with focus on the largest Russian and Nordic international companies.  
Asset & Wealth Management 
Asset & Wealth Management provides investment, savings and risk management solutions to high net 
worth individuals and institutional investors and delivers savings solutions to all Nordea customer 
segments. The results of the Nordea Group's asset and wealth management operations were reported under 
the business area Wealth Management up to the second quarter of 2018, after which the Nordea Group 
reorganised the business area and renamed it Asset & Wealth Management. Asset & Wealth Management 
consists of the following units: Asset Management, Private Banking & Investment and Securities Advisory, 
Products & Digital Wealth and the Investment Centre.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
Asset Management, which is responsible for actively managed investment funds and discretionary 
mandates for institutional clients. The division includes Equities and Fixed Income, Multi Asset, Operations 
& Technology, Product Offices, Institutional and Wholesale Distribution, Finance, Governance and 
Management Support. 
Private Banking & Investment and Securities Advisory provides customers with private banking services 
and investment advice from over 60 branches in the Nordic region. The Nordea Group operates its Private 
Banking business through an integrated model with Personal Banking. The Nordea Group believes that this 
integrated operating model enables it to fully leverage the distribution capabilities and customer base of the 
whole Group as well as to utilise the investment and product development competencies in Nordea. In 
addition to its Nordic Private Banking operations, the Nordea Group engages in International Private 
Banking operations that are targeted to both customers of a Nordic origin domiciled outside the Nordic 
region and international customers of non-Nordic origin. In January 2018, Nordea announced that it had 
entered into an agreement with UBS Europe regarding the acquisition by UBS Europe of part of Nordea's 
Luxembourg-based private banking business and its integration onto UBS Europe's advisory platform. 
Assets under management for the divested private banking business as of 31 December 2017 amounted to 
EUR 13 billion. On 15 October 2018, Nordea announced that the transaction had been completed. 
Products & Digital Wealth, which consists of Life & Pensions serving both the individual and the corporate 
customers segments with traditional as well as unit-linked products and providing life insurance, pensions 
products and services, Nordea Funds providing funds to the Nordea distribution network and Digital Wealth 
responsible for developing digital savings offerings. Life & Pensions is an insurance group and a leading 
provider of life insurance, pension products and services in eight countries in Europe. Life & Pensions 
serves both the individual and corporate segments with traditional as well as unit-linked products. The 
customers are served through banking branches, Life & Pensions' own sales force or via tied agents, brokers 
and to a small extent other financial institutions. The operations are conducted through legal entities, most 
of which are wholly owned by Nordea Life Holding AB. 
Investment Center supports all customer segments in Nordea with advisory concepts, asset allocation, 
product portfolios, processes, tools and savings support. 
Asset & Wealth Management COO aims to secure efficient operations and solutions for Asset & Wealth 
Management with an even stronger focus on customers and business, including within business risk 
management. This is conducted by Asset & Wealth Management COO as a key interface between the 
supporting group function units and operation units in Asset & Wealth Management.  
Group Functions & Other 
Group Functions and Other consists of Group Business Support and Group Finance. 
Group Business Support provides the business areas with the services, data and technology infrastructure, 
and three largest processes (lending operations, credit process and anti-money laundering processes needed) 
and drives optimisation of operational efficiencies. Group Business Support, includes the units Technology, 
Group Data Management Office, Operations, the Core Banking Platform, Group Architecture, Group Credit 
Management and Group Financial Crime Prevention and Group Workplace Management. The organisation 
is responsible for ensuring one operating model at Nordea by harmonising processes and services in 
accordance with the Nordea Group's priorities to leverage commonalities and realise synergies. 
Group Finance comprises Nordea's main financial management units that aim to drive financial 
performance management, provide high-quality and efficient financial reporting and planning across the 
Group, including financial and business control and analysis, to meet business needs and regulatory 
requirements. Group Finance works to secure optimisation and prudent management of funding, capital, 
liquidity and market risks in the banking book as well as one operating model and operational excellence 
across the Nordea Group in the finance processes. Group Finance provides the Nordea Group with Group 
asset and liability management, treasury operations, Group-wide reporting, controlling and procurement 
services and with strategic frameworks to all areas of the bank. Group Finance includes. Among others, 
Group Treasury & ALM, Investor Relations and the financial reporting, accounting and financial 
management units.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
Group Risk & Compliance  
Group Risk & Compliance are the second line of defence responsible for maintaining the Nordea Group's 
internal control framework, including its implementation across the Nordea Group. Group Risk & 
Compliance surveys the flow of risk related information from the business areas and the Group functions 
to the board of directors passes through the Nordea Group's Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee. 
Reporting from Group Compliance is presented directly to the board of directors as well as discussed in the 
Board Operations and Sustainability Committee.  
Group Compliance consists of central units as well as business area specific divisions, facilitating and 
overseeing the effectiveness and integrity of Nordea's compliance risk management. Group Compliance 
advises and supports the first line of defence on ways to effectively and efficiently manage compliance 
obligations.  
Group People and Group Legal 
Group People provides strategic partnering, support and service in all people matters. Group Legal provides 
legal services and advice applying Nordic rules and regulations in core legal areas as well as directly 
applicable EU rules in the corresponding areas. 
 Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of business, the Nordea Group and the Issuer are subject to threatened or actual 
legal- and administrative proceedings and regulatory reviews and investigations, including proceedings in 
which the Nordea Group or the Issuer, as the case may be, is acting as plaintiff seeking to recover unpaid 
debts owed by defaulting borrowers and other customers, or as respondent in other cases. For example, in 
June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark 
A/S with applicable anti-money laundering regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the 
matter was, in accordance with Danish administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. The Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in 
anti-money laundering processes and, consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing 
anti-money laundering related matters in 2019. The Nordea Group and the Issuer are also subject to 
administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. These types of claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and investigations expose the Nordea Group and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs) direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory 
authorities, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses. See also "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Legal and 
regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business". As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and none of the governmental, 
administrative, legal or arbitration proceedings to which the Nordea Group is party (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the board of directors of the Issuer is aware) have 
had in the previous 12 months or are considered likely to have any significant adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group or its financial position. 
Capital Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations  
General 
As a result of the global financial crisis that extended from August 2007 through the early part of 2009, and 
following a review of the existing regulatory framework, a number of initiatives aimed at tightening the 
regulatory standards applicable to financial institutions, in particular those deemed to be systemically 
important, were introduced. One of the most important regulatory initiatives following the crisis was Basel 
III, which was a comprehensive proposal by the BCBS for reforms to the regulatory capital and liquidity 
framework for internationally active banks. The Basel III framework has been transposed into law in the 
EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the CRR. The CRR applies in all EU Member States 
without further national implementation. Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements 
Directive entered into force in 2014.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
On 7 June 2019, the banking package that comprises of revisions to CRR, the Capital Requirements 
Directive, SRM Regulation as well as BRRD was published in the Official Journal. The banking package 
also included (i) the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and (ii) phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital 
impact of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" and the ongoing interaction of "IFRS 9 – Financial 
Instruments" with the regulatory framework. The banking package covers multiple areas, including the 
pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for MREL and the integration of 
the FSB TLAC standard into EU legislation. The initial elements entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
Subject to several exceptions, the main elements of the Capital Requirements Directive will become 
applicable on 29 December 2020 and CRR II (as defined below) on 28 June 2021. It is not yet entirely clear 
what the exact effect of the banking package will be on Nordea or the Nordea Group. The Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive created a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt and has been implemented as a 
matter of domestic law in Finland primarily through the introduction of updates to the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions that took effect as of 15 November 2018 and that regulate, among others, the ranking of "non-
preferred" senior debt in the bankruptcy of a credit institution. 
Capital Requirements 
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8.0 per cent. 
of the REA and, under Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (the "CRR II"), institutions will also be subject to a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. from the 
second quarter of 2021 to be met with tier 1 capital. In addition to this minimum requirement, supervisors 
may add extra capital requirements to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum 
required under CRD) and the Nordea Group may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital. The 
Capital Requirements Directive also imposes capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the 
minimum capital requirement and required to be met with common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The Capital 
Requirements Directive imposes certain restrictions, among others, on institutions that fail to meet the 
combined buffer requirement, as described in further detail below. 
The Nordea Group is identified as an Other Systemically Important Institution ("O-SII"). Pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: laki luottolaitostoiminnasta (610/2014)) (the "Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions"), the buffer for O-SIIs is to be set at a level between 0 per cent. and 2 per cent. for O-SIIs. 
Under the banking package the O-SII can be set at a level between 0 per cent and 3 per cent. Furthermore, 
a systemic risk buffer within the meaning of Article 133 of the Capital Requirements Directive has been 
implemented into Finnish law through amendments to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions pursuant to 
which the FFSA may impose a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent. to 5 per cent. on Finnish credit institutions 
which has been applicable since 1 January 2019. A buffer requirement in excess of 3 per cent. requires the 
approval of the European Commission. 
On 29 June 2018, the FFSA decided to activate the systemic risk buffer in Finland. When the applicable 
capital requirements are determined, only the higher of the systemic risk buffer and O-SII buffer is 
applicable. The systemic risk buffer requirement set by the FFSA was 3 per cent. to be met by common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) capital and was applicable from 1 July 2019. However, on 6 April 2020 the Board of 
the FFSA decided to remove the systemic risk buffer for all banks including Nordea. The O-SII buffer for 
the Nordea Group is set at 2 per cent. to be met by common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital and has been 
applicable from 1 January 2019. Therefore, from 1 January to 30 June 2019, the applicable buffer was 2 
per cent. (based on the O-SII buffer) and, from 1 July 2019 to 6 April 2020, the buffer was increased to 3 
per cent. since the systemic risk buffer was then the higher of the buffers. From 6 April 2020 the applicable 
buffer is 2 per cent based on the O-SII buffer. Since the Nordea Group is currently only subject to the O-
SII buffer requirement this will currently not impact the capital requirments for the Nordea Group. 
The Nordea Group's leverage ratio requirement is expected to remain at 3 per cent. as an O-SII, the Nordea 
Group is subject to SRB subordination requirement. In addition, the SRB will assess the "no creditor worse 
off than in liquidation" risks and address such risks with a potential bank-specific add-on for the 
subordination requirement. The SRB has also proposed that the resolution authorities have flexibility to 
impose a subordination requirement higher than TLAC for O-SIIs subject to certain conditions.  
The ECB can also assess the adequacy of the systemic risk buffer set by the FFSA and, should the ECB at 
a later stage consider this buffer not to be adequate, it may set a higher systemic risk buffer requirement.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the Capital Requirements Directive (the "Article 141 
Restrictions"), EU Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the institution specific 
countercyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution) the systemic risk buffer and the O-
SII buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be subject to restricted "discretionary payments" 
(which are defined broadly as payments relating to common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, variable 
remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain circumstances, including a shortfall 
in meeting its capital buffer requirements or, following full implementation of the banking package, a 
failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. Under the banking package 
the O-SII buffer and the systemic risk buffer will become additive, instead of the current treatment where 
only the higher buffer shall apply. 
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most 
recent decision on distribution of profits or "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a MDA 
for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary 
payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend 
payments on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Nordea will, similar to all other banks supervised by the SSM, be allocated pillar 2 add-ons that are split 
between a pillar 2 requirement and pillar 2 guidance. The level of both of these add-ons will be 
communicated by the ECB and the FFSA as part of the formal Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP") by the EU Supervisory College process. On 10 December 2019, Nordea received the results of 
the most recent SREP which included a pillar 2 requirement of 1.75 per cent. applicable from 1 January 
2020. This implies a common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement of approximately 13.1 per cent, 
including a minimum common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement of 4.5 per cent, a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent, a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent and a countercyclical buffer of 
approximately 1.4 per cent.    
Under the banking package, a firm will be deemed not to have met its combined buffer requirement, and 
will become subject to the Article 141 Restrictions, where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities 
in an amount and quality to meet: (i) its combined buffer requirement, (ii) its 4.5 per cent. pillar 1 common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement, (iii) its 6.0 per cent. pillar 1 tier 1 capital requirement, (iv) its 8.0 
per cent. pillar 1 capital requirement, and (v) its MREL requirements. Separately, the banking package also 
states that where an institution fails to meet or exceed its combined buffer requirement, in making 
distributions within the MDA, it must not make distributions relating to common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital or variable remuneration payments before having made payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Additionally, under the banking package, a new Article 141a is introduced to better clarify, for the purposes 
of restrictions on distributions, the relationship between the additional own funds requirements, the 
minimum own funds requirements and the combined buffer requirement (the so-called "stacking order"), 
with Article 141 of the Capital Requirements Directive to be amended to reflect the stacking order in the 
calculation of the MDA Under this new provision, an institution such as Nordea will be considered as 
failing to meet the combined buffer requirement for the purposes of Article 141 of the Capital Requirements 
Directive where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities in an amount and of the quality needed 
to meet at the same time the requirement defined in Article 128(6) of the Capital Requirements Directive 
(i.e., the combined buffer requirement) as well as each of the minimum own funds requirements and the 
additional own funds requirements. In addition, the new Article 16a of the BRRD is introduced to better 
clarify the stacking order between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement. Pursuant 
to this new provision, a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more 
than the MDA for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 
16a(4) of the BRRD) where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement are not met. The 
initial elements of the revisions to the Capital Requirements Directive and the BRRD entered into force on 
27 June 2019. The majority of the amendments apply from 18 months after that date, although the 
amendments relating to Article 141b, Article 141c and Article 142(1) of the Capital Requirements Directive 
apply from 1 January 2022.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
MREL and TLAC 
On 9 November 2015, the FSB published its final principles for Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC"), 
which set a standard for G-SIBs that conceptually overlap with the MREL requirements. The FSB's standard 
seeks to ensure that G-SIBs will have sufficient loss-absorbing capacity available in a resolution of such an 
entity in order to minimise any impact on financial stability, ensure the continuity of critical functions and 
avoid exposing taxpayers to loss. The FSB's standard also includes a specific term sheet for total loss-
absorbing capacity, which attempts to define an internationally agreed standard. As part of the banking 
package, the FSB TLAC standard has been incorporated into the capital requirements framework as an 
extension to the own funds' requirements. 
The FSB's standard requires all G-SIBs to meet a TLAC requirement of at least 16 per cent. of risk-weighted 
assets as from 1 January 2019 and at least 18 per cent. from 1 January 2022. This does not include any 
applicable Basel III regulatory capital buffers which must be met in addition to the TLAC minimum. The 
minimum TLAC must be at least 6 per cent. of the Basel III leverage ratio denominator as from 1 January 
2019 and 6.75 per cent. as from 1 January 2022. The standard also requires that G-SIBs pre-position some 
of such loss-absorbing capacity amongst material subsidiaries on an intra-group basis. Nordea was 
identified as a G-SIB up to November 2018 but is no longer subject to the FSB's TLAC requirement. 
Risk Exposure Amounts 
On 7 December 2017, the BCBS announced that its oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors 
and Heads of Supervision, had endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms proposed 
by the BCBS. As part of the reform process, the BCBS conducted a review of the standardised approaches 
and internal models of the capital requirement frameworks for credit and operational risk with a view to, 
among other things, reducing mechanistic reliance on external ratings. In addition, the role of internal 
models was reviewed by the BCBS with the aim of improving comparability and addressing excessive 
variability in the capital requirements for credit risk. The BCBS also worked on the design of a capital floor 
framework based on the revised standardised approaches for all risk types. This framework has replaced 
the capital floor for credit institutions using internal models, which was based on the Basel I standard. The 
BCBS also calibrated the floor alongside its other work on revising the risk-based capital framework. In 
addition, the BCBS also conducted a review of trading book capital standards, resulting in new minimum 
capital requirements for market risk. The revised standards, which require implementation in the EU prior 
to being applicable to the Nordea Group, were intended to effect from 1 January 2022 and the capital floor 
will be phased in over five years. On 27 March 2020 it was announced that the revised standards would be 
deferred for one year and will therefore start to take effect from 1 January 2023 with a five year phase-in 
for the capital floor. The CRR II does not include the changes to the finalised Basel III as announced by 
BCBS in December 2017, however, the revised market risk framework, as agreed by the BCBS in 2016 has 
been included in the CRR II. The market risk framework has been revised by the BCBS in January 2019 
and the full market risk framework is, therefore, expected to be implemented with the other BCBS changes 
at a later stage. Given the various regulatory initiatives that are ongoing, it is currently not possible to 
determine the impact on the potential future capital requirements and how they will affect the capital 
position and capital requirements for Nordea or the Nordea Group.  
SRM 
As a result of the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, the 
SRM Regulation is applicable to the Nordea Group. The SRM Regulation establishes the SRB that has 
resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the 
national authorities as the relevant resolution authority with respect to such institutions. Where the SRB 
performs its duties and exercises powers under the SRM Regulation, the SRB is considered to operate as 
the relevant authority under the BRRD. The SRB will prepare and adopt a resolution plan for the entities 
subject to its powers, including the Nordea Group. It will also determine, after consulting competent 
authorities including the ECB, an MREL requirement subject to write-down and conversion powers which 
Nordea will be required to meet at all times. The default MREL requirement consists of two elements: (i) 
a default loss-absorption amount, which reflects the losses that the bank will incur in resolution, and (ii) a 
recapitalisation amount, which reflects the capital needed to meet ongoing prudential requirements after 
resolution. The latter component is complemented by a market confidence charge necessary to ensure 
market confidence post-resolution. Both elements are based on the bank's capital requirements using the 
supervisory data of the previous year. The SRB also expects larger EU banks to meet a minimum 
subordination requirement. G-SIIs are required to meet a minimum subordination level equal to 16 per cent.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
of REA plus the combined buffer requirement, pending further assessment by the SRB of NCWOL risks 
and the final implementation of the banking package. The banking package currently prescribes a minimum 
subordination requirement of 8.0 per cent. of total liabilities (including own funds) subject to a discretion 
for the relevant resolution authority to agree a lower threshold in certain circumstances. The SRB also 
intends to issue targets for loss-absorbing capacity to individual subsidiaries within a banking group. 
In order to improve resolvability, the SRB assesses NCWOL risks and can address such risks by setting a 
potential bank-specific add-on for the subordination requirement. The subordination requirement should 
generally be met by own funds and subordinated MREL eligible liabilities. According to the SRB's MREL 
policy paper published on 16 January 2019, subordination levels will be set based on a combination of a 
general level, applicable buffer requirements and a metric, taking account of the bank specific nature of the 
assessment of NCWOL risk in the senior layer. A floor of 14 per cent. of REA plus the combined buffer 
requirement will apply for O-SIIs. As an O-SII, the Nordea Group is subject to the SRB subordination 
requirement. 
As part of the SRM, the EU-wide SRF managed by the SRB was established. The SRF commenced its 
operations as of 1 January 2016. The SRF is a pool of funds provided by the banking sector which will be 
set up to ensure that medium-term funding support is available while a credit institution is being 
restructured. The SRB can use the SRF only for the purpose of ensuring the efficient application of the 
resolution tools and exercise of the resolution powers referred to in the SRM Regulation and in accordance 
with the resolution objectives and the principles governing the resolution referred to in the SRM Regulation. 
The budget of the EU or the national budgets cannot be used to cover expenses or losses of the SRF. Banks, 
including Nordea, will have to make annual contributions to the SRF. The SRM Regulation lays down the 
basic rules on how to calculate the contributions of individual banks to the SRF. 
Capital Adequacy  
The Nordea Group needs to keep sufficient capital to cover all risks taken (required capital) over a 
foreseeable future. In order to do this, the Nordea Group strives to attain efficient use of capital through 
active management of the balance sheet with respect to different asset, liability and risk categories.  
The Nordea Group uses a variety of capital measurements and capital ratios to manage its capital. The 
Nordea Group calculates its regulatory capital requirements under the CRD framework. The Nordea Group 
is approved by the financial supervisory authorities to use the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach when 
calculating the capital requirements for the main part of its credit portfolio. The Nordea Group uses the 
Advanced IRB approach for corporate lending in the Nordic countries and in the International Units. The 
retail IRB approach is used for the Nordic retail exposure classes and mortgage companies as well as for 
the Finnish finance company. The Foundation IRB approach is used in the Nordic countries for institutional 
lending, for all exposures in the other Nordic finance companies, Nordea Bank Russia as well as derivative 
and securities lending procedure. Nordea uses the standardised approach primarily to calculate REA for 
sovereign exposures and for equities in the banking book. Acquisitions of new portfolios are treated under 
the standardised approach until they are approved for the IRB approach by the relevant financial supervisory 
authority. As of 31 December 2019, 88 per cent of the Nordea Group's credit REA was covered by IRB 
approaches. The Nordea Group is also approved to use its own internal Value-at-Risk models to calculate 
capital requirements for the major parts of the market risk in the trading books. In August 2018, the ECB 
granted Nordea temporary use of internal models for calculation of REA following the Re-domiciliation. 
The permission implies a migration of pillar 2 capital add-ons into pillar 1 REA. 
The Nordea Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was strengthened in 2019. In 2018, the Nordea 
Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital strength was unchanged and the nominal common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital was largely unchanged, but the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio decreased 
due to the change to ECB supervision in connection with the Re-domiciliation and the introduction of IRB 
floors, which increased REAs by approximately EUR 36 billion. 
In March 2019, Nordea issued USD 1.25 billion perpetual seven-year non-call additional tier 1 conversion 
notes, which had no impact on the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio as compared to 
31 December 2018. In September 2018, Nordea issued USD 500 million 10-year non-call subordinated 
reset notes and SEK 1,750 million and NOK 500 million 10-year non-call five-year tier 2 subordinated 
notes. The Nordea Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio was 16.3 per cent as of 
31 December 2019, compared to 15.5 per cent as of 31 December 2018.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
On 4 September 2019, the Nordea Group was identified as a financial conglomerate on its own following 
the reduction of Sampo plc's shareholding in Nordea (see Nordea Bank Abp – Capital Adequacy and 
Regulatory Considerations – Capital Adequacy below). As of 31 December 2019, the own funds 
requirement for the Nordea financial conglomerate was EUR 33.7 billion and the capital adequacy ratio of 
the financial conglomerate was 115.5 per cent. The own funds requirement as at 31 December 2019 
included the transitional pillar 2 which, on 1 January 2020, was changed to the pillar 2 requirement of 1.75 
per cent. for 2020, as decided in the final SREP. 
In January 2020, Nordea completed a synthetic securitisation transaction related to EUR 5.1 billion of the 
Nordea Group's loans as originator of a portfolio with corporate and small and medium-sized enterprise 
loans. As part of the transaction, investors purchased credit-linked notes referencing the first loss tranche 
of the portfolio. The investors share the risk of credit losses of the reference portfolio up to a pre-agreed 
amount. No assets were derecognised from Nordea Group's balance sheet and the Nordea Group continues 
to service the loans. The transaction improved Nordea Group's common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio 
by approximately 20 basis points. See also "Risk Factors— Risks Relating to the Nordea Group and its 
Business - Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—
The Nordea Group is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change".  
ECB Comprehensive Assessment 
On 18 July 2019, the ECB published the results of its comprehensive assessment of the Nordea Group, 
consisting of an Asset Quality Review ("AQR"), the outcome of which presents a prudential assessment 
by the ECB of the carrying values of a bank's assets on a specific date, and a stress test that analyses how a 
bank's capital position would evolve under a baseline scenario and an adverse scenario over a three-year 
period (in the case of the Nordea Group, 2018-2021). The comprehensive assessment, which is standard 
practice for banks that have recently become subject to the direct supervision of the ECB, was conducted 
based on the Nordea Group's capital ratios as of 30 June 2018 and incorporated the effect of the 
implementation of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments". 
According to the results of the comprehensive assessment, the Nordea Group does not face capital shortfalls 
as its capital levels did not fall below the relevant thresholds used in the AQR and the stress test. The 
Nordea Group's AQR-adjusted common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio in the baseline stress scenario 
amounted to 14.21 per cent, which is above the 8.00 per cent. threshold set by the ECB. Under the adverse 
stress scenario, the AQR-adjusted common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of the Nordea Group amounted 
to 9.23 per cent, which exceeded the 5.50 per cent. adverse stress scenario threshold. 
Following the AQR and subsequent discussions with the ECB, Nordea recorded loan loss provisions of 
EUR 282 million in the third quarter of 2019 due to model updates and changes after a dialogue with the 
ECB reflecting a more subdued outlook in certain sectors. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea 
continues the review of its collective loan loss provisioning model, which review may have some impact 
on provisions. Nordea also has ongoing discussions with its supervisors regarding regulatory expectations 
including the introduction of new non-performing loan coverage requirement that will guide prudential 
expectations on adequate coverage of dated non-performing loans. 
Recent Regulatory Developments 
On 13 March 2020 the Norwegian Ministry of Finance decided to reduce the countercyclical buffer rate 
from 2.5 per cent to 1.0 per cent with immediate effect. In Denmark the countercyclical buffer was initially 
set at 1.0 per cent and decided to be further increased to 1.5 per cent in Q2 2020 and 2.0 per cent in Q4 
2020. However, on 12 March 2020, the Danish Ministry of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided 
to reduce the buffer rate to 0 per cent with immediate effect. On 16 March 2020, the Swedish FSA decided 
to lower the countercyclical buffer rate from 2.5 per cent to 0 per cent with immediate effect. 
To mitigate the effect of the Norwegian implementation of the CRD in December 2019, the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance announced its intention to decide on changes in banks' capital requirements by 
changing the application of the systemic risk buffer from 3 per cent for all exposureas applied to all 
Norwegian banks to instead be set to 4.5 per cent for Norwegian exposures with effect from 31 December 
2020. The changed SRB is suggested to be applicable to all banks' exposures in Norway that are currently 
subject to the advanced IRB approach. For all other banks, the intention is for the systemic risk buffer to 
enter into force on 31 December 2022. The change is subject to notification procedures to EU bodies. In 
addition, a minimum 20 per cent average risk weight for residential real estate exposures and a minimum

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
35 per cent average risk weight for commercial real estate exposures are also suggested to be implemented 
in respect of banks that are subject to the IRB approach with effect from 31 December 2020. The floors are 
suggested to be implemented through the use of article 458 of the CRR. On 5 November 2020, the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance published the official notifications on the change in SRB and the 
introduction of the risk weight floors. The notifications are now subject to the opinions and decisions on 
reciprocity before they can be implemented. 
In January 2020, the SFSA decided to impose average risk weight floors for commercial real estate in 
Sweden, applicable to banks with IRB permission. The floors are set at 35 per cent for exposures to 
commercial property companies and 25 per cent for residential property companies. The floors will be 
included within pillar 2 where the add-on will be the difference between the actual average risk weight and 
the floor. 
Temporary COVID-19 Measures 
In March 2020, the ECB announced a number of temporary measures to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to support the wider economy as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic become clear. 
Amongst other measures, the ECB will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital 
required by the pillar 2 guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio. The ECB 
proposed that these measures should also be enhanced by the appropriate relaxation of the countercyclical 
capital buffer by the national macroprudential authorities. Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital 
instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements. 
This brings forward a measure that was initially scheduled to come into effect in with the implementation 
of the banking package. 
In March 2020, the FFSA took measures to lower Finnish credit institutions' capital requirements. The 
reduction is implemented by removing the systemic risk buffer and by adjusting credit institution-specific 
requirements so that the structural buffer requirements of all credit institutions will fall by 1 percentage 
point. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FFSA has for the time being decided not to set a 
countercyclical capital buffer requirement for banks and other credit institutions and the loan cap for 
residential mortgage loans other than first-home loans will remain at 85 per cent. in line with the FFSA's 
previous decision. The FFSA assesses these measures on a quarterly basis, and there can therefore be no 
certainty as to how long either the FFSA or the ECB's relie' measures will continue in force.  
In June 2020, the European Commission adopted a so called "quick-fix" to the banking package to facilitate 
bank lending to households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant 
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The "quick-fix" is intended to encourage banks to make full 
use of the flexibility embedded in the EU's existing prudential and accounting framework and provides 
market participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The "quick-fix" also implements 
amendments to the CRR to, among others, (i) extend current transitional arrangements regarding the 
application of international accounting standards on banks' capital for two years, (ii) postpone the date of 
the new leverage ratio buffer requirement on G-SIIs by one year to 1 January 2023, (iii) extend existing 
preferential treatment given to non-performing loans that are guaranteed by the public sector and (iv) the 
early implementation of the revised SME factor and the changed treatment of software. See "Risk Factors 
— Risks Relating to the Outbreak of COVID-19 — The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively 
impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's 
ability to access capital and liquidity" for more information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Overview and legal Structure 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, conducts banking operations within the scope 
of the Nordea Group's business organisation. Nordea Bank Abp, was registered with the Finnish Trade 
Register on 27 September 2017 and is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of 
Finland. According to Article 3 of Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association, as a commercial bank Nordea 
Bank Abp engages in business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank pursuant to the Finnish Act on 
Credit Institutions. Nordea Bank Abp provides investment services and performs investment activities 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Investment Services. Further, in its capacity as parent company, Nordea 
Bank Abp attends to and is responsible for overall functions in the Nordea Group, such as management, 
supervision, risk management and staff functions. Nordea Bank Abp is subject to substantial regulation in 
all markets in which it operates. The articles of association were last amended on 1 October 2018. Nordea 
Bank Abp is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business identity code 2858394-9. The head 
office of Nordea is located in Helsinki at the following address: Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland and the telephone number of its head office is +358(0)20070 000. 
Nordea Bank Abp has several directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries. Nordea Bank Abp's shares are 
listed on the stock exchanges in Helsinki, Stockholm and Copenhagen. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea's share capital is EUR 4,049,951,919, consisting of 
4,049,951,919 ordinary shares. The shares in Nordea have no nominal value. 
Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association do not contain any provisions on share classes or voting rights 
and consequently shares may only be issued as ordinary shares and each share confers one vote at general 
meetings. If Nordea Bank Abp were to issue new shares, all shareholders would typically have preferential 
rights to the new shares in relation to the number of shares held by them. 
The additional tier 1 (AT1) conversion notes issued by Nordea in March 2019 automatically convert into 
shares if the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of either Nordea on a solo basis or the Nordea Group 
on a consolidated basis falls below a specific trigger level. There are no convertible bonds issued by Nordea 
that give option exercise rights for holders to acquire shares in Nordea. 
Shareholders 
The following table sets forth information relating to Nordea's five largest shareholders as of 30 September 
2020: 
 
Number of 
shares 
(million) 
Per cent of 
shares and  
votes(1) 
Sampo plc............................................................................................................................................... 
804.9 
19.9 
Cevian Capital ........................................................................................................................................ 
178.4 
4.4 
Nordea Fonden ....................................................................................................................................... 
158.2 
3.9 
Alecta ..................................................................................................................................................... 
117.5 
2.9 
Vanguard Funds ..................................................................................................................................... 
105.8 
2.6 
 _______________  
1)  Excluding shares issued for Nordea's long-term incentive programmes. 
 In 2011, Sampo plc's share in Nordea exceeded 20 per cent, meaning that the Nordea Group was from 
thereon included in the Sampo financial conglomerate in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Supervision of Financial and Insurance Conglomerates (Fi: laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien 
valvonnasta (2004/699)). On 13 August 2019, Sampo plc announced that it had on 12 August 2019 
distributed a total of 55,517,639 shares of Nordea as an extra dividend to its shareholders. After the 
distribution, Sampo plc held 804,922,858 shares of Nordea, corresponding to 19.87 per cent of all shares

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
and votes, and the Nordea Group is no longer included in the Sampo financial conglomerate. On 4 
September 2019, the Nordea Group was identified as a financial conglomerate on its own. 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association, the board of directors of Nordea must consist of at least six and no 
more than 15 members. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of Nordea consists of 10 members elected by 
the general meeting for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of Nordea in 
2021. In addition, three ordinary members and one deputy member have been appointed by the employees 
of Nordea Group. The CEO of Nordea is not a member of the board of directors. 
The following table sets forth, for each member of the board of directors of Nordea as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, his or her year of birth and the year of his or her initial appointment to the board of 
directors: 
 
Year of birth 
Board 
member since 
Position 
Torbjörn Magnusson ......................................................  
1963 
2018 
Chair 
Kari Jordan .....................................................................  
1956 
2019 
Vice Chair 
Pernille Erenbjerg ..........................................................  
1967 
2017 
Member 
Nigel Hinshelwood ........................................................  
1966 
2018 
Member 
Petra van Hoeken ...........................................................  
1961 
2019 
Member 
Robin Lawther................................................................  
1961 
2014 
Member 
John Maltby ....................................................................  
1962 
2019 
Member 
Sarah Russell ..................................................................  
1962 
2010 
Member 
Birger Steen ....................................................................  
1966 
2015 
Member 
Jonas Synnergren ...........................................................  
1977 
2020 
Member 
 
The board of directors also includes the following employee representatives as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus (one of whom at any time is a deputy member of the board of directors): 
 
Year of birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Position 
Dorrit Groth Brandt........................................................  
1967 
2018 
Employee Representative 
Gerhard Olsson ..............................................................  
1978 
2016 
Employee Representative 
Hans Christian Riise ......................................................  
1961 
2013 
Deputy Employee 
Representative 
Kari Ahola ......................................................................  
1960 
2006 
Employee Representative 
 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea have the following office address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, 
Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland.  
With the exception of the employee representatives, no members of the board of directors of Nordea are 
employed by the Nordea Group.  
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the board 
of directors and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
Torbjörn Magnusson has been a member of the board of directors since 2018 and has served as its Chair 
since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Magnusson is the President and CEO of the Sampo 
Group, Managing Director and member of Group Executive Committee of Sampo plc and the Chairman of 
the board of directors of If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd. 
Kari Jordan has been a member of the board of directors and served as its Vice Chair since 2019. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Jordan is the Chairman of the board of directors of Outokumpu Oyj, and 
a member of the boards of directors of Nokia Tyres Plc, the Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA/ETLA 
and several other non-profit organisations.  
Petra van Hoeken has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms van Hoeken is the Chief Risk Officer of Intertrust Group, and a member of the boards of 
directors of Nederlandse WaterschapsBank NV and Oranje Fonds.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
Pernille Erenbjerg has been a member of the board of directors since 2017. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms Erenbjerg is a member of the boards of directors of Genmab A/S, Millicom International 
Cellular SA, Nordic Entertainment Group AB (publ) and GlobalConnect A/S. 
Nigel Hinshelwood has been a member of the board of directors since 2018. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr Hinshelwood is a member of the boards of directors of Bank of Scotland plc and Lloyds 
Bank plc. 
Robin Lawther has been a member of the board of directors since 2014. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms Lawther is a member of the boards of directors of Ashurst LLP, M&G plc, Oras Invest Ltd 
and U.K. Government Investments Limited. 
John Maltby has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Maltby is the Chairman of the boards of directors of Allica Bank Limited and a member of the boards 
of directors of Simplyhealth Group and National Citizens Service (NCS) Trust. 
Sarah Russell has been a member of the board of directors since 2010. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Ms Russell is a member of the supervisory board of the Currency Exchange Fund N.V., a member of the 
European Audit Committee Leadership Network (EACLN) and a member of the supervisory board of 
Ostrum Asset Management. 
Birger Steen has been a member of the board of directors since 2015. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Steen is a principal of Summa Equity AB, the Chairman of the board of directors of Nordic 
Semiconductor ASA and Pagero AB and a member of the boards of directors of Cognite AS and Schibsted 
ASA. Mr Steen is also a member of the board of trustees of the Nordic Heritage Museum in Seattle, United 
States. 
Jonas Synnergren has been a member of the board of directors since 2020. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus Mr Synnergren is a member of the board of directors of Veoneer Inc., a member of the 
nomination committee of LM Ericsson AB and a partner and head of the Swedish office at Cevian Capital 
AB. 
Group Leadership Team  
The Group Leadership Team (up to December 2019 named the Group Executive Management), of the 
Nordea Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus consists of 11 members, including the Group CEO. 
The President and Group CEO is appointed by the board of directors and is charged with the day-to-day 
management of the Nordea Group and the Nordea Group's Group-wide affairs in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, including the Finnish Corporate Governance Code (Fi: Suomen 
listayhtiöiden hallinnointikoodi) (the "Finnish Corporate Governance Code"), as well as the instructions 
provided by the board of directors. The instructions regulate the division of responsibilities and the 
interaction between the Group CEO and the board of directors. The Group CEO works closely with the 
Chairman of the board of directors, for example, in planning the meetings of the board of directors. 
The following table sets forth each member of Group Leadership Team as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, his or her year of birth, the year of his or her initial employment as a member of Group 
Leadership Team and his or her current position:  
 
Year of 
birth 
Group 
Leadership 
Team 
member 
since 
Position 
Frank Vang-Jensen ...........................  
1967 
2018 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Erik Ekman .......................................  
1969 
2015 
Head of Group Business Support 
Matthew Elderfield ...........................  
1966 
2016 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Head of Group Risk & 
Compliance 
Christina Gadeberg ...........................  
1970 
2019 
Chief People Officer, Head of Group People 
Jussi Koskinen ..................................  
1973 
2018 
Chief Legal Officer, Head of Group Legal 
Sara Mella .........................................  
1967 
2019 
Head of Personal Banking 
Martin A Persson ..............................  
1975 
2016 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions  
Snorre Storset ....................................  
1972 
2015 
Head of Asset & Wealth Management  
Nina Arkilahti……………………… 
1967 
2020 
Head of Business Banking

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
Ian Smith…………………………… 
1967 
2020 
Group Chief Financial Officer and Head of Group Finance 
Ulrika Romantschuk……………….. 
1966 
2020 
Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing  
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the Group 
Leadership Team and the private interests or other duties of each persons.  
The members of the board of directors of Nordea and Group Leadership Team have the following office 
address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu (Sw: Hamnbanegatan) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, 
Finland.  
Frank Vang-Jensen has been the President and Group CEO of Nordea since 2019 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2018. Before his appointment as President and Group CEO in September 2019, Mr 
Vang-Jensen held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2018, most recently as 
Head of Personal Banking.  
Erik Ekman has been Head of Group Business Support since 2020 and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2015. Mr Ekman has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2008, 
most recently as Head of Commercial & Business Banking (currently named Business Banking) from 2016 
to 2019 and as Acting Head of Group Business Risk Management during 2019. 
Matthew Elderfield has been Group CRO and Head of Group Risk and Compliance since 2019 and a 
member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Between 2016 and 2019, Mr. Elderfield held the position 
as Group Compliance Officer and Head of Group Compliance. Prior to joining the Nordea Group in 2016, 
Mr Elderfield served as Global Head of Compliance at Lloyds Banking Group. 
Christina Gadeberg has been Head of Group People and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. 
Ms. Gadeberg has held several executive positions since she joined the Nordea Group in 2015, most 
recently as Head of Group People Business Partnering and co-leader of Group People during 2019 and, 
prior to this, as Head of People to Asset and Wealth Management from 2017 to 2019. 
Jussi Koskinen has been Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2018. He has also been the Interim Deputy Managing Director of Nordea since 2019. Alongside 
this, Mr Koskinen is also a member of the board of the Finnish Chamber of Commerce. Prior to joining the 
Nordea Group in 2018, Mr Koskinen served as Vice President, Head of Global Corporate Legal and 
Secretary to the board of directors at Nokia Corporation.  
Sara Mella has been Head of Personal Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. Prior 
to her appointment as Head of Personal Banking in December 2019, Ms Mella was Acting Head of Personal 
Banking from September 2019 and, prior to that, she held several executive positions at the Nordea Group, 
most recently as Head of Personal Banking Finland. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Mella is 
Chairperson of the Banking Executive Committee of Finance Finland.  
Martin A Persson has been Head of Large Corporates & Institutions (previously named Wholesale Banking) 
and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Mr Persson joined the Nordea Group in 2012 and 
served as the Co-Head of Markets Equities, Nordea Markets from 2012 to 2016. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr Persson is a member of the board of directors of the Swedish Bankers' Association. 
Snorre Storset has been Head of Asset & Wealth Management since 2016 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2015. Mr Storset has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea 
Group in 2011, most recently as Deputy Head of Wealth Management and Head of Private Banking from 
2015 to 2016. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Storset is a member of the board of directors of 
Finans Norge. 
On 29 January 2020, Nordea announced the appointment of Nina Arkilahti as Head of Business Banking 
and a member of Group Leadership Team. Ms Arkilahti has previously served in several senior positions 
at Svenska Handelsbanken AB, including as Executive Vice President and Country Head Finland and as 
Senior Vice President and Country Head Germany. 
On 30 January 2020, Nordea announced the appointment of Ian Smith as new Group CFO and Head of 
Group Finance & Treasury and a member of Group Leadership Team. Mr Smith was formerly Group CFO

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
of Virgin Money UK PLC. Prior to his position at Virgin Money UK PLC, Mr Smith has served as Director 
of Group Finance at Lloyds Banking Group PLC and at Halifax Bank of Scotland PLC. He has also served 
as partner at Deloitte LLP.  
Ulrika Romantschuk has been Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing and a member of the Group 
Leadership Team since 2020. Prior to joining Nordea, Ms Romantschuk served in several senior positions 
at Fazer Group, including as Executive Vice President of Communications & Branding in the Fazer 
Experience Business Unit and Senior Vice President of Communications & Branding in the Fazer Cafés 
Business Unit. 
Independence 
Nordea complies with applicable requirements regarding the independence of its board of directors 
according to applicable European regulatory requirements and Finnish laws and regulations, as well as rules 
set forth in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Board and board of directors 
considers all members of Nordea's board of directors, apart from Torbjörn Magnusson, independent in 
relation to the Company's significant shareholders. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Torbjörn 
Magnusson is the President and CEO of the Sampo Group and Managing Director and a member of Group 
Executive Committee of Sampo plc. Sampo plc, the parent company of Sampo Group, owns more than 
10 per cent of all shares and votes in Nordea and is, therefore, a significant shareholder of Nordea. 
All of the board members elected by the shareholders are independent of Nordea and its executive 
management. 
No member of Nordea's board of directors elected by the shareholders at the general meeting is employed 
by or working in an operative capacity in the Nordea Group. The ordinary members and the deputy member 
of Nordea's board of directors appointed by the employees are employed by the Nordea Group and therefore 
are not independent of Nordea under the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. 
The number of members of Nordea's board of directors who are independent in relation to Nordea as well 
as independent in relation to Nordea's significant shareholders exceeds the minimum requirement set forth 
in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code, which states that the majority of the members of the board of 
directors shall be independent of Nordea and at least two of the board members who are independent of the 
company shall also be independent of the company's significant shareholders. 
The rules regarding independence of the board of directors are governed by, among others, the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the 
FFSA and the EBA guidelines on internal governance. 
External Auditors 
According to Nordea's articles of association, Nordea must have one audit firm as auditor, whose chief 
auditor is to be an authorised public accountant approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. 
The assignment as auditor will continue until the end of the first AGM held after the election of the auditor. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, has been elected as Nordea's auditor until the 
end of the 2021 AGM. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Jukka Paunonen, Authorised Public 
Accountant, has been assigned as the auditor in charge. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has the following 
office address: Itämerentori 2, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland.  
Dividends 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s annual shareholder general meeting approved, and Nordea Bank AB (publ) paid, 
the following dividends from 2014 to 2017; and Nordea Bank Abp's annual shareholder general meeting 
approved, and Nordea Bank Abp paid, the following dividends in 2018: 
2018: EUR 0.69 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,788 million; 
2017: EUR 0.68 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,747 million; 
2016: EUR 0.65 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,625 million; 
2015: EUR 0.64 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,584 million; and

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
2014: EUR 0.62 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,501 million. 
On 27 July 2020, the European Central Bank extended its recommendation to banks not to pay dividends 
or buy back shares until 1 January 2021 (from previously 1 October 2020). Pursuant to the recommendation, 
the board of directors of Nordea Bank Abp decided on 10 September 2020 not to distribute any dividend 
payments before 1 January 2021.  
Material Agreements 
Nordea Bank Abp is not a party to any material agreement outside of its normal course of business which 
may result in another Nordea Group company obtaining a right or incurring an obligation which may 
materially affect Nordea Bank Abp's ability to perform its obligations. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance in Nordea Bank Abp follows generally adopted principles of corporate governance. 
The external framework which regulates the corporate governance work includes the Finnish Corporate 
Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the FFSA and 
the EBA guidelines on internal governance under the Capital Requirements Directive. 
Recent Developments 
The effects of the coronavirus pandemic became increasingly evident during the second quarter of 2020 as 
the pandemic severely affected businesses and societies. Although relatively high activity levels have had 
a positive effect on some of the Nordea Group's sources of income during the second and third quarters of 
2020, the preventive measures implemented in the Nordic countries and elsewhere to contain the spread of 
the coronavirus pandemic, together with market turbulence, have had a negative impact on net fee and 
commission income that declined by 9 per cent. in the second quarter compared to the corresponding period 
in 2019 and declined 4 per cent. in the third quarter compared to same quarter last year. 
The coronavirus pandemic and the related preventive measures could also, among other things, have an 
adverse effect on borrowers, which, in turn, could result in decreased credit quality and increased 
provisioning levels. The net loan losses of the Nordea Group increased both in the first quarter and second 
quarter of 2020 compared to the corresponding periods in 2019. In the third quarter of 2020, there were net 
reversals of EUR 2 million reported under net loan losses, and the unchanged management judgement 
allowances were unchanged at EUR 650 million. To assist customers with mitigating the adverse effects of 
the coronavirus pandemic, the Nordea Group has, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, taken various 
measures, including offering instalment-free loan periods to selected customer groups that are in need of 
such support because of the coronavirus outbreak. There have also been a number of regulatory initiatives 
aimed at supporting the economies affected by the coronavirus outbreak. 
On 10 November 2020, Sampo plc announced that, in line with the Sampo Group's strategy of increasing 
focus on insurance operations, it had completed an accelerated bookbuild offering to institutional investors 
of Nordea shares held by Sampo plc. The offering reduced Sampo's ownership in Nordea to 15.9 per cent. 
Sampo plc also announced that it had, in connection with the offering, entered into a lock-up undertaking, 
under which it has, subject to certain exceptions, agreed not to sell any Nordea shares for a period ending 
at 9 May 2021.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Instruments will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Nordea Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Instruments. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Instruments, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State of 
incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of 
Instruments should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Instruments and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
It should also be noted that there are differences in the tax treatment of different Instruments. This summary 
is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
 The following summary does not purport to present any comprehensive or complete picture of all Finnish 
tax aspects that could be of relevance to a Holder of the Instruments. The comments in this part are based 
on current Finnish tax law as applied in Finland and the Finnish Tax practice (which are subject to changes 
that could prospectively or retroactively affect the stated tax consequences). Prospective Holders of 
Instruments should consult their own professional advisors as to their tax position. 
General 
The scope of taxation in Finland is defined by the tax liability position of a taxpayer. Finnish residents for 
taxation purposes are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Persons that are not resident 
in Finland for taxation purposes and are not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for 
Finnish tax purposes are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident for taxation purposes if the individual 
continuously stays in Finland for more than six consecutive months or if the permanent home and abode of 
the individual is in Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish 
taxation purposes until three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even if the individual 
would not stay in Finland and for six consecutive months and the permanent home and abode would not be 
located in Finland, if the individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential ties to Finland in the 
tax year in question. 
Legal entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with 
domestic tax law. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax the foreign source income of an 
individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
In the hands of individual, earned income is taxed at progressive tax rates, while capital income up to EUR 
30,000 per calendar year is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent and capital income exceeding EUR 30,000 per 
calendar year at a rate of 34 per cent. Corporate entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded 
as residents of Finland and thus subject to corporate income tax on their worldwide income. The current 
corporate income tax rate is 20 per cent. 
Taxation of Finnish Resident Individuals 
Taxation of Interest Income 
For physical persons that are resident in Finland for tax purposes and for Finnish estates of deceased persons, 
interest on Instruments may constitute income subject to tax prepayment withholding at a rate of 30 per 
cent under the Prepayment Act (Fin. Ennakkoperintälaki (1118/1996), as amended), and subject to final 
taxation as capital income under the Income Tax Act (Fin. Tuloverolaki (1535/1992), as amended). The tax 
rate applicable to capital income is at present 30 per cent. The tax rate for the part of capital income which 
exceeds 30,000 euros per year is, 34 per cent. Alternatively, interest paid to a Finnish tax resident physical 
person or a Finnish estate of a deceased person may be income subject to tax at a rate of 30 per cent pursuant 
to the Interest Income Withholding Tax Act (Fin. Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta (1341/1990), as amended). 
Index-linked yield is generally treated as interest income.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any income from the sale or other disposal of securities that is considered a capital gain in the Finnish 
taxation as well as payment of accrued interest (Fin. jälkimarkkinahyvitys) is taxed as capital income as 
described above. However, capital gains are exempted from tax if the total amount of the consideration 
from the disposal of the person's disposed assets does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. Correspondingly, 
any loss arising from the sale or other disposal of securities that does not belong to the business activities 
of the individual is deductible from capital gains and generally also from other capital income arising in the 
same year or during the subsequent five years. Capital losses due to disposal will not, however, be tax 
deductible if the total amount of the acquisition costs of the assets sold by the individual does not exceed 
EUR 1,000 in a tax year. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the consideration from the disposal and 
the aggregate of the actual acquisition cost and sales related expenses. Generally, individuals may 
alternatively choose to apply the presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost for the 
assets. The presumptive acquisition cost of 20 per cent is deducted from the consideration from the disposal 
but, if the shareholder has held the assets for at least ten years, the presumptive acquisition cost is 40 per 
cent of the consideration from the disposal. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied instead of the 
actual acquisition cost, all expenses arising from acquiring the gains are deemed to be included in the 
presumptive acquisition cost and, therefore, cannot be deducted separately from the consideration from the 
disposal. 
According to a ruling by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court, the income from the sale or exercise 
of non-listed cash settled Warrants that are transferable securities and that, even if non listed, have such 
qualities that they could be listed, is subject to taxation in Finland as a capital gain. The same tax treatment 
should apply to listed Warrants. It would, furthermore, seem that the income from the sale or exercise of 
non-listed cash settled Warrants that do not fulfil the criteria discussed in the above Supreme Administrative 
Court ruling, would be taxable as other capital income of the Finnish resident individual investor, and not 
as a capital gain. 
According to the above mentioned ruling, losses arising from the sale or exercise of non-listed cash settled 
Warrants, in cases where the Warrants do not qualify for capital gains taxation as discussed above, are non-
deductible altogether in the taxation of a Finnish resident individual investor. 
The principles of the above discussed ruling should as a starting point apply also with respect to Certificates. 
Taxation of Finnish Corporate Entities 
The following applies to Finnish corporate entities taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act 
(Fin. Laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968), as amended). As of tax year 2020, most Finnish 
corporate entities are taxed exclusively in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act.  
Finnish corporations are subject to a national corporate income tax on their worldwide income. Corporate 
income is taxed according to a fixed tax rate which currently is 20 per cent. No tax prepayment is withheld 
from principal or interest payments made to corporate entities residing in Finland.   
The capital gain (as well as the capital loss) is calculated by deducting the total sum of the actual acquisition 
cost and selling cost from the consideration from the disposal. Confirmed losses can generally be carried 
forward and deducted from the taxable income for ten years following the loss-making year, provided that 
no change in ownership triggering forfeiture of tax loss carry-forwards occur. Specific limitations apply to 
the deductibility of any capital losses incurred under the Income Tax Act prior to tax year 2020, as well as 
capital losses incurred from the transfer of assets belonging to the "other assets" asset class under the 
Business Income Tax Act, introduced as of tax year 2020. 
Taxation of Non-Finnish Residents 
Non-Finnish tax residents who do not conduct business through a permanent establishment in Finland, 
should not be subject to Finnish taxation either on principal or interest payments under Instruments or gains 
realized on the redemption, sale or other disposal of Instruments. The payer is obliged to ascertain that the 
recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. The recipient is obliged to disclose their non-resident 
investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide such information, the Issuer will be entitled to

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Instruments, if it is required to do so under 
Finnish law, and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any additional amounts. 
Reporting and Compliance 
An issuer resident in Finland for tax purposes and a Finnish paying agent or intermediary is generally 
obliged to report to the Finnish Tax Administration any interest payments and comparable yield payments, 
secondary market compensations and index compensations paid to and received under the Instruments by 
a Finnish tax resident individual or an estate of a deceased resident individual, or by a non-resident recipient 
of such payment under securities, and any preliminary tax withheld from such payments. An issuer resident 
in Finland for tax purposes and an intermediary, as defined in the applicable Finnish tax regulations, also 
has an obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration any transactions in the Instruments brokered 
or made by it, concerning both resident and non-resident holders of Instruments. A Finnish tax resident 
custodian, and the Finnish branch of a non-resident custodian, furthermore has an obligation to report to 
the Finnish Tax Administration the information necessary for the calculation of capital gains received by 
resident and non-resident holders of Instruments, to the extent the custodian has such information. Resident 
individuals and estates of a deceased person are required to review the tax information contained in their 
pre-completed annual tax return and, if necessary, correct or complete the information in the tax return. 
Transfer Taxation and Value Added Taxation 
A transfer or a redemption of the Instruments may be subject to Finnish transfer taxation. A transfer or a 
redemption by way of a cash settlement of the Instruments is not subject to Finnish VAT. 
United States Taxation 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA," that generally impose a reporting 
and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including dividends and interest) and, 
following the date that is two years after the publication of the final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payment", certain payments made by entities that are classified as financial institutions 
under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the 
implementation of FATCA with Finland (the "Finnish IGA"). Under the Finnish IGA, as currently drafted, 
the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Instruments to be subject to withholding 
under FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no 
assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments 
made on or with respect to the Instruments in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA. The Issuer would have no obligation to pay any 
additional amounts in relation to such withholding or deduction. 
Possible United States Withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Tax Code  
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
require withholding of up to 30 per cent. (depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption 
applies) on payments or deemed payments made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the 
extent that such payments are contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends. These 
rules differentiate between "Delta-One" and "Non-Delta-One" transactions. Withholding currently applies 
to Delta-One Instruments and should not apply to Non-Delta-One Instruments issued before 1 January 2023 
("Grandfathered Instruments") (unless the Non-Delta-One Instruments are "significantly modified" on 
or after 1 January 2023). However, significant aspects of the application of these regulations to the 
Instruments are uncertain. Payments on Instruments, other than Grandfathered Instruments, that are treated 
by the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations as being contingent upon, or determined by reference to, any 
U.S. source dividends may be subject to this withholding. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents amounts will generally be required when the relevant 
payment is made on an Instrument or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. 
investor of the Instruments. Instruments may be treated as paying dividend equivalent amounts to the extent 
U.S. source dividends are expected to be paid on the underlying equity securities, even if no corresponding 
payment on the Instrument is explicitly linked to such dividends and even if, upon maturity, lapse or other 
disposition by the non-U.S. investor, the investor realises a loss. The U.S. Treasury Regulations provide

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
exceptions to withholding, in particular for certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the 
Instruments, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the 
applicable regulations to the Instruments.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer or by one or more Authorised Offerors acting on 
their behalf. 
The United States of America 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance 
with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell or deliver, Instruments of any Tranche (a) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s) within the United States or to, or for the account or of benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
that it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Instruments of such Tranche during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such 
Instruments within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Instruments an offer 
or sale of Instruments of such Tranche within the United States may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
In addition, certain Series of Instruments in respect of which any payment is determined by reference to an 
index or formula, or to changes in prices of securities or commodities, or certain other Instruments will be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Offeror may 
agree. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the 
United Kingdom (each, a "Relevant State"), each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in that 
Member State:

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those 
Instruments may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Instruments which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus which has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Offeror or Authorised Offerors nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Authorised Offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to 
any Instruments in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA")) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any of the Instruments directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of 
public offering, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Lov om kapitalmarkeder), as 
amended from time to time, the Danish executive orders issued thereunder and the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of the Instruments in Denmark means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Finland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer 
and sell the Instruments or bring the Instruments into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance 
with all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland. Instruments may only be offered and sold to the public 
in Finland provided that either (i) a prospectus in relation to the Instruments is prepared in accordance 
with the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, (746/2012), as amended) (the

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
"Finnish Securities Markets Act") and/or other applicable laws and regulations including the Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, or (ii) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available 
under the applicable laws of Finland, especially the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent 
and agree that Instruments may not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of deceased individuals that 
are resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
Norway 
The Instruments have not been registered or approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority, 
the Oslo Stock Exchange or the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and, accordingly, each 
Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations 
and guidelines applicable to the offering of Instruments in Norway. 
Instruments denominated in NOK may not be offered or sold within Norway or to or for the account or 
benefit of persons domiciled in Norway, unless the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depositories Act and relevant regulations relating to the offer of VPS Instruments and 
the registration in Euronext VPS or another securities registry which is properly authorised or recognised 
by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, has been complied with. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree that no Instruments will be offered to the 
public in Sweden nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus 
in relation to those Instruments has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and such competent authority has notified the competent 
authority in Sweden, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the 
requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Instruments, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2017 (as 
amended, the "MiFID II Regulations") including, without limitation, Regulations 5 thereof or any 
codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Instruments, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended);  
(iii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Instruments 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and any rules issued 
by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(iv) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Instruments 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued 
in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, no action has been or will be taken in any country or 
jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of Instruments, or possession or distribution 
of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the board of directors 
of the Issuer held on 5 September 2018. 
2. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, 
or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
3. 
Since 31 December 2019, the date to which the latest consolidated audited financial statements of 
the Issuer were prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Nordea Group, except for the impact of the coronavirus outbreak referred to in the Risk 
Factor headed "Risk Factors — Risks Relating to the Outbreak of COVID-19 — The global 
coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and 
liquidity." on page 11 of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Since 30 September 2020, the date to which the latest published consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer were prepared, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial performance 
or the financial position of the Issuer or the Nordea Group and (ii) there has been no significant 
change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group have been audited without qualification 
for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 by authorised public accountants 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The 
auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
6. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of the 
Issuer and at https://www.nordea.com: 
(a) 
the certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) (which contains the forms 
of the Instruments); 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant (as supplemented from time to time); 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018 including the audit reports relating thereto; 
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated interim financial statements of Nordea 
Bank Abp for the nine months ended 30 September 2020; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto; and 
(g) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on any stock exchange and issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
7. 
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or, in the case of VP Instruments, the VP or, in the case of VPS Instruments, Euronext 
VPS or, in the case of Finnish Instruments, Euroclear Finland or, in the case of Swedish 
Instruments, Euroclear Sweden. Clearance arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer and the

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to any Series cleared through any 
other relevant clearing system. 
8. 
The appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Financial 
Instrument Short Name ("FISN") and/or Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code for 
each issue and details of any other agreed clearance system(s) will be contained in the Final Terms 
relating thereto. 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code for the Issuer is 5299000D13047E2L1V03. 
10. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.nordea.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
11. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. 
12. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 
Copenhagen 5, Denmark. 
13. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA, P.O. 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
14. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
15. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Swedish Central Securities Depository, Euroclear Sweden, 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, PO Box 191, SE 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
16. 
It is expected that each Series of Instruments which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the relevant 
Instruments and the approval of the Programme in respect of such Instrument(s) will be granted on 
or about 18 December 2020. 
17. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar in relation to each Series. 
18. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Instrumentholders in respect of the 
Instruments being issued. 
19. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information under paragraph 3.1 of Annex 17 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
20. 
The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
21. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Instruments and is not itself seeking admission of the Instruments to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
22. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The Issuer has commenced a number of public offers of Instruments pursuant to the previous Base 
Prospectus dated 18 December 2019 relating to the Programme. The ISIN's of the relevant Instruments are 
listed below:

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
ISIN 
FI4000036934 
NO0010852387 
FI4000454616 
SE0014445300 
DK0061422227 
FI4000036991 
SE0012563880 
NO0010906605 
SE0014445318 
DK0061427101 
FI4000037056 
SE0012567469 
NO0010906530 
SE0014445383 
FI4000467329 
FI4000037080 
SE0012567477 
NO0010905706 
SE0014445458 
NO0010912215 
FI4000036942 
SE0012567485 
FI4000454657 
SE0014445466 
FI4000466875 
FI4000037007 
SE0012567493 
DK0061358462 
SE0014445524 
NO0010911977 
SE0004446326 
SE0012568210 
DK0061363462 
SE0014445565 
DK0061428182 
SE0004446334 
SE0012568228 
DK0061362498 
SE0014445573 
DK0061423118 
SE0004446342 
SE0012567618 
NO0010906407 
SE0014445581 
FI4000466958 
SE0004446359 
SE0012567626 
NO0010906415 
SE0014445649 
NO0010912298 
SE0004446409 
SE0012567634 
FI4000454574 
SE0014445656 
NO0010912058 
SE0004446417 
SE0012567642 
DK0061357498 
SE0014445060 
FI4000467360 
SE0004446425 
SE0012567659 
FI4000454392 
SE0014445078 
FI4000466917 
SE0004446433 
SE0012567717 
NO0010906464 
SE0014445086 
NO0010912256 
SE0004446441 
SE0012567725 
DK0061361763 
SE0014445094 
NO0010912017 
SE0004446458 
SE0012567733 
NO0010906266 
SE0014445102 
FI4000467246 
SE0004446466 
SE0012567741 
NO0010906274 
SE0014445136 
FI4000466792 
SE0004446482 
SE0012567758 
FI4000454327 
SE0014445144 
NO0010912553 
SE0004446490 
SE0012567816 
FI4000454509 
SE0014445151 
SE0015227178 
SE0004446508 
SE0012567824 
DK0061356763 
SE0014445169 
SE0015227269 
SE0004446516 
SE0012567832 
NO0010906340 
SE0014445193 
DK0061426210 
SE0004446953 
SE0012567840 
FI4000454368 
SE0014445185 
DK0061421336 
SE0004446961 
SE0012567857 
DK0061357142 
SE0014445227 
DK0061425832 
SE0004446979 
SE0012567865 
DK0061362142 
SE0014445235 
DK0061420957 
SE0004446987 
SE0012567873 
NO0010906357 
SE0014445920 
FI4000467204 
SE0004446995 
SE0012567881 
FI4000454541 
DK0061318086 
NO0010912751 
SE0004447001 
SE0012567899 
NO0010906175 
DK0061318326 
NO0010912512 
SE0004447035 
SE0012567907 
NO0010906191 
DK0061318409 
SE0015227301 
SE0004447043 
SE0012567923 
FI4000454285 
DK0061318599 
NO0010911936 
SE0004447050 
SE0012567931 
SE0014825642 
DK0061318672 
DK0061426723 
SE0004447068 
SE0012567964 
DK0061356250 
DK0061318755 
DK0061421849 
SE0004446912 
SE0012567915 
DK0061361250 
DK0061318839 
FI4000467287 
SE0004446920 
SE0012567980 
FI4000454202 
DK0061318912 
FI4000466834 
SE0004446938 
SE0012567998 
SE0014825568 
DK0061319480 
NO0010912173 
FI4000040191 
SE0012567949 
NO0010905888 
DK0061319563 
SE0015227236 
FI4000040209 
SE0012567956 
NO0010906878 
DK0061320066 
DK0061425089 
FI4000040225 
SE0012567972 
FI4000454244 
DK0061320140 
FI4000467576 
FI4000040233 
SE0012568061 
NO0010905920 
DK0061320223 
FI4000467121 
FI4000040241 
SE0012568079 
DK0061360872 
DK0061320306 
NO0010912678 
SE0004580165 
SE0012568137 
SE0014825667 
DK0061320496 
NO0010912439 
SE0004580173 
SE0012568103 
SE0014825600 
DK0061320579 
DK0061424512 
SE0004580181 
SE0012568095 
NO0010905979 
DK0061320736 
FI4000467535 
SE0004580199 
SE0012568004 
NO0010906795 
DK0061320652 
FI4000467089 
SE0004580207 
SE0012568087 
FI4000454160 
DK0061320819 
NO0010912397 
SE0004580223 
SE0012568145 
SE0014825527 
DK0061321031 
NO0010912637

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
SE0004580231 
SE0012568129 
NO0010905847 
DK0061321973 
SE0015227343 
SE0004580264 
SE0012568111 
DK0061359940 
DK0061322278 
DK0061425402 
SE0004580272 
SE0012568152 
DK0061360443 
DK0061322195 
DK0061420528 
SE0004580280 
DK0061059987 
NO0010906019 
DK0061322351 
FI4000467162 
SE0004580306 
FI4000391602 
NO0010906837 
DK0061322435 
NO0010912710 
SE0004580314 
FI4000391586 
NO0010906738 
DK0061322518 
NO0010912470 
SE0004580348 
FI4000391610 
SE0014825477 
DK0061322781 
NO0010912348 
SE0004580355 
FI4000391594 
NO0010905797 
DK0061322864 
NO0010912108 
SE0004580363 
FI4000393335 
FI4000454749 
DK0061322948 
DK0061428695 
SE0004580371 
FI4000393319 
DK0061359353 
DK0061323086 
DK0061423704 
SE0004580389 
FI4000393301 
FI4000454665 
DK0061323169 
FI4000467451 
SE0004580397 
FI4000393293 
NO0010906670 
DK0061324803 
FI4000467006 
SE0004580405 
FI4000393285 
NO0010906621 
DK0061324993 
DK0061429586 
SE0004580413 
FI4000393244 
FI4000454707 
DK0061325024 
DK0061429073 
SE0004580421 
FI4000393228 
SE0014825436 
DK0061325297 
DK0061424199 
SE0004580439 
FI4000393210 
NO0010905755 
DK0061325107 
FI4000467493 
SE0004580447 
FI4000393202 
DK0061358975 
DK0061325370 
FI4000467048 
SE0004580454 
FI4000393194 
NO0010906548 
DK0061325453 
NO0010912595 
SE0004580462 
FI4000393186 
NO0010906498 
DK0061325537 
NO0010912355 
SE0004580470 
FI4000392733 
FI4000454442 
DK0061325610 
NO0010913353 
SE0004580488 
FI4000392725 
FI4000454624 
DK0061325883 
NO0010913858 
SE0004580496 
FI4000392709 
DK0061358033 
DK0061325966 
NO0010913916 
SE0004582195 
FI4000392717 
DK0061363033 
DK0061326188 
NO0010913486 
SE0004582211 
FI4000392691 
NO0010906555 
DK0061326345 
SE0015227632 
FI4000042825 
FI4000392683 
DK0061358546 
DK0061326261 
NO0010913155 
FI4000042841 
FI4000392642 
NO0010905714 
DK0061326428 
NO0010914302 
FI4000042858 
FI4000392634 
DK0061363546 
DK0061326857 
NO0010913585 
FI4000042890 
FI4000392626 
NO0010906639 
DK0061326931 
NO0010914591 
FI4000042924 
FI4000392618 
NO0010906431 
DK0061327079 
NO0010913668 
FI4000042999 
FI4000392600 
NO0010906423 
DK0061327152 
NO0010914633 
FI4000043013 
FI4000392592 
FI4000454582 
DK0061327236 
NO0010913205 
FI4000043039 
FI4000392584 
FI4000454400 
DK0061327582 
NO0010913254 
FI4000043054 
FI4000409867 
DK0061357571 
DK0061327319 
NO0010913007 
DK0060442044 
FI4000409685 
DK0061362571 
DK0061327665 
NO0010914096 
DK0060442200 
FI4000409677 
NO0010906282 
DK0061327749 
SE0015227517 
DK0060442127 
FI4000409602 
NO0010906290 
DK0061327822 
NO0010913312 
DK0060442473 
FI4000408414 
FI4000454517 
DK0061327905 
NO0010913932 
FI4000047428 
FI4000408406 
DK0061356847 
DK0061328044 
NO0010914161 
FI4000047436 
FI4000408398 
FI4000454335 
DK0061328127 
NO0010913064 
FI4000047444 
FI4000408380 
DK0061361847 
DK0061328200 
NO0010914179 
FI4000047451 
SE0013250792 
NO0010906365 
DK0061330370 
NO0010914534 
FI4000047469 
SE0013250776 
NO0010906373 
DK0061330453 
NO0010913114 
FI4000047477 
SE0013250768 
DK0061356334 
DK0061330537 
NO0010913643 
FI4000047485 
SE0013250750 
DK0061361334 
DK0061329281 
SE0015227681 
FI4000047519 
SE0013250701 
NO0010906209 
DK0061329364 
NO0010913163 
FI4000047527 
SE0013250693 
NO0010906217 
DK0061329448 
NO0010913783

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
FI4000047535 
SE0013250685 
FI4000454293 
DK0061329521 
SE0015227723 
FI4000047543 
SE0013250677 
FI4000454475 
DK0061329604 
SE0015227459 
FI4000047550 
FI4000407218 
NO0010906027 
DK0061329794 
NO0010913577 
FI4000047584 
FI4000407192 
NO0010906845 
DK0061329877 
NO0010912884 
FI4000047592 
FI4000407184 
SE0014825576 
DK0061329950 
NO0010913965 
FI4000047600 
FI4000407259 
FI4000454210 
DK0061330024 
NO0010913833 
FI4000047618 
FI4000407234 
NO0010905896 
DK0061330107 
NO0010913320 
FI4000047642 
FI4000407226 
DK0061360526 
DK0061330297 
SE0015227574 
FI4000047659 
NO0010867542 
SE0014825675 
SE0014809141 
SE0015227624 
FI4000047667 
NO0010867567 
NO0010906902 
SE0014809158 
NO0010913452 
FI4000047675 
DK0061255817 
FI4000454251 
SE0014809166 
NO0010913569 
FI4000047717 
DK0061255734 
SE0014825618 
SE0014809174 
NO0010913973 
DK0060711398 
DK0061255494 
DK0061363975 
SE0014809182 
SE0015227665 
DK0060458552 
DK0061255304 
DK0061360955 
SE0014809190 
NO0010913551 
DK0060458636 
DK0061254927 
NO0010905854 
SE0014809216 
NO0010914575 
FI4000052063 
DK0061254760 
FI4000454178 
SE0014809224 
NO0010913148 
FI4000059183 
DK0061254687 
DK0061360013 
SE0014809232 
NO0010914294 
FI4000059191 
DK0061254414 
NO0010905987 
SE0014809240 
NO0010914625 
FI4000059209 
DK0061238482 
NO0010906803 
SE0014809257 
NO0010913197 
SE0005039450 
DK0061241007 
SE0014825535 
SE0014809265 
NO0010913767 
SE0005039468 
NO0010870090 
NO0010906746 
SE0014809273 
NO0010913247 
SE0005039476 
NO0010870165 
FI4000454756 
SE0014809281 
SE0015227509 
SE0005039484 
SE0013648672 
NO0010905805 
SE0014809299 
NO0010913304 
SE0005039500 
SE0013537131 
DK0061359437 
SE0014809323 
NO0010912983 
SE0005039518 
SE0013537123 
NO0010905938 
SE0014809331 
NO0010914070 
SE0005136801 
SE0013537115 
SE0014825485 
SE0014809349 
NO0010914153 
SE0005136819 
SE0013537073 
NO0010906647 
SE0014809356 
NO0010914104 
SE0005136827 
SE0013537065 
NO0010906571 
SE0014809364 
NO0010913049 
SE0005136835 
SE0013648680 
FI4000454673 
SE0014809372 
NO0010914526 
SE0005136843 
DK0061235892 
NO0010905722 
SE0014809406 
NO0010913106 
SE0005136850 
DK0061235702 
DK0061358629 
SE0014809422 
NO0010914252 
SE0005136868 
DK0061235629 
DK0061363629 
SE0014809448 
NO0010913478 
SE0005136876 
DK0061235546 
DK0061359007 
SE0014809497 
SE0015227673 
SE0005219029 
DK0061235462 
NO0010906688 
SE0014809505 
NO0010914013 
SE0005219037 
DK0061235389 
SE0014825444 
SE0014809539 
NO0010913627 
SE0005219045 
FI4000401856 
NO0010905763 
SE0014809588 
NO0010913023 
SE0005219060 
SE0013114626 
FI4000454715 
SE0014809612 
SE0015227715 
SE0005219078 
FI4000400445 
NO0010906563 
SE0014809620 
NO0010913437 
SE0005219086 
SE0013915923 
NO0010906506 
SE0014809703 
NO0010912876 
SE0005219094 
SE0013916251 
FI4000454632 
SE0014809711 
NO0010913866 
SE0005219128 
SE0013916269 
DK0061358116 
SE0014809778 
NO0010913817 
SE0005219136 
DK0061221918 
FI4000454459 
SE0014809786 
NO0010913288 
SE0005219144 
SE0013934601 
DK0061363116 
SE0014809810 
NO0010913403 
SE0005219151 
SE0013934643 
FI4000454558 
SE0014809828 
SE0015227616 
SE0005219169 
SE0013934510 
FI4000454376 
SE0014809836 
NO0010913890 
SE0005219177 
SE0013934502 
DK0061357225 
SE0014809844 
SE0015227657

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
SE0005219185 
FI4000418793 
DK0061362225 
SE0014809851 
NO0010913957 
SE0005219193 
FI4000418785 
DK0061357654 
SE0014809869 
NO0010914286 
SE0005219201 
SE0013934155 
DK0061362654 
SE0014810388 
NO0010913528 
SE0005219219 
SE0013934163 
NO0010906472 
SE0014810396 
NO0010914567 
SE0005219227 
SE0013934148 
NO0010906449 
SE0014810404 
NO0010913130 
SE0005219268 
SE0013934130 
FI4000454418 
SE0014810412 
NO0010914617 
SE0005336054 
SE0013934270 
FI4000454590 
SE0014810420 
NO0010913189 
SE0005335908 
SE0013934106 
FI4000456264 
SE0014810438 
NO0010913619 
FI4000070685 
SE0013934098 
FI4000456306 
SE0014810446 
NO0010913718 
FI4000070693 
SE0013934247 
FI4000456454 
SE0014810453 
NO0010913221 
FI4000070701 
SE0013934254 
NO0010903842 
SE0014810461 
SE0015227475 
FI4000070743 
SE0013934239 
NO0010903164 
SE0014810487 
NO0010913080 
FI4000070784 
SE0013934221 
NO0010903909 
SE0014810495 
NO0010913809 
FI4000070800 
SE0013934346 
FI4000456413 
SE0014810503 
NO0010912975 
SE0005471216 
SE0013934189 
FI4000456371 
SE0014810511 
SE0015227533 
SE0005471224 
SE0013934213 
FI4000456587 
SE0014810529 
NO0010913361 
SE0005471232 
SE0013934205 
FI4000456546 
SE0014810537 
NO0010914054 
SE0006341350 
SE0013934197 
FI4000456629 
SE0014810545 
NO0010913031 
SE0006341160 
DK0061217130 
FI4000456256 
SE0014810586 
NO0010914138 
SE0006341178 
DK0061217486 
FI4000456330 
SE0014810610 
NO0010913445 
SE0006341194 
DK0061216918 
FI4000456298 
SE0014810628 
NO0010913098 
SE0006341210 
DK0061217056 
FI4000456488 
SE0014810636 
NO0010914237 
SE0006341418 
DK0061216595 
FI4000456447 
SE0014810644 
SE0015227707 
SE0006341228 
DK0061216322 
FI4000456520 
SE0014810651 
NO0010914088 
SE0006341145 
DK0061216249 
NO0010903156 
SE0014810669 
NO0010913726 
SE0006341152 
DK0061216165 
NO0010903875 
SE0014810677 
NO0010913270 
SE0006341269 
FI4000418637 
FI4000456363 
SE0014810685 
NO0010912868 
SE0006341277 
FI4000418629 
FI4000456405 
SE0014810750 
NO0010913841 
SE0006341285 
FI4000418611 
FI4000456579 
SE0014810768 
SE0015227749 
SE0006341202 
FI4000418603 
FI4000456538 
SE0014810784 
NO0010913262 
SE0006341319 
FI4000418561 
FI4000456611 
SE0014810776 
NO0010913874 
SE0006341327 
FI4000418546 
FI4000456280 
SE0014810792 
NO0010913387 
SE0006341335 
FI4000418538 
FI4000456249 
SE0014810826 
SE0015227640 
SE0006341236 
FI4000418520 
FI4000456322 
SE0014810834 
NO0010913940 
SE0006341343 
FI4000418413 
FI4000456470 
SE0014810842 
NO0010913510 
SE0006341244 
FI4000418405 
NO0010903867 
SE0014810859 
NO0010913593 
SE0006341459 
FI4000418397 
FI4000456439 
SE0014810867 
NO0010914609 
SE0006341251 
FI4000418371 
FI4000456512 
SE0014810875 
NO0010913171 
SE0006341368 
FI4000418363 
NO0010903149 
SE0014810883 
NO0010914310 
SE0006341384 
DK0061214970 
FI4000456637 
SE0014810891 
NO0010913676 
SE0006341392 
DK0061214897 
FI4000456595 
SE0014810909 
NO0010913213 
SE0006341400 
DK0061214707 
FI4000456355 
SE0014810925 
SE0015227525 
SE0006341434 
DK0061214624 
FI4000456553 
SE0014810917 
NO0010913346 
SE0006341442 
DK0061214541 
FI4000456421 
SE0014810933 
NO0010913981 
DK0060610871 
DK0061214467 
FI4000456389 
SE0014810941 
NO0010913015 
DK0060611762 
DK0061210473 
FI4000456397 
SE0014810958 
NO0010914120

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
DK0060612224 
DK0061210200 
FI4000456561 
SE0014810966 
NO0010913429 
DK0060612067 
DK0061210127 
FI4000456348 
SE0014810990 
NO0010914211 
DK0060611093 
DK0061210044 
NO0010903131 
SE0014811006 
NO0010914559 
DK0060611176 
DK0061209970 
FI4000456504 
SE0014811014 
NO0010913122 
DK0060611259 
DK0061211364 
FI4000456603 
SE0014811022 
NO0010914278 
DK0060613388 
SE0013934064 
FI4000456462 
SE0014811030 
NO0010914062 
DK0060612141 
SE0013934056 
NO0010903859 
SE0014811089 
NO0010913692 
DK0060612307 
SE0013934031 
FI4000456272 
SE0014811097 
SE0015227699 
DK0060612737 
SE0013934023 
NO0010903172 
SE0014811105 
SE0015227731 
DK0060612570 
SE0013934015 
FI4000456314 
SE0014811113 
NO0010912850 
DK0060613974 
DK0061208493 
FI4000465323 
SE0014811121 
NO0010913825 
DK0060614006 
DK0061208303 
FI4000465406 
SE0014811139 
NO0010913239 
DK0060614196 
DK0061208147 
FI4000465380 
SE0014811162 
NO0010912967 
DK0060611689 
DK0061208063 
FI4000465398 
SE0014811170 
NO0010913742 
DK0060611846 
DK0061207925 
FI4000464904 
SE0014811188 
NO0010912959 
DK0060611929 
FI4000418272 
FI4000464896 
SE0014811196 
SE0015227467 
DK0060613701 
FI4000418264 
FI4000464888 
SE0014811204 
SE0015227871 
DK0060615169 
FI4000418249 
FI4000464870 
SE0014811212 
SE0015227889 
DK0060612497 
FI4000418231 
DK0061364007 
SE0014811220 
SE0015227897 
DK0060612653 
FI4000418223 
DK0061364197 
SE0014811238 
SE0015228135 
DK0060612810 
DK0061209707 
DK0061364270 
SE0014811394 
SE0015228085 
DK0060614352 
DK0061209624 
DK0061364353 
SE0014811428 
SE0015228374 
DK0060613115 
DK0061209111 
FI4000462270 
SE0014811436 
SE0015228200 
DK0060613461 
DK0061209038 
FI4000464235 
SE0014811469 
SE0015228119 
DK0060610608 
DK0061208816 
FI4000464227 
SE0014811477 
SE0015228234 
DK0060615086 
DK0061208733 
FI4000462262 
SE0014811832 
SE0015228317 
DK0060610954 
DK0061207339 
FI4000462254 
SE0014811840 
SE0015227970 
DK0060613891 
DK0061207255 
FI4000462247 
SE0014811857 
SE0015228143 
DK0060614436 
DK0061207172 
SE0015225578 
SE0014811865 
SE0015228093 
DK0060614519 
DK0061207099 
SE0015225610 
SE0014811873 
SE0015228341 
DK0060615243 
DK0061206794 
SE0015225537 
SE0014811881 
SE0015228390 
DK0060614279 
DK0061206604 
SE0014827119 
NO0010884422 
SE0015228309 
DK0060632099 
FI4000418140 
SE0014827226 
NO0010884430 
SE0015228218 
DK0060632255 
FI4000418132 
FI4000462346 
NO0010884471 
SE0015227954 
DK0060631877 
FI4000418124 
FI4000462288 
NO0010884489 
SE0015227962 
DK0060631794 
SE0013931771 
FI4000462593 
NO0010884497 
SE0015228150 
DK0060631950 
SE0013931763 
FI4000462320 
NO0010884505 
SE0015228101 
DK0060632172 
SE0013931755 
FI4000462528 
SE0014811998 
SE0015228333 
SE0007130398 
DK0061205713 
FI4000462510 
SE0014812004 
SE0015228291 
SE0007187588 
DK0061205630 
SE0015225669 
SE0014812012 
SE0015228408 
SE0007187604 
DK0061205556 
SE0015225644 
SE0014812020 
SE0015228226 
SE0007187612 
DK0061205127 
SE0015225586 
SE0014812046 
SE0015228176 
SE0007491840 
DK0061205044 
SE0015225560 
SE0014812053 
SE0015228259 
SE0007491857 
DK0061204906 
SE0014827143 
SE0014812061 
SE0015228127 
SE0007491865 
DK0061204583 
SE0014827101 
SE0014812079 
SE0015228077 
SE0007491873 
DK0061204310 
SE0014827218 
SE0014812095 
SE0015228325

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
SE0007491881 
SE0013931714 
FI4000462353 
SE0014812087 
SE0015228283 
SE0007491899 
SE0013931706 
FI4000462296 
SE0014812103 
SE0015228382 
SE0007491907 
DK0061204237 
FI4000462551 
SE0014812111 
SE0015228168 
SE0007491915 
DK0061204153 
FI4000462486 
SE0014812129 
SE0015228242 
SE0007491923 
FI4000419569 
FI4000462569 
SE0014812137 
SE0015228499 
SE0007491931 
FI4000419551 
SE0015225651 
SE0014812145 
SE0015228507 
FI4000050265 
SE0013931680 
SE0015225602 
SE0014812152 
SE0015228481 
FI4000050281 
SE0013931649 
SE0015225636 
SE0014812160 
SE0010629014 
FI4000050406 
SE0013931623 
SE0015225552 
SE0014812178 
SE0010629022 
FI4000050232 
FI4000419486 
SE0014827135 
SE0014812228 
SE0010629030 
FI4000050240 
FI4000419502 
SE0014827242 
SE0014812251 
FI4000287297 
FI4000050463 
DK0061202611 
SE0014827200 
SE0014812269 
FI4000287305 
FI4000050471 
DK0061202371 
FI4000462361 
SE0014812277 
FI4000287313 
FI4000050299 
DK0061201803 
FI4000462304 
SE0014812285 
FI4000308937 
FI4000050489 
DK0061201720 
FI4000462619 
SE0014812293 
FI4000308945 
FI4000050307 
SE0013931532 
FI4000462544 
SE0014812301 
FI4000308952 
FI4000050315 
SE0013931524 
FI4000462494 
SE0014812319 
FI4000308960 
FI4000050224 
SE0013931573 
FI4000462577 
SE0014812327 
FI4000308994 
FI4000050539 
SE0013931565 
SE0015225594 
SE0014812335 
FI4000309000 
FI4000050364 
FI4000419429 
SE0015225628 
SE0014812343 
FI4000309174 
FI4000050554 
FI4000419387 
SE0015225545 
SE0014812350 
FI4000309182 
FI4000050372 
SE0013930070 
SE0014827127 
SE0014812368 
FI4000309190 
FI4000050380 
SE0013930062 
SE0014827234 
SE0014812376 
FI4000309208 
FI4000050497 
SE0013929965 
FI4000462338 
SE0014812384 
FI4000309406 
FI4000050414 
SE0013929957 
FI4000462379 
SE0014812392 
FI4000309414 
FI4000050323 
SE0013930013 
FI4000462312 
SE0014812400 
FI4000309422 
FI4000050430 
SE0013930146 
FI4000462601 
SE0014812434 
FI4000309430 
FI4000050349 
SE0013930138 
FI4000462536 
SE0014812491 
SE0010975854 
FI4000050448 
SE0013929940 
FI4000462502 
SE0014812509 
SE0010975862 
FI4000050356 
SE0013930039 
FI4000462585 
SE0014812707 
SE0010975870 
FI4000050257 
SE0013929973 
DK0061366051 
SE0014812798 
SE0010975888 
FI4000050505 
SE0013929916 
NO0010908676 
SE0014812806 
FI4000311642 
FI4000050521 
SE0013930096 
NO0010908734 
SE0014812814 
FI4000311659 
FI4000050422 
SE0013930088 
NO0010908551 
SE0014812822 
FI4000311709 
FI4000050547 
SE0013929908 
DK0061366721 
SE0014812830 
FI4000333471 
FI4000050588 
SE0013929890 
NO0010908759 
SE0014812848 
FI4000333588 
FI4000050596 
SE0013929882 
DK0061365590 
SE0014812855 
SE0011421569 
FI4000050604 
SE0013930021 
DK0061364783 
SE0014812889 
SE0011421577 
FI4000050612 
SE0013930120 
NO0010908502 
SE0014812947 
SE0011421650 
FI4000050620 
SE0013929833 
NO0010908460 
SE0014812954 
FI4000348206 
FI4000050638 
SE0013929825 
DK0061365244 
SE0014812996 
FI4000348214 
DK0060664969 
SE0013929817 
DK0061366481 
SE0014813044 
FI4000348222 
DK0060665180 
SE0013929809 
NO0010908668 
SE0014813093 
FI4000348230 
DK0060665263 
SE0013929791 
NO0010908700 
SE0014813143 
FI4000348248 
DK0060665347 
SE0013930005 
NO0010908544 
SE0014813150 
FI4000348255 
DK0060665503 
SE0013929684 
DK0061366804 
SE0014813176 
FI4000348362

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
DK0060665693 
SE0013929676 
NO0010908742 
SE0014813226 
FI4000348370 
DK0060665776 
SE0013929866 
DK0061365913 
SE0014813234 
SE0011424225 
DK0060665859 
SE0013929668 
DK0061364940 
SE0014813242 
SE0011424209 
DK0060665933 
SE0013929841 
DK0061364866 
SE0014813325 
SE0011424217 
DK0060666154 
SE0013929650 
NO0010908494 
SE0014813333 
FI4000344700 
DK0060666238 
SE0013929858 
NO0010908452 
SE0014813341 
FI4000344775 
DK0060666584 
FI4000420260 
DK0061365673 
SE0014813366 
SE0011760396 
DK0060666667 
FI4000420252 
DK0061366218 
SE0014813408 
SE0011760370 
DK0060666741 
FI4000420245 
NO0010908650 
SE0014813416 
SE0011760388 
DK0060666907 
FI4000420203 
DK0061365756 
SE0014813424 
SE0011760404 
DK0060667046 
FI4000420195 
NO0010908692 
SE0014813457 
SE0011760412 
DK0060665420 
FI4000420187 
NO0010908445 
SE0014813481 
SE0011760875 
DK0060667202 
FI4000420385 
NO0010908528 
SE0014813507 
SE0011761360 
DK0060666824 
FI4000420369 
NO0010908486 
SE0014813531 
SE0011761378 
DK0060667129 
FI4000420344 
DK0061366994 
SE0014813523 
SE0011761386 
SE0007493986 
FI4000420328 
NO0010908726 
SE0014813549 
SE0011761576 
FI4000166525 
FI4000420302 
DK0061364437 
SE0014813556 
SE0011761550 
FI4000166533 
FI4000420286 
DK0061365087 
SE0014813572 
SE0011761568 
FI4000166566 
FI4000420146 
DK0061366564 
SE0014813580 
SE0011761394 
FI4000166574 
FI4000420138 
DK0061365327 
SE0014813598 
FI4000365705 
SE0007493960 
FI4000420120 
DK0061366135 
SE0014813622 
FI4000365713 
SE0007493952 
FI4000420096 
DK0061365830 
SE0014813630 
FI4000365721 
SE0007494000 
FI4000419999 
NO0010908684 
SE0014813648 
FI4000365697 
SE0007493994 
FI4000419973 
NO0010908510 
SE0014813655 
FI4000365929 
SE0007493978 
FI4000419957 
NO0010908478 
SE0014813721 
FI4000365911 
FI4000166558 
FI4000419932 
NO0010908536 
SE0014813739 
FI4000365903 
SE0007494059 
FI4000419981 
NO0010908718 
SE0014812558 
FI4000364898 
SE0007494067 
FI4000419940 
DK0061364510 
SE0014812566 
SE0012320729 
SE0007494083 
FI4000419965 
NO0010908767 
SE0014812590 
SE0012322782 
SE0007494018 
DK0061200169 
DK0061366648 
SE0014812640 
SE0012322774 
SE0007494091 
DK0061200086 
DK0061365160 
SE0014812681 
SE0012322790 
SE0007494109 
DK0061199809 
DK0061365400 
DK0061337466 
SE0012322956 
SE0007494117 
DK0061199726 
SE0015225693 
DK0061337540 
SE0012322964 
SE0007494125 
DK0061199486 
FI4000463039 
DK0061337623 
SE0012322972 
SE0007494075 
DK0061199999 
FI4000462965 
DK0061337706 
SE0012322980 
SE0007494141 
DK0061199643 
SE0015225743 
DK0061337896 
FI4000374632 
SE0007494133 
DK0061199569 
SE0015225776 
DK0061337979 
FI4000374665 
SE0007494158 
DK0061199213 
DK0061367109 
DK0061338001 
FI4000374673 
SE0007494174 
NO0010878523 
NO0010908783 
SE0014814208 
FI4000395942 
SE0007494182 
NO0010878549 
DK0061367968 
SE0014814216 
FI4000396015 
SE0007494190 
NO0010878564 
NO0010908601 
SE0014814224 
FI4000396023 
SE0007494166 
DK0061197514 
NO0010908569 
SE0014814232 
FI4000395934 
SE0007495999 
DK0061197191 
FI4000462940 
SE0014814240 
SE0013256328 
SE0007495981 
DK0061196706 
DK0061367885 
SE0014814257 
SE0013256310 
SE0007496005 
SE0013929551 
NO0010908825 
SE0014814265 
SE0013256302 
SE0007694369 
SE0013929510 
FI4000463047 
SE0014814273 
SE0013256294

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
SE0007694401 
NO0010878770 
FI4000462973 
SE0014814281 
SE0013256203 
SE0007694377 
DK0061196623 
FI4000463005 
SE0014814299 
SE0013256195 
SE0007694385 
DK0061196540 
SE0015225784 
SE0014814307 
SE0013256187 
DK0060678597 
DK0061196466 
SE0015225719 
SE0014814315 
SE0013256179 
DK0060678753 
DK0061196110 
SE0015225701 
SE0014814323 
SE0013252244 
DK0060678670 
DK0061196037 
NO0010908791 
SE0014814331 
SE0013252236 
DK0060678837 
DK0061195815 
DK0061367455 
SE0014814349 
SE0013252228 
DK0060678910 
DK0061195732 
DK0061368180 
SE0014814356 
FI4000406012 
DK0060679058 
DK0061195658 
NO0010908619 
SE0014814562 
SE0013539400 
DK0060679132 
DK0061195302 
NO0010908577 
SE0014814570 
SE0013539459 
DK0060679215 
DK0061195229 
FI4000462999 
SE0014814588 
SE0013539483 
DK0060679488 
DK0061195146 
FI4000462916 
SE0014814703 
SE0013539426 
DK0060679561 
DK0061195062 
DK0061368347 
SE0014814786 
SE0013539442 
DK0060679645 
DK0061194842 
NO0010908833 
SE0014814794 
SE0013539467 
DK0060679728 
DK0061194768 
SE0015225677 
SE0014814802 
SE0013539418 
DK0060702561 
DK0061194685 
FI4000462981 
SE0014814810 
SE0013539475 
DK0060702801 
DK0061194412 
FI4000463013 
SE0014814828 
SE0013539434 
DK0060703106 
DK0061194339 
SE0015225792 
SE0014814836 
FI4000403001 
DK0060702645 
DK0061194099 
SE0015225727 
SE0014814844 
FI4000402995 
DK0060702991 
DK0061199130 
SE0015225750 
SE0014815270 
FI4000402987 
DK0060703296 
DK0061198918 
DK0061367539 
SE0014815262 
FI4000402979 
DK0060703379 
DK0061198595 
NO0010908809 
SE0014817912 
FI4000402961 
DK0060701407 
DK0061198751 
DK0061368263 
SE0014817904 
FI4000402953 
DK0060701753 
DK0061198322 
NO0010908627 
SE0014817953 
FI4000402946 
DK0060702058 
DK0061198678 
DK0061367299 
SE0014817896 
FI4000402565 
DK0060701597 
DK0061198082 
NO0010908585 
SE0014819009 
FI4000402557 
DK0060701837 
DK0061199056 
FI4000462924 
DK0061345055 
SE0013537255 
DK0060702132 
DK0061198405 
DK0061368420 
SE0014819876 
SE0013537248 
DK0060701670 
DK0061192556 
SE0015225685 
SE0014819645 
SE0013536810 
DK0060701910 
DK0061192473 
FI4000463021 
SE0014819587 
SE0013536802 
DK0060702215 
DK0061192390 
FI4000462957 
SE0014819793 
SE0013536794 
DK0060703452 
DK0061192127 
SE0015225800 
SE0014819835 
SE0013536786 
DK0060702488 
DK0061192044 
SE0015225735 
SE0014819546 
SE0013536828 
SE0008011357 
DK0061191905 
SE0015225768 
SE0014819751 
SE0013536760 
FI4000197389 
DK0061191822 
DK0061367026 
DK0061344918 
SE0013536778 
FI4000197397 
DK0061191749 
NO0010908775 
SE0014819900 
FI4000401740 
FI4000197405 
DK0061191582 
NO0010908593 
SE0014819785 
FI4000401732 
FI4000197439 
DK0061191319 
DK0061367372 
SE0014819579 
FI4000401724 
FI4000197421 
DK0061191236 
FI4000462932 
SE0014819827 
FI4000401716 
FI4000197447 
DK0061191152 
DK0061368503 
SE0014819868 
FI4000401708 
FI4000197454 
DK0061191079 
DK0061367612 
DK0061345568 
FI4000401690 
FI4000197462 
DK0061190857 
NO0010908817 
SE0014819744 
FI4000401682 
FI4000197488 
DK0061190774 
DK0061419942 
SE0014819538 
FI4000401674 
DK0060716355 
SE0013926383 
NO0010910979 
DK0061345212 
FI4000401666 
DK0060716439 
SE0013926458 
SE0015225891 
SE0014819892 
FI4000401658 
DK0060716512 
SE0013926433 
DK0061420445 
SE0014819660 
FI4000401641

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
DK0060716785 
SE0013926409 
FI4000463054 
SE0014819777 
FI4000401633 
DK0060716868 
SE0013926474 
SE0015225917 
SE0014819561 
FI4000401625 
DK0060716942 
SE0013926391 
SE0015225958 
SE0014819819 
FI4000401617 
DK0060717080 
SE0013926466 
NO0010908841 
SE0014819850 
FI4000401609 
DK0060717247 
SE0013926375 
DK0061419868 
DK0061345485 
FI4000401591 
DK0060715621 
SE0013926441 
NO0010910961 
SE0014819934 
FI4000401583 
DK0060715977 
SE0013926367 
DK0061419355 
SE0014819736 
FI4000401575 
DK0060716272 
SE0013926359 
FI4000463120 
DK0061345139 
FI4000401567 
DK0060714574 
SE0013926342 
DK0061420015 
SE0014819884 
FI4000401559 
DK0060714814 
FI4000425095 
NO0010910987 
SE0014819652 
FI4000401534 
DK0060715381 
FI4000425103 
SE0015225883 
SE0014819553 
FI4000401526 
SE0008013247 
FI4000425087 
FI4000463062 
SE0014819769 
FI4000401344 
SE0008131452 
SE0013926862 
FI4000463096 
SE0014819801 
FI4000401336 
SE0008131460 
SE0013926854 
SE0015225941 
SE0014819595 
FI4000401401 
SE0008131478 
DK0061176005 
NO0010910938 
SE0014819843 
SE0013530086 
SE0008131494 
DK0061175973 
DK0061419439 
SE0014819926 
SE0013530078 
SE0008401186 
DK0061175890 
FI4000463112 
FI4000443700 
SE0013915758 
FI4000205000 
DK0061175700 
DK0061420288 
FI4000443999 
SE0013915741 
FI4000205042 
NO0010881204 
NO0010910995 
FI4000443957 
SE0013915766 
FI4000205091 
NO0010881196 
FI4000463088 
FI4000443668 
SE0013915782 
SE0008403455 
NO0010881188 
SE0015225933 
FI4000443916 
SE0013915774 
SE0008403547 
DK0061175387 
SE0015225875 
FI4000443627 
SE0013915790 
SE0008403505 
DK0061175114 
NO0010910953 
FI4000443445 
SE0013915824 
SE0008403588 
DK0061175031 
SE0015225925 
FI4000444112 
SE0013915816 
SE0008403661 
DK0061174737 
FI4000463104 
FI4000445408 
SE0013915832 
FI4000205133 
DK0061174653 
SE0015225867 
FI4000444070 
SE0013915840 
FI4000205216 
DK0061174570 
DK0061419512 
FI4000443783 
SE0013915857 
SE0008650329 
DK0061174497 
FI4000463070 
FI4000445366 
SE0013915808 
SE0008654230 
DK0061174307 
FI4000463146 
FI4000444039 
SE0013915865 
SE0008654248 
DK0061174224 
FI4000463138 
FI4000443569 
FI4000417548 
SE0008654255 
DK0061174141 
NO0010911001 
FI4000444237 
FI4000417530 
SE0008654263 
SE0013926045 
NO0010908643 
FI4000443528 
FI4000417522 
SE0008654271 
SE0013926037 
NO0010910946 
FI4000444195 
FI4000417514 
NO0010770621 
SE0013926029 
DK0061419785 
FI4000443486 
FI4000417506 
NO0010770597 
SE0013925922 
SE0015225909 
FI4000444153 
FI4000417498 
NO0010770613 
SE0013925914 
DK0061420361 
FI4000443908 
FI4000417480 
NO0010770647 
SE0013925906 
FI4000456736 
FI4000443619 
FI4000417233 
SE0008735971 
SE0013925898 
FI4000456694 
FI4000443866 
FI4000417225 
FI4000215249 
SE0013925880 
FI4000456843 
FI4000443577 
FI4000417217 
FI4000215256 
SE0013925872 
FI4000456868 
FI4000443825 
FI4000417209 
SE0009158504 
SE0013925864 
FI4000456819 
FI4000444278 
FI4000417191 
NO0010777386 
FI4000438650 
FI4000456777 
FI4000444021 
FI4000417183 
NO0010777378 
FI4000438668 
FI4000456744 
FI4000445358 
FI4000417175 
NO0010777360 
FI4000438676 
FI4000456702 
FI4000443692 
FI4000417019 
NO0010777303 
FI4000438692 
FI4000456876 
FI4000443940 
FI4000417001 
FI4000215272 
FI4000438700 
FI4000456827 
FI4000443650 
SE0013933991

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
FI4000215298 
FI4000438718 
FI4000456785 
FI4000443437 
SE0013933983 
FI4000215314 
FI4000438726 
FI4000456884 
FI4000444104 
SE0013933975 
FI4000215306 
FI4000438734 
FI4000456710 
FI4000444062 
SE0013933967 
FI4000215322 
FI4000438742 
FI4000456678 
FI4000443775 
SE0013933959 
FI4000215330 
FI4000438759 
FI4000456835 
FI4000445390 
SE0013933942 
FI4000215355 
SE0013925351 
FI4000456793 
FI4000443551 
SE0013933934 
SE0009158744 
SE0013925344 
FI4000456751 
FI4000444229 
SE0013933926 
FI4000231030 
SE0013925336 
FI4000456728 
FI4000444187 
SE0013933918 
FI4000231055 
SE0013925302 
FI4000456686 
FI4000443510 
SE0013933900 
FI4000231063 
SE0013925328 
FI4000456850 
FI4000443478 
SE0013933892 
FI4000231071 
SE0013925310 
FI4000456801 
FI4000444146 
SE0013933678 
FI4000231089 
FI4000439112 
FI4000456769 
FI4000443890 
SE0013933660 
FI4000231097 
FI4000439120 
DK0061429826 
FI4000443601 
SE0013933652 
FI4000231105 
FI4000439138 
NO0010914849 
FI4000443858 
SE0013933645 
FI4000231113 
FI4000439161 
FI4000468210 
FI4000444302 
SE0013933637 
FI4000231121 
FI4000439153 
SE0015227905 
FI4000444260 
SE0013933629 
FI4000231154 
FI4000438999 
SE0015227913 
FI4000443817 
SE0013933611 
FI4000231147 
FI4000439005 
NO0010914831 
FI4000444013 
SE0013933603 
FI4000231139 
FI4000439013 
DK0061429743 
FI4000445341 
FI4000417977 
NO0010783251 
FI4000439047 
FI4000468228 
FI4000443684 
FI4000417969 
NO0010783277 
FI4000439054 
SE0015228515 
FI4000443932 
FI4000417951 
NO0010783152 
FI4000439062 
SE0009892599 
FI4000443643 
FI4000417944 
NO0010783285 
FI4000439070 
SE0009892730 
FI4000444138 
FI4000417936 
NO0010783129 
FI4000439104 
SE0009892748 
FI4000443460 
FI4000417894 
NO0010783202 
SE0013923430 
SE0009892870 
FI4000443429 
FI4000417886 
SE0009549736 
SE0013923448 
SE0009892888 
FI4000444096 
FI4000417878 
FI4000239595 
SE0013923422 
SE0009979024 
FI4000445382 
FI4000417860 
FI4000239603 
SE0013923414 
SE0009979008 
FI4000444054 
FI4000417852 
FI4000239611 
SE0013923406 
SE0009978992 
FI4000443767 
FI4000417845 
FI4000239629 
SE0013923398 
SE0009978984 
FI4000443544 
FI4000417837 
SE0009775257 
SE0013923356 
SE0009979032 
FI4000444211 
FI4000419650 
FI4000248562 
SE0013923380 
SE0009979057 
FI4000444179 
FI4000419643 
SE0009859366 
SE0013923372 
SE0009979040 
FI4000443502 
FI4000419635 
SE0009859374 
SE0013923331 
SE0009979016 
FI4000443882 
FI4000419627 
SE0009859382 
SE0013923364 
SE0009979503 
FI4000443593 
FI4000419619 
SE0009859416 
SE0013923323 
SE0009979545 
FI4000444294 
FI4000419601 
SE0009859390 
DK0061170156 
SE0009979552 
FI4000443841 
FI4000419593 
SE0009859432 
DK0061170073 
SE0009979586 
FI4000444252 
FI4000419585 
SE0009859440 
DK0061169737 
SE0009979628 
FI4000443809 
FI4000419577 
SE0009859465 
DK0061169653 
SE0009979636 
FI4000445333 
SE0013931482 
SE0009859457 
DK0061169570 
SE0009979644 
FI4000444005 
SE0013931474 
SE0009859424 
SE0013923349 
SE0009979669 
FI4000443676 
SE0013931466 
NO0010791833 
DK0061169307 
SE0009979750 
FI4000443635 
SE0013931441 
NO0010791817 
DK0061169810 
SE0009979792 
FI4000443924 
SE0013931433 
SE0009860711 
DK0061169141 
SE0009979875 
FI4000444120 
SE0013931243 
SE0009860729 
DK0061169067 
SE0009979917 
FI4000443452 
SE0013931250

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
SE0009861032 
DK0061168846 
SE0009979925 
FI4000443411 
SE0013931235 
SE0009861040 
DK0061168929 
SE0009979958 
FI4000444088 
SE0013931227 
SE0009860794 
DK0061169224 
SE0009979966 
FI4000443759 
SE0013931219 
SE0009860802 
DK0061169497 
SE0009979990 
FI4000445374 
SE0013931151 
SE0009860877 
FI4000439344 
SE0009980006 
FI4000444047 
SE0013931144 
SE0009860885 
DK0061168762 
SE0009980030 
FI4000443791 
SE0013931136 
FI4000252465 
FI4000439351 
SE0009980154 
FI4000444245 
SE0013931128 
FI4000252473 
FI4000439369 
SE0009980162 
FI4000444203 
SE0013931110 
FI4000252564 
FI4000439377 
SE0009980238 
FI4000443536 
SE0013931078 
FI4000252572 
FI4000439393 
SE0009980279 
FI4000443494 
SE0013931060 
FI4000252721 
FI4000439401 
SE0009980311 
FI4000444161 
SE0013931052 
FI4000252739 
FI4000439419 
SE0009980352 
FI4000443585 
SE0013931045 
FI4000252820 
FI4000439427 
SE0009980436 
FI4000443874 
SE0013931037 
FI4000252838 
FI4000437439 
SE0009980477 
FI4000443833 
FI4000419247 
DK0060827426 
FI4000437447 
SE0009980485 
FI4000444286 
FI4000419239 
DK0060827509 
FI4000437454 
SE0009980493 
SE0014821864 
FI4000419221 
DK0060827939 
NO0010882202 
SE0009980501 
SE0014822987 
FI4000419213 
DK0060828077 
NO0010882160 
SE0009980550 
SE0014820510 
FI4000419205 
DK0060828580 
NO0010882178 
SE0009980592 
SE0014822201 
FI4000419197 
DK0060828663 
NO0010882129 
SE0009980741 
SE0014820965 
FI4000419189 
DK0060829042 
NO0010882186 
SE0009980758 
FI4000442470 
FI4000419171 
DK0060829125 
NO0010882152 
SE0009980832 
FI4000442926 
FI4000419163 
NO0010791973 
NO0010882053 
SE0009980840 
SE0014823027 
FI4000419155 
NO0010791924 
NO0010882103 
SE0009980865 
SE0014822573 
FI4000419148 
NO0010792179 
NO0010882111 
SE0009980873 
SE0014821005 
FI4000419130 
NO0010792062 
NO0010882087 
SE0009981012 
SE0014821906 
FI4000419122 
NO0010791999 
NO0010882137 
SE0009981046 
SE0014821450 
FI4000419114 
NO0010792195 
SE0013919222 
SE0009981053 
FI4000442967 
FI4000419106 
DK0060829554 
SE0013919180 
SE0009981061 
FI4000442512 
FI4000419098 
DK0060829638 
FI4000437801 
SE0009981137 
SE0014820551 
FI4000419080 
DK0060830131 
FI4000437611 
SE0009981160 
SE0014822243 
FI4000419072 
DK0060830214 
FI4000437652 
SE0009981194 
SE0014821948 
FI4000419064 
FI4000248596 
DK0061167012 
SE0009981285 
SE0014821492 
FI4000419056 
FI4000252655 
DK0061166550 
SE0009981343 
SE0014822615 
FI4000418900 
FI4000248604 
NO0010882574 
SE0009981350 
SE0014820130 
FI4000418892 
SE0009860638 
NO0010882566 
SE0009981368 
FI4000443007 
FI4000418884 
FI4000252648 
DK0061166394 
SE0009981962 
SE0014821047 
FI4000418876 
SE0009860646 
DK0061166204 
SE0009981996 
SE0014820593 
FI4000420682 
SE0009860968 
NO0010883200 
SE0009981988 
FI4000442553 
FI4000420674 
SE0009860950 
NO0010882996 
SE0009981970 
SE0014821740 
FI4000420666 
NO0010792104 
NO0010883218 
SE0009982242 
SE0014822417 
FI4000420658 
NO0010792021 
NO0010883168 
SE0009982895 
SE0014821294 
FI4000420641 
NO0010792203 
NO0010883069 
SE0009983018 
SE0014820841 
FI4000420633 
NO0010792245 
NO0010883226 
SE0009983083 
FI4000442801 
FI4000420625 
NO0010792187 
NO0010883002 
SE0009983091 
SE0014822904 
FI4000420617 
NO0010792260 
NO0010883010 
SE0009983166 
SE0014820882 
FI4000420609

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
NO0010792112 
NO0010883051 
SE0009983240 
SE0014820437 
FI4000420591 
FI4000254008 
SE0013917358 
SE0009983257 
SE0014821781 
FI4000420583 
FI4000254024 
SE0013917242 
SE0009983265 
SE0014821336 
FI4000420575 
FI4000254032 
FI4000435458 
SE0009983273 
FI4000442843 
FI4000420567 
FI4000254073 
SE0014433108 
SE0009983281 
FI4000444393 
FI4000420500 
FI4000255104 
SE0014433116 
SE0009983299 
SE0014822128 
FI4000420492 
FI4000253927 
SE0014433041 
SE0009983307 
SE0014822946 
FI4000420484 
FI4000254016 
SE0014433090 
SE0009983323 
SE0014821377 
FI4000420476 
FI4000253935 
FI4000435441 
SE0009983364 
SE0014822490 
FI4000420468 
FI4000253075 
FI4000435466 
SE0009983372 
SE0014821823 
SE0013930963 
FI4000252903 
FI4000435433 
SE0009983380 
SE0014822169 
SE0013930955 
FI4000253992 
NO0010884208 
SE0009983406 
FI4000442884 
SE0013930948 
FI4000254164 
NO0010884240 
SE0009983414 
SE0014820924 
SE0013930930 
FI4000252937 
NO0010884216 
SE0009983422 
SE0014820478 
SE0013930922 
FI4000252945 
NO0010884232 
SE0009983430 
FI4000442439 
FI4000419841 
SE0009861339 
SE0014436143 
SE0009982739 
FI4000442686 
FI4000419833 
FI4000252952 
SE0014436150 
SE0010131029 
SE0014822334 
FI4000421821 
FI4000254040 
SE0014436267 
SE0010131078 
SE0014822789 
FI4000421813 
FI4000254131 
SE0014436226 
SE0010131094 
SE0014821211 
FI4000421805 
FI4000254057 
SE0014436184 
SE0010131102 
FI4000442728 
FI4000421797 
FI4000254156 
SE0014436200 
SE0010131110 
SE0014822821 
FI4000421789 
FI4000253141 
SE0014436283 
SE0010131128 
SE0014821252 
FI4000421771 
FI4000252929 
SE0014436291 
FI4000255534 
SE0014820809 
FI4000421763 
FI4000253083 
SE0014436309 
FI4000255674 
SE0014822375 
FI4000421755 
FI4000254172 
SE0014436317 
FI4000255682 
SE0014821708 
FI4000421748 
FI4000253091 
SE0014436192 
FI4000255815 
FI4000442769 
FI4000421722 
SE0009861404 
SE0014436275 
FI4000255823 
SE0014821997 
FI4000421730 
FI4000253109 
SE0014436341 
FI4000255831 
SE0014821542 
FI4000421714 
SE0009861412 
FI4000435748 
FI4000255955 
SE0014822664 
FI4000421706 
FI4000253117 
FI4000435862 
FI4000256375 
SE0014820643 
FI4000421698 
FI4000252887 
FI4000435755 
FI4000256383 
SE0014821096 
FI4000421508 
FI4000253125 
FI4000435870 
FI4000256391 
FI4000442603 
FI4000421490 
FI4000252895 
FI4000435821 
FI4000256409 
SE0014821138 
FI4000421482 
FI4000253133 
FI4000435888 
FI4000256417 
SE0014822037 
FI4000421474 
FI4000253067 
FI4000435896 
FI4000256425 
FI4000442645 
FI4000421441 
FI4000254149 
FI4000435789 
FI4000256433 
SE0014820239 
FI4000421433 
FI4000252911 
FI4000435904 
FI4000256524 
SE0014821625 
FI4000421425 
FI4000254065 
FI4000435912 
FI4000266135 
SE0014821179 
FI4000421649 
SE0009861461 
FI4000435805 
FI4000266416 
SE0014822748 
FI4000421631 
SE0009861651 
FI4000436035 
FI4000266432 
SE0014822292 
FI4000421623 
SE0009861545 
FI4000435946 
FI4000266424 
SE0014820726 
FI4000421615 
SE0009861347 
FI4000436043 
FI4000266440 
SE0014820502 
FI4000421300 
SE0009861552 
FI4000435961 
SE0010134718 
SE0014821401 
FI4000421268 
SE0009892516 
DK0061165156 
SE0010134684 
FI4000442462 
FI4000421250 
FI4000253042 
FI4000435797 
SE0010134726 
SE0014822193 
FI4000421243 
FI4000253059 
DK0061165073 
SE0010134742 
FI4000442918 
FI4000421227

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
SE0009859515 
FI4000435987 
SE0010134734 
SE0014823019 
FI4000424395 
SE0009861610 
FI4000435953 
DK0060854826 
SE0014820999 
FI4000424387 
SE0009859523 
DK0061164696 
DK0060858066 
SE0014822565 
FI4000424379 
SE0009861628 
FI4000436027 
DK0060859544 
FI4000442959 
FI4000424361 
SE0009861420 
DK0061163532 
DK0060858140 
SE0014820544 
FI4000424353 
SE0009861438 
DK0061163458 
DK0060856441 
SE0014822235 
FI4000424338 
SE0009861644 
DK0061164340 
DK0060856524 
FI4000442504 
FI4000424346 
SE0009861446 
FI4000436050 
DK0060864700 
SE0014821930 
FI4000424320 
SE0009859507 
DK0061163292 
DK0060857928 
SE0014821484 
FI4000424312 
SE0009861453 
DK0061164506 
DK0060864460 
SE0014822607 
FI4000424254 
SE0009861669 
DK0061163888 
DK0060864544 
SE0014820585 
FI4000424247 
SE0009859853 
DK0061162997 
DK0060864627 
SE0014821039 
FI4000424239 
SE0009859861 
DK0061162724 
DK0060879658 
FI4000442991 
FI4000424221 
SE0009859473 
DK0061162054 
DK0060864114 
FI4000442546 
FI4000424213 
SE0009859879 
DK0061162567 
DK0060864387 
SE0014822896 
FI4000424205 
SE0009861636 
DK0061163615 
SE0010134882 
SE0014821328 
FI4000424114 
SE0009859564 
DK0061161759 
SE0010135004 
SE0014820874 
FI4000424072 
SE0009860000 
DK0061163375 
SE0010135145 
SE0014821773 
FI4000424064 
SE0009859911 
DK0061162807 
SE0010135160 
FI4000442835 
FI4000424007 
SE0009860018 
DK0061161916 
DK0060869501 
FI4000444385 
FI4000424080 
SE0009859929 
DK0061161833 
DK0060870277 
SE0014820429 
FI4000424023 
SE0009859937 
DK0061164779 
DK0060870350 
SE0014821815 
FI4000424015 
SE0009859549 
SE0014436648 
DK0060871242 
SE0014821369 
FI4000424056 
SE0009859481 
SE0014436655 
DK0060871325 
SE0014822938 
FI4000424049 
SE0009859556 
SE0014436663 
DK0060882876 
SE0014822482 
FI4000424031 
SE0009859499 
SE0014436671 
DK0060882959 
SE0014822151 
FI4000423975 
SE0009859903 
SE0014436689 
DK0060883098 
SE0014820916 
FI4000423967 
SE0009859960 
SE0014436697 
DK0060883684 
SE0014820460 
FI4000423876 
SE0009859994 
DK0061161676 
SE0010140236 
FI4000442876 
FI4000423983 
SE0009859887 
DK0061161593 
SE0010140244 
FI4000442421 
FI4000424106 
SE0009859895 
DK0061161403 
SE0010140251 
SE0014822524 
FI4000425822 
SE0009860026 
DK0061161320 
SE0010140517 
SE0014821856 
FI4000424098 
SE0009860034 
FI4000436092 
SE0010140509 
SE0014822771 
FI4000425806 
SE0009860042 
DK0061160942 
SE0010140574 
SE0014821203 
FI4000423868 
SE0009859945 
FI4000436076 
SE0010140806 
FI4000442710 
FI4000423991 
SE0009859952 
FI4000436084 
SE0010140814 
SE0014820304 
FI4000423843 
SE0009859572 
FI4000436068 
SE0010140939 
SE0014821245 
FI4000423900 
SE0009859580 
DK0061161080 
SE0010141044 
SE0014822367 
FI4000425731 
SE0009859598 
FI4000436100 
SE0010141051 
SE0014822813 
FI4000425665 
SE0009859606 
FI4000436118 
SE0010141069 
FI4000442751 
FI4000425715 
SE0009859614 
NO0010884265 
SE0010141077 
SE0014820791 
FI4000425707 
SE0009859622 
NO0010884257 
SE0010141119 
SE0014820346 
FI4000425749 
SE0009859630 
NO0010884281 
DK0060895423 
SE0014822409 
FI4000425483 
SE0009859648 
NO0010884273 
DK0060895852 
SE0014821732 
FI4000425723 
SE0009860059 
SE0014449542 
SE0010350801 
SE0014822854 
FI4000425699 
SE0009860067 
SE0014449534 
SE0010350876 
SE0014820833 
FI4000425681

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
SE0009860075 
SE0014449567 
SE0010351015 
SE0014822078 
FI4000423835 
SE0009860083 
DK0061159936 
SE0010351007 
FI4000442793 
FI4000425582 
SE0009860091 
DK0061159852 
SE0010350991 
SE0014822656 
FI4000425814 
SE0009860109 
DK0061159779 
SE0010351064 
SE0014821989 
FI4000423884 
SE0009860117 
SE0014449526 
SE0010351072 
SE0014820635 
FI4000425541 
SE0009860125 
DK0061159696 
SE0010351262 
SE0014821088 
FI4000425533 
SE0009860133 
SE0014449518 
SE0010351346 
FI4000442595 
FI4000423850 
SE0009860141 
DK0061159506 
SE0010351460 
SE0014820171 
FI4000425517 
SE0009860158 
SE0014449500 
SE0010354589 
SE0014822698 
FI4000425509 
SE0009860166 
DK0061159423 
SE0010354613 
SE0014821575 
FI4000425467 
SE0009860174 
SE0014449492 
SE0010354621 
SE0014821120 
FI4000425459 
SE0009860182 
DK0061159266 
SE0010629121 
SE0014822029 
FI4000425442 
SE0009860190 
SE0014449559 
SE0010629576 
FI4000442637 
FI4000425673 
SE0009860208 
FI4000436126 
SE0010629717 
SE0014821617 
FI4000425293 
SE0009859655 
FI4000436134 
SE0010629808 
SE0014822730 
FI4000425426 
SE0009859663 
FI4000436142 
SE0010629824 
SE0014821161 
FI4000425574 
SE0009859671 
FI4000436159 
SE0010629865 
SE0014820718 
FI4000425277 
SE0009859689 
DK0061159340 
SE0010630145 
FI4000442678 
FI4000425335 
SE0009859697 
FI4000436175 
SE0010630137 
SE0014823001 
FI4000425566 
SE0009859705 
FI4000436183 
SE0010630178 
SE0014821435 
FI4000425558 
SE0009859721 
FI4000436191 
DK0060920635 
SE0014822557 
FI4000425301 
SE0009859739 
FI4000436167 
DK0060920718 
SE0014821880 
FI4000425525 
SE0009859747 
SE0014448320 
DK0060924116 
FI4000442942 
FI4000425434 
SE0009859754 
SE0014448346 
FI4000295332 
SE0014820536 
FI4000425269 
SE0009860216 
DK0061158102 
FI4000295340 
FI4000442496 
FI4000425251 
SE0009860224 
DK0061158458 
FI4000295357 
SE0014822599 
FI4000425475 
SE0009860232 
SE0014448312 
SE0010630376 
SE0014821922 
FI4000425285 
SE0009860240 
FI4000434477 
FI4000295498 
SE0014820577 
FI4000425244 
SE0009860257 
FI4000434493 
FI4000295506 
SE0014821476 
FI4000425327 
SE0009860265 
FI4000434501 
SE0010630509 
SE0014821021 
FI4000425319 
SE0009860273 
FI4000434527 
FI4000295795 
FI4000442538 
SE0013927134 
SE0009860281 
FI4000434543 
SE0010630863 
FI4000442983 
SE0013927126 
SE0009860299 
SE0014448387 
DK0060925949 
SE0014822631 
SE0013927118 
SE0009860307 
DK0061159183 
DK0060927135 
SE0014821062 
SE0013927100 
SE0009860315 
DK0061158961 
DK0060927218 
SE0014821963 
SE0013927076 
SE0009860323 
SE0014448361 
DK0060928539 
SE0014821518 
SE0013927068 
SE0009860364 
DK0061158888 
DK0060928612 
SE0014822888 
SE0013927050 
SE0009860372 
DK0061158615 
DK0060930949 
SE0014821310 
SE0013927043 
SE0009860380 
DK0061158029 
SE0010821785 
SE0014822433 
SE0013926946 
SE0009860414 
DK0061158532 
SE0010821710 
SE0014821765 
SE0013926938 
SE0009860398 
SE0014448338 
SE0010821678 
SE0014822102 
FI4000438916 
SE0009860356 
DK0061157807 
SE0010821827 
FI4000442827 
FI4000439302 
SE0009860406 
DK0061158375 
SE0010821884 
SE0014820866 
FI4000439294 
SE0009860422 
DK0061157724 
SE0010821819 
SE0014820411 
SE0013923141 
SE0009859770 
DK0061158292 
SE0010821744 
FI4000444377 
SE0013923125 
SE0009859762 
DK0061157641 
SE0010821959 
SE0014821807 
SE0013923117

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
SE0009859788 
FI4000434485 
SE0010825018 
SE0014822920 
SE0013923109 
SE0009859796 
DK0061157484 
DK0060932218 
SE0014820452 
FI4000437553 
SE0009859804 
FI4000434519 
DK0060932564 
SE0014822144 
FI4000437561 
SE0009859812 
FI4000434535 
DK0060932804 
SE0014821351 
SE0013923133 
SE0009859820 
SE0014448379 
DK0060934180 
SE0014820908 
FI4000437835 
SE0009859838 
DK0061157997 
DK0060934263 
FI4000442868 
FI4000437918 
SE0009859846 
DK0061157567 
DK0060934347 
FI4000442413 
FI4000437900 
SE0009860430 
SE0014448353 
FI4000305065 
SE0014822516 
FI4000437843 
SE0009860448 
NO0010884299 
FI4000305073 
SE0014820940 
FI4000437884 
SE0009860455 
NO0010884331 
FI4000305081 
SE0014820494 
SE0013918125 
SE0009860463 
NO0010884349 
DK0060937795 
SE0014821849 
SE0013918117 
SE0009860471 
SE0014448296 
DK0060937878 
FI4000442900 
SE0013918109 
SE0009860489 
FI4000434550 
DK0060937951 
FI4000442454 
SE0013918091 
SE0009860497 
SE0014437000 
SE0010829119 
SE0014822185 
SE0013918083 
SE0009860505 
FI4000434717 
SE0010829515 
SE0014822763 
SE0013918075 
SE0009860513 
SE0014437570 
SE0010829093 
SE0014821195 
SE0013918067 
SE0009860521 
SE0014437588 
SE0010829101 
SE0014821641 
SE0013918059 
SE0009860539 
FI4000434766 
SE0010978064 
FI4000442702 
FI4000436431 
SE0009860547 
NO0010888795 
SE0010978072 
SE0014822359 
FI4000436449 
SE0009860554 
FI4000434774 
SE0010978163 
SE0014821237 
FI4000436456 
SE0009860562 
DK0061156833 
SE0010978304 
FI4000442744 
FI4000436464 
SE0009860570 
DK0061156916 
SE0010978312 
SE0014822847 
SE0013918026 
SE0009860588 
SE0014439154 
SE0010978320 
SE0014822391 
SE0013918018 
SE0009860596 
SE0014439261 
SE0010978536 
SE0014820825 
FI4000436480 
SE0009860604 
SE0014439279 
SE0010978544 
SE0014821724 
FI4000436498 
FI4000252960 
SE0014439287 
SE0010978296 
SE0014821278 
FI4000436514 
FI4000252978 
SE0014439303 
SE0010978684 
FI4000442785 
FI4000436522 
FI4000253000 
SE0014439311 
SE0010978692 
SE0014822060 
SE0013917341 
FI4000253018 
SE0014439329 
SE0010979104 
SE0014821070 
SE0013917333 
FI4000253026 
SE0014439337 
SE0010979112 
SE0014821971 
SE0013917325 
FI4000253034 
SE0014439345 
SE0010979120 
SE0014821526 
SE0013917291 
FI4000253166 
FI4000433628 
SE0010979138 
FI4000442587 
FI4000436613 
FI4000253174 
FI4000433727 
SE0010979807 
SE0014820163 
FI4000436662 
FI4000253182 
FI4000433735 
SE0010979823 
SE0014821567 
SE0013917283 
FI4000253232 
FI4000433743 
SE0010980201 
SE0014822680 
FI4000436704 
FI4000253224 
FI4000433768 
SE0010980086 
SE0014820668 
FI4000436605 
FI4000253240 
FI4000433776 
SE0010980219 
FI4000442629 
FI4000436621 
FI4000253257 
FI4000433784 
SE0010980193 
SE0014822722 
FI4000436696 
FI4000253265 
FI4000433792 
SE0010980060 
SE0014820700 
FI4000436670 
FI4000253273 
DK0061157054 
SE0010980078 
SE0014821609 
FI4000436779 
FI4000253281 
DK0061157138 
SE0010980227 
SE0014821153 
FI4000436795 
FI4000253299 
DK0061160199 
SE0010980243 
FI4000442660 
FI4000436761 
FI4000253323 
NO0010888852 
SE0010980540 
SE0014821872 
FI4000437082 
FI4000253331 
SE0014439550 
SE0010980235 
SE0014821427 
FI4000437108 
FI4000253422 
FI4000433099 
SE0010980607 
SE0014822995 
FI4000437116 
FI4000253430 
DK0061160439 
SE0010980599 
SE0014820528 
FI4000437124

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
FI4000253448 
SE0014447280 
SE0010980581 
SE0014822219 
FI4000437223 
FI4000253489 
SE0014447272 
SE0010982132 
FI4000442934 
SE0014433140 
FI4000253497 
SE0014447249 
SE0010982140 
FI4000442488 
FI4000435656 
FI4000253505 
SE0014447231 
SE0010982512 
SE0014822581 
FI4000435664 
FI4000253364 
SE0014447223 
DK0060993780 
SE0014823035 
FI4000435672 
FI4000253372 
SE0014447215 
DK0060994671 
SE0014821013 
FI4000435680 
FI4000253380 
SE0014447207 
DK0060994838 
SE0014820569 
FI4000435698 
FI4000253398 
SE0014447199 
DK0060994754 
SE0014821914 
SE0014433496 
FI4000253547 
SE0014447090 
DK0060995728 
SE0014821468 
SE0014433504 
FI4000253554 
SE0014447108 
DK0060995645 
FI4000442520 
SE0014433512 
FI4000253562 
SE0014447082 
SE0010982637 
SE0014822250 
SE0014435533 
FI4000253570 
SE0014447074 
SE0010982652 
FI4000442975 
SE0014435541 
FI4000253588 
SE0014447066 
SE0010982777 
SE0014821500 
SE0014435558 
FI4000253596 
SE0014447058 
SE0010982868 
SE0014821054 
SE0014435566 
DK0060841765 
SE0014447041 
SE0010982876 
SE0014822623 
SE0014435574 
DK0060841849 
SE0014447033 
SE0010982926 
SE0014821955 
FI4000436266 
DK0060848349 
SE0014447025 
SE0010982942 
SE0014820148 
FI4000436340 
DK0060842490 
SE0014447017 
SE0010983114 
FI4000442561 
FI4000436357 
DK0060842573 
SE0014447009 
SE0010983122 
SE0014821757 
FI4000436381 
DK0060842656 
SE0014446993 
SE0010983155 
SE0014821302 
FI4000436399 
DK0060842730 
SE0014446985 
SE0010983163 
SE0014822425 
FI4000434626 
DK0060842813 
SE0014446977 
SE0010983171 
FI4000442819 
FI4000434634 
DK0060843035 
SE0014446969 
SE0010983320 
FI4000444369 
SE0014436713 
DK0060843118 
SE0014446951 
SE0010983486 
SE0014821799 
SE0014436705 
DK0060843381 
SE0014446944 
SE0010983494 
SE0014822912 
FI4000434725 
DK0060843464 
SE0014446936 
SE0010983502 
SE0014820890 
FI4000434733 
DK0060844009 
SE0014446928 
SE0011169309 
SE0014820445 
FI4000433446 
DK0060844199 
SE0014446910 
SE0011169317 
SE0014821344 
FI4000433537 
DK0060844272 
NO0010888860 
SE0011170356 
FI4000444401 
FI4000433545 
DK0060844355 
FI4000433107 
NO0010828403 
SE0014822136 
FI4000433552 
DK0060844439 
FI4000433115 
NO0010828478 
FI4000442850 
FI4000433560 
DK0060844512 
FI4000433149 
NO0010828494 
SE0014821385 
FI4000433578 
DK0060833150 
FI4000433156 
NO0010828502 
SE0014820932 
FI4000433586 
DK0060833234 
FI4000433164 
NO0010828486 
SE0014822508 
FI4000433594 
DK0060833317 
FI4000433172 
NO0010828593 
FI4000442892 
FI4000433602 
DK0060833580 
FI4000433180 
NO0010828601 
SE0014821831 
FI4000433610 
DK0060833663 
FI4000433198 
NO0010828635 
SE0014820486 
FI4000433941 
DK0060833747 
DK0061296415 
NO0010828643 
SE0014822177 
FI4000434287 
DK0060833820 
DK0061296688 
NO0010828650 
FI4000442447 
FI4000434295 
DK0060833903 
DK0061296928 
NO0010828817 
SE0014822755 
FI4000434337 
DK0060834042 
DK0061297066 
NO0010828932 
SE0014821187 
FI4000434303 
DK0060834125 
DK0061297140 
NO0010828957 
SE0014821633 
FI4000434311 
DK0060834208 
DK0061297223 
NO0010828965 
FI4000442694 
FI4000434329 
DK0060834398 
DK0061297306 
NO0010828973 
SE0014820734 
FI4000433925 
DK0060834471 
DK0061297496 
NO0010828981 
SE0014822342 
FI4000433933 
DK0060834554 
FI4000431697 
NO0010828999 
SE0014820320 
FI4000434212

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
DK0060834638 
FI4000431705 
NO0010829039 
SE0014821229 
FI4000433958 
DK0060834711 
FI4000431713 
NO0010829054 
FI4000442736 
FI4000434204 
SE0009861099 
FI4000431721 
NO0010829146 
SE0014822383 
FI4000433297 
SE0009861107 
FI4000431739 
NO0010828924 
SE0014822839 
FI4000433305 
SE0009861115 
FI4000431770 
NO0010829187 
SE0014821260 
SE0014440475 
SE0009861123 
FI4000431788 
NO0010829153 
SE0014820817 
SE0014440483 
SE0009861131 
FI4000431796 
NO0010829179 
SE0014821716 
SE0014444931 
SE0009861149 
FI4000431747 
NO0010829047 
FI4000442777 
SE0014444949 
SE0009861156 
DK0061297736 
NO0010829328 
SE0014822052 
SE0014444956 
SE0009861164 
FI4000431754 
NO0010829344 
FI4000442579 
SE0014444964 
SE0009861180 
FI4000431762 
NO0010829203 
SE0014820619 
SE0014444972 
SE0009861172 
DK0061297652 
NO0010829211 
SE0014820155 
SE0014444980 
SE0009861198 
DK0061297819 
NO0010829062 
SE0014821559 
SE0014444998 
SE0009861206 
DK0061297579 
NO0010829161 
SE0014822672 
SE0014445003 
SE0009861834 
DK0061298031 
NO0010829195 
SE0014821104 
SE0014445011 
SE0009861214 
DK0061299781 
NO0010829484 
FI4000442611 
SE0014445029 
SE0009861222 
DK0061299948 
NO0010829450 
SE0014822045 
FI4000430947 
SE0009861230 
DK0061300035 
NO0010829476 
SE0014821146 
FI4000430954 
SE0009861248 
DK0061300118 
DK0061019171 
FI4000442652 
FI4000430962 
SE0009861289 
DK0061300464 
DK0061020427 
SE0014824983 
FI4000430913 
SE0009861271 
DK0061300548 
SE0011417948 
SE0014824991 
FI4000430970 
SE0009861297 
DK0061300621 
SE0011418110 
SE0014824850 
FI4000430988 
SE0009861305 
DK0061300704 
SE0011418128 
SE0014825030 
FI4000430905 
FI4000253612 
DK0061300894 
DK0061022985 
SE0014824892 
FI4000431085 
FI4000253604 
DK0061301009 
SE0011419746 
SE0014825121 
FI4000431093 
FI4000253620 
DK0061300977 
SE0011419753 
SE0014825071 
FI4000430921 
FI4000253638 
DK0061301199 
SE0011419761 
SE0014825311 
FI4000431135 
FI4000253646 
DK0061301272 
SE0011421783 
SE0014824975 
FI4000431143 
FI4000253695 
DK0061301355 
SE0011421791 
SE0014825022 
FI4000431150 
FI4000253703 
DK0061298387 
SE0011421809 
SE0014824884 
FI4000431168 
FI4000253653 
DK0061298460 
SE0011421817 
SE0014825063 
FI4000431127 
FI4000253729 
DK0061298544 
SE0011421767 
SE0014824926 
FI4000430939 
FI4000253786 
DK0061298627 
SE0011421775 
SE0014825113 
SE0014809893 
FI4000253711 
DK0061298700 
DK0060900520 
SE0014825154 
FI4000431101 
FI4000253737 
DK0061298890 
DK0060903383 
SE0014824876 
FI4000431176 
FI4000253745 
DK0061299005 
DK0060903466 
SE0014825014 
FI4000431119 
FI4000253844 
DK0061298973 
DK0060903540 
SE0014825055 
FI4000431408 
FI4000253760 
DK0061299195 
DK0060903623 
SE0014824918 
FI4000429527 
FI4000253778 
DK0061299278 
DK0060956589 
SE0014825006 
FI4000429535 
FI4000253794 
DK0061299435 
DK0060956662 
SE0014824868 
FI4000429550 
FI4000253687 
DK0061299351 
DK0060956746 
SE0014824900 
FI4000429568 
FI4000253851 
DK0061299518 
DK0060956829 
SE0014825048 
FI4000429519 
FI4000253869 
SE0014440665 
DK0060957470 
SE0014825139 
FI4000429592 
SE0009860612 
SE0014440673 
DK0060957553 
SE0014826426 
FI4000429543 
SE0009860620 
SE0014440681 
SE0011422682 
SE0014826871 
FI4000429600 
SE0009979206 
SE0014440699 
SE0011422724 
SE0014825899 
FI4000429584

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
SE0009979214 
SE0014440707 
SE0011422732 
SE0014826798 
FI4000429576 
SE0009860695 
SE0014440715 
SE0011422898 
SE0014826384 
SE0014813978 
SE0009860703 
SE0014440756 
SE0011422997 
SE0014826830 
SE0014813986 
SE0009979255 
SE0014440749 
SE0011423003 
SE0014825857 
SE0014813994 
SE0009979263 
SE0014440731 
SE0011423011 
SE0014826756 
SE0014814000 
SE0009860737 
SE0014440764 
SE0011423060 
SE0014826269 
SE0014814018 
SE0009860935 
SE0014440723 
SE0011423078 
SE0014826178 
SE0014814026 
SE0009860943 
SE0014440772 
SE0011423268 
SE0014826665 
FI4000446414 
SE0009979305 
SE0014440780 
SE0011424035 
SE0014826137 
FI4000446422 
SE0009979313 
SE0014440798 
SE0011424043 
SE0014826582 
FI4000445846 
SE0009860976 
SE0014440806 
SE0011424050 
SE0014827036 
FI4000445838 
SE0009861016 
SE0014440814 
SE0011424068 
SE0014826624 
FI4000446182 
SE0009861024 
SE0014440822 
SE0011424076 
SE0014827077 
FI4000446141 
SE0009979354 
SE0014440830 
SE0011424084 
SE0014826095 
FI4000446216 
SE0009979362 
SE0014440848 
SE0011424092 
SE0014826541 
FI4000446174 
SE0009861057 
SE0014440855 
SE0011424423 
SE0014826996 
FI4000446133 
NO0010794027 
SE0014440863 
SE0011424555 
SE0014826012 
FI4000446208 
NO0010793979 
SE0014440871 
SE0011424563 
SE0014826467 
FI4000446166 
NO0010794142 
SE0014440889 
SE0011424571 
SE0014826954 
FI4000446190 
NO0010793912 
SE0014440897 
SE0011424696 
SE0014826053 
FI4000446158 
NO0010792708 
SE0014440905 
SE0011425230 
SE0014826434 
FI4000444872 
NO0010792682 
SE0014440913 
SE0011425339 
SE0014826889 
FI4000444864 
NO0010794019 
SE0014440921 
SE0011425636 
SE0014825980 
SE0014819330 
NO0010794118 
SE0014440939 
SE0011425628 
SE0014826806 
SE0014819371 
NO0010793987 
SE0014440947 
SE0011425735 
SE0014826392 
SE0014819413 
NO0010793961 
SE0014440954 
SE0011752138 
SE0014826848 
FI4000444906 
NO0010793896 
SE0014440962 
SE0011752146 
SE0014826764 
SE0014819173 
NO0010794159 
SE0014440970 
SE0011752153 
SE0014825865 
SE0014819298 
NO0010792724 
SE0014440988 
SE0011752112 
SE0014825782 
SE0014819215 
NO0010793995 
SE0014440996 
SE0011425727 
SE0014826236 
SE0014819363 
NO0010792609 
SE0014441002 
SE0011752310 
SE0014826681 
SE0014819405 
NO0010792732 
SE0014441010 
SE0011752435 
SE0014825824 
SE0014819280 
NO0010794043 
SE0014441028 
DK0060961829 
SE0014826277 
SE0014819322 
NO0010792666 
SE0014441036 
DK0060961902 
SE0014826723 
SE0014819207 
NO0010794134 
SE0014441044 
DK0060962041 
SE0014826186 
SE0014819165 
NO0010794001 
DK0061306073 
DK0060962637 
SE0014826632 
FI4000445184 
NO0010792716 
DK0061306156 
DK0060962710 
SE0014827085 
SE0014819355 
NO0010794035 
DK0061306230 
DK0060963874 
SE0014825774 
SE0014819397 
NO0010793904 
DK0061306313 
DK0060963957 
SE0014826228 
FI4000445168 
NO0010792757 
DK0061306586 
DK0060964096 
SE0014826673 
SE0014819272 
NO0010792617 
SE0014441101 
DK0060964179 
SE0014826145 
SE0014819314 
NO0010792690 
SE0014441119 
DK0060964419 
SE0014826590 
SE0014819157 
NO0010792641 
SE0014441127 
DK0060965499 
SE0014827044 
SE0014819348 
NO0010792740 
SE0014441135 
NO0010836661 
SE0014826061 
SE0014819389 
FI4000248570 
SE0014441143 
NO0010836679 
SE0014826962 
FI4000444914 
FI4000248588 
SE0014441150 
NO0010836711 
SE0014827002 
SE0014819421

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
FI4000255187 
SE0014441168 
NO0010836729 
SE0014826103 
SE0014819181 
FI4000255195 
SE0014441176 
SE0011759885 
SE0014826558 
SE0014819306 
FI4000252440 
SE0014441184 
DK0060972198 
SE0014826020 
SE0014819223 
FI4000252457 
SE0014441192 
DK0060972511 
SE0014826475 
SE0014824512 
FI4000255237 
SE0014441200 
DK0060972271 
SE0014826921 
SE0014824645 
FI4000255245 
SE0014441218 
DK0060973089 
SE0014826855 
FI4000455522 
FI4000252481 
FI4000431853 
SE0012313831 
SE0014825998 
FI4000455878 
FI4000252622 
FI4000431861 
SE0012313849 
SE0014826442 
FI4000453915 
FI4000252630 
FI4000431879 
SE0012313914 
SE0014826897 
SE0014824686 
FI4000255294 
FI4000431887 
SE0012313922 
SE0014826814 
SE0014824769 
FI4000252705 
FI4000431895 
SE0012313930 
SE0014826368 
FI4000455316 
FI4000255286 
FI4000431903 
SE0012314037 
SE0014825873 
FI4000455357 
FI4000252713 
FI4000431911 
SE0012314045 
SE0014826772 
FI4000455365 
FI4000255336 
FI4000431929 
SE0012314052 
SE0014826699 
FI4000455639 
FI4000255344 
FI4000431937 
SE0012314102 
SE0014825790 
FI4000455670 
DK0060834984 
FI4000431945 
SE0012314276 
SE0014826244 
FI4000455571 
DK0060835015 
SE0014441234 
SE0012314284 
SE0014825832 
FI4000453998 
DK0060835288 
SE0014441242 
SE0012314292 
SE0014826285 
FI4000455712 
DK0060835361 
SE0014441259 
NO0010844939 
SE0014826731 
FI4000454079 
DK0060835445 
SE0014441267 
NO0010844954 
SE0014826194 
FI4000455407 
DK0060835528 
SE0014441275 
NO0010845118 
SE0014826640 
FI4000455753 
DK0060835601 
SE0014441283 
NO0010845134 
SE0014827093 
FI4000455795 
DK0060835791 
SE0014441291 
NO0010845167 
SE0014827051 
SE0014824439 
DK0060835874 
DK0061304888 
NO0010845472 
SE0014826152 
FI4000455449 
DK0060835957 
DK0061304961 
NO0010845480 
SE0014826608 
FI4000455837 
DK0060836096 
DK0061305182 
NO0010845498 
SE0014826079 
FI4000455480 
DK0060836179 
DK0061305265 
NO0010845506 
SE0014826970 
SE0014824603 
DK0060836252 
DK0061305349 
NO0010845670 
SE0014826111 
SE0014824470 
DK0060836336 
DK0061305422 
NO0010844863 
SE0014826566 
FI4000455860 
DK0060836419 
DK0061305505 
NO0010846686 
SE0014827010 
FI4000455514 
DK0060836682 
DK0061305695 
FI4000373006 
SE0014826939 
SE0014824637 
DK0060836765 
DK0061305778 
FI4000372990 
SE0014826038 
SE0014824504 
DK0060836849 
DK0061305851 
FI4000372982 
SE0014826483 
FI4000453907 
DK0060836922 
FI4000431986 
FI4000373014 
SE0014826863 
SE0014824546 
DK0060837060 
FI4000432000 
FI4000373139 
SE0014826418 
SE0014824678 
DK0060837144 
NO0010891385 
FI4000373147 
SE0014826459 
SE0014824751 
DK0060837227 
NO0010888894 
FI4000373337 
SE0014826376 
FI4000455308 
DK0060837300 
NO0010891377 
FI4000373345 
SE0014826822 
SE0014824793 
DK0060837490 
NO0010888951 
FI4000373352 
SE0014826749 
FI4000455340 
DK0060837573 
FI4000432364 
FI4000373360 
SE0014825840 
FI4000455563 
DK0060837656 
FI4000432372 
FI4000373733 
SE0014826293 
FI4000455662 
DK0060837730 
SE0014444097 
FI4000373741 
SE0014825881 
FI4000453980 
DK0060837813 
SE0014444105 
FI4000373758 
SE0014826780 
FI4000454020 
DK0060838035 
DK0061306743 
FI4000373766 
SE0014826251 
FI4000455704 
DK0060838118 
SE0014444121 
SE0012320976 
SE0014826657 
FI4000455605 
DK0060838381 
FI4000430780 
SE0012320984 
SE0014826129 
FI4000455746

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
DK0060838464 
DK0061306909 
SE0012320992 
SE0014826574 
FI4000455399 
DK0060838548 
SE0014444147 
SE0012321172 
SE0014827028 
FI4000455431 
DK0060838621 
NO0010891583 
SE0012321164 
SE0014826160 
FI4000455787 
DK0060838704 
NO0010891591 
SE0012321156 
SE0014826616 
FI4000454103 
DK0060838894 
SE0013529674 
SE0012321594 
SE0014827069 
SE0014824421 
DK0060838977 
SE0013529682 
SE0012321669 
SE0014826087 
SE0014824595 
DK0060839009 
SE0013529690 
SE0012321586 
SE0014826533 
SE0014824462 
DK0060839199 
SE0013529708 
SE0012321677 
SE0014826988 
FI4000455472 
DK0060839272 
SE0013529716 
SE0012322253 
SE0014826046 
FI4000455829 
DK0060839355 
SE0013529724 
SE0012322246 
SE0014826491 
SE0014824629 
DK0060839439 
SE0013529732 
SE0012322238 
SE0014826947 
SE0014824660 
DK0060839512 
SE0013529740 
SE0012322220 
SE0014827465 
SE0014824538 
DK0060839785 
SE0013529757 
SE0012322469 
SE0014827556 
FI4000453899 
DK0060839868 
SE0013529765 
SE0012322543 
SE0014827523 
FI4000453931 
DK0060839942 
SE0013529773 
DK0061041423 
SE0014827481 
SE0014824702 
DK0060840015 
SE0013529781 
DK0061041506 
SE0014827432 
FI4000455258 
DK0060840288 
SE0013529799 
DK0061042587 
SE0014827424 
SE0014824744 
DK0060840361 
SE0013529807 
DK0061042231 
SE0014827531 
SE0014824785 
DK0060840445 
SE0013529815 
DK0061042314 
SE0014827440 
FI4000455332 
DK0060840528 
SE0013529518 
DK0061043122 
SE0014827549 
FI4000453972 
DK0060840601 
SE0013529526 
DK0061044013 
SE0014827457 
FI4000455654 
DK0060840791 
SE0013529542 
DK0061048436 
FI4000465968 
FI4000455555 
NO0010795115 
SE0013529559 
DK0061048865 
FI4000464979 
FI4000455597 
NO0010794340 
SE0013529567 
DK0061048519 
FI4000465927 
FI4000455696 
NO0010794928 
SE0013529575 
DK0061048782 
FI4000464938 
FI4000454012 
NO0010795040 
SE0013529583 
DK0061051067 
FI4000464292 
FI4000455738 
NO0010794787 
SE0013529591 
DK0061051810 
FI4000464334 
FI4000454095 
NO0010795180 
SE0013529609 
DK0061054400 
FI4000464706 
SE0014824413 
NO0010794522 
SE0013529617 
DK0061054913 
FI4000465893 
FI4000455423 
NO0010794795 
SE0013529625 
DK0061055050 
FI4000464250 
FI4000455779 
NO0010795107 
SE0013529633 
DK0061055134 
FI4000465810 
FI4000455464 
NO0010794712 
SE0013529641 
DK0061055480 
FI4000464623 
FI4000455811 
NO0010795081 
SE0013529658 
DK0061055563 
FI4000465851 
SE0014824454 
NO0010794555 
SE0013529666 
DK0061055993 
FI4000464664 
SE0014824496 
NO0010795131 
DK0061331188 
DK0061056967 
FI4000464581 
FI4000455506 
NO0010794282 
DK0061331261 
FI4000374368 
FI4000465778 
FI4000455852 
NO0010794878 
DK0061331345 
FI4000374376 
FI4000465695 
FI4000455530 
NO0010794332 
DK0061331428 
FI4000374384 
FI4000464508 
FI4000453881 
NO0010794647 
SE0014810164 
SE0012564383 
FI4000466057 
SE0014824652 
NO0010794290 
SE0014810172 
SE0012564433 
FI4000464540 
SE0014824520 
NO0010795016 
SE0014810180 
SE0012564391 
FI4000466099 
FI4000453923 
NO0010794902 
SE0014810198 
SE0012564425 
FI4000465737 
SE0014824694 
NO0010794530 
SE0014810206 
SE0012564458 
FI4000466016 
FI4000455241 
NO0010794480 
SE0014810222 
SE0012564474 
FI4000465653 
FI4000455324 
NO0010794316 
SE0014810255 
SE0012564540 
FI4000465067 
FI4000455647 
NO0010795024 
SE0014810248 
SE0012564755 
FI4000464961 
FI4000455548

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
NO0010794829 
SE0014810263 
SE0012564748 
FI4000465950 
FI4000453964 
NO0010794563 
SE0014810347 
SE0012564813 
FI4000465638 
FI4000454004 
NO0010795123 
SE0014810313 
SE0012564839 
FI4000465992 
FI4000455688 
NO0010794589 
SE0014810297 
SE0012564821 
FI4000464920 
FI4000455589 
NO0010795073 
SE0014810230 
FI4000382817 
FI4000464284 
FI4000455720 
NO0010794738 
SE0014810305 
FI4000382825 
FI4000464326 
FI4000455415 
NO0010794910 
SE0014810354 
FI4000382833 
FI4000464698 
FI4000455761 
NO0010795008 
SE0014810362 
FI4000382841 
FI4000464656 
FI4000454087 
NO0010794860 
FI4000431234 
FI4000382858 
FI4000465844 
SE0014824405 
NO0010794324 
FI4000431259 
FI4000382429 
FI4000465760 
SE0014824447 
NO0010794779 
FI4000431267 
FI4000382437 
FI4000464573 
FI4000455803 
NO0010795156 
SE0014811493 
FI4000382684 
FI4000465802 
FI4000455456 
NO0010794746 
DK0061333556 
NO0010857147 
FI4000464615 
FI4000455845 
NO0010794472 
DK0061333713 
NO0010857162 
FI4000464532 
SE0014824488 
NO0010795420 
DK0061333986 
NO0010857170 
FI4000466081 
SE0014824611 
NO0010794662 
DK0061334018 
NO0010857196 
FI4000465729 
FI4000455498 
NO0010794886 
DK0061334281 
NO0010857204 
FI4000465646 
FI4000463682 
NO0010794639 
DK0061334364 
NO0010858095 
FI4000466008 
FI4000463609 
NO0010794654 
DK0061334448 
NO0010858046 
FI4000466040 
FI4000463567 
NO0010794571 
DK0061334521 
NO0010857766 
FI4000465687 
FI4000463484 
NO0010794514 
SE0014813770 
NO0010857733 
FI4000465059 
FI4000463443 
NO0010794498 
FI4000429733 
NO0010857725 
FI4000464953 
FI4000463526 
NO0010794969 
FI4000429758 
NO0010857709 
FI4000465943 
FI4000463401 
NO0010794720 
DK0061334950 
NO0010857691 
FI4000465984 
FI4000463674 
SE0009860778 
SE0014813812 
SE0012820280 
FI4000465620 
FI4000463591 
SE0009860786 
DK0061335767 
SE0012820298 
FI4000464995 
FI4000463559 
SE0009979404 
FI4000429824 
SE0012820439 
FI4000464912 
FI4000463518 
SE0009979412 
FI4000430269 
SE0012820413 
FI4000464318 
FI4000463435 
SE0009860810 
FI4000430277 
SE0012820488 
FI4000464680 
FI4000463393 
SE0009860851 
FI4000430285 
SE0012820645 
FI4000464276 
FI4000463583 
SE0009860869 
FI4000430293 
SE0012820686 
FI4000465919 
FI4000463542 
SE0009979453 
FI4000430301 
SE0012820694 
FI4000464649 
FI4000463500 
SE0009979461 
FI4000430319 
SE0012820801 
FI4000465836 
FI4000463427 
SE0009860893 
FI4000430327 
SE0012820918 
FI4000465752 
FI4000463690 
SE0009861479 
FI4000430335 
SE0012820926 
FI4000464565 
FI4000463575 
SE0009861487 
FI4000430343 
SE0012820983 
FI4000464607 
FI4000463534 
SE0009861495 
FI4000430350 
SE0012820991 
FI4000465794 
FI4000463492 
SE0009861503 
NO0010894405 
SE0012821163 
FI4000465711 
FI4000463419 
SE0009861685 
NO0010894397 
SE0012821171 
FI4000466073 
SE0014827655 
SE0009861693 
DK0061340684 
SE0012821189 
FI4000464524 
FI4000463906 
SE0009861701 
DK0061340767 
SE0012821296 
FI4000466032 
FI4000463781 
SE0009861719 
DK0061340841 
DK0061063583 
FI4000465679 
FI4000463823 
FI4000254404 
DK0061340924 
DK0061061108 
FI4000465612 
FI4000463864 
FI4000254412 
DK0061341062 
DK0061062189 
FI4000465976 
FI4000464110 
FI4000254420 
DK0061341146 
SE0012957603 
FI4000464987 
FI4000464037 
FI4000254438 
DK0061341229 
SE0012957611 
FI4000464342 
FI4000464078

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
FI4000254479 
DK0061341302 
SE0012957629 
FI4000465935 
FI4000463898 
FI4000254487 
DK0061341492 
SE0012957637 
FI4000464946 
FI4000463773 
FI4000254503 
FI4000446901 
SE0012957983 
FI4000464300 
FI4000463815 
FI4000254495 
FI4000446943 
SE0012958056 
FI4000464672 
FI4000463856 
FI4000252549 
FI4000446786 
SE0012958064 
FI4000464714 
FI4000464102 
FI4000252556 
FI4000446828 
SE0012958171 
FI4000464268 
FI4000464029 
FI4000256656 
FI4000446869 
SE0012958189 
FI4000465901 
FI4000464060 
FI4000252580 
FI4000446893 
SE0012957793 
FI4000465828 
FI4000463880 
FI4000256664 
FI4000446935 
SE0012957801 
FI4000464631 
FI4000463922 
FI4000252804 
FI4000446976 
SE0012957959 
FI4000465786 
FI4000463807 
FI4000252812 
FI4000446810 
SE0012957975 
FI4000464599 
FI4000463849 
FI4000256706 
FI4000446851 
SE0012958254 
FI4000465703 
FI4000464094 
FI4000256714 
FI4000446885 
SE0012958262 
FI4000464516 
FI4000464052 
DK0060845675 
FI4000446927 
SE0012958312 
FI4000466065 
FI4000463872 
DK0060844868 
FI4000446968 
SE0012958320 
FI4000466107 
FI4000463914 
DK0060845832 
FI4000446802 
SE0012958601 
FI4000465745 
FI4000463799 
DK0060845915 
FI4000446844 
SE0012958742 
FI4000464557 
FI4000463831 
DK0060845758 
FI4000446877 
SE0012958700 
FI4000466024 
FI4000464128 
DK0060846053 
FI4000446919 
SE0012958718 
FI4000465661 
FI4000464045 
DK0060845329 
FI4000446950 
SE0012958734 
FI4000463377 
FI4000464086 
DK0060844942 
FI4000446794 
SE0012958924 
FI4000463336 
SE0015223391 
DK0060846210 
FI4000446836 
SE0012958981 
FI4000463294 
SE0015223359 
DK0060846137 
DK0061341658 
SE0012958932 
FI4000465174 
SE0015222906 
DK0060846483 
FI4000447370 
SE0012959328 
FI4000465133 
SE0015223433 
DK0060845089 
FI4000447297 
SE0012959336 
FI4000465091 
SE0015222989 
DK0060845402 
FI4000447339 
SE0012959344 
FI4000463369 
SE0015222948 
DK0060846566 
DK0061342037 
SE0012959351 
FI4000463328 
SE0015223276 
DK0060846640 
FI4000447271 
SE0012959369 
FI4000465166 
SE0015222823 
DK0060846723 
DK0061341575 
FI4000394747 
FI4000465208 
SE0015223235 
DK0060846806 
FI4000447362 
FI4000394754 
FI4000465125 
SE0015222781 
DK0060847887 
FI4000447289 
FI4000394762 
FI4000465083 
SE0015222864 
DK0060847960 
FI4000447321 
SE0012959963 
SE0014827630 
SE0015223151 
DK0060847101 
FI4000447404 
FI4000394739 
FI4000463351 
SE0015223110 
DK0060847291 
DK0061341815 
SE0012959955 
FI4000463310 
SE0015223193 
DK0060867133 
FI4000447263 
SE0012960144 
FI4000465158 
SE0015222740 
DK0060867216 
FI4000447354 
SE0012960334 
FI4000465190 
SE0015223482 
DK0060867489 
FI4000447313 
FI4000394986 
FI4000465117 
SE0015223383 
DK0060867562 
FI4000447396 
SE0012960391 
FI4000465075 
SE0015222930 
DK0060867992 
DK0061341732 
SE0012960052 
FI4000463385 
SE0015222898 
DK0060849156 
FI4000447347 
SE0012960383 
FI4000463344 
SE0015222971 
DK0060849230 
FI4000447388 
DK0061110848 
FI4000463302 
SE0015223425 
DK0060849313 
FI4000447305 
DK0061108941 
FI4000465141 
SE0015222815 
NO0010796022 
FI4000445440 
DK0061107893 
FI4000465182 
SE0015223268 
NO0010795792 
FI4000445523 
DK0061107703 
FI4000465109 
SE0015222856 
NO0010795818 
FI4000445481 
DK0061107620 
SE0014827861 
SE0015223144 
NO0010796014 
SE0014816427 
DK0061109832 
SE0014827903 
SE0015223227

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
NO0010795800 
FI4000445614 
DK0061109758 
SE0014827960 
SE0015222773 
NO0010795875 
FI4000445572 
DK0061105178 
SE0014827895 
SE0015223185 
NO0010795867 
SE0014816500 
DK0061105095 
SE0014827879 
SE0015223474 
NO0010795974 
FI4000445432 
DK0061104957 
SE0014827853 
SE0015223102 
NO0010796055 
FI4000445556 
NO0010862204 
SE0014827887 
SE0015223375 
NO0010796097 
FI4000445515 
NO0010862790 
SE0014827952 
SE0015222922 
NO0010796048 
FI4000445473 
NO0010862535 
SE0014828448 
SE0015223417 
NO0010795784 
SE0014816419 
NO0010862519 
SE0014828471 
SE0015222963 
NO0010796105 
FI4000445606 
SE0012960680 
SE0014828430 
SE0015223250 
NO0010795883 
FI4000445564 
SE0013255411 
SE0014828463 
SE0015222807 
NO0010796303 
SE0014816492 
SE0013255403 
SE0014828422 
SE0015222880 
NO0010796402 
SE0014816450 
SE0013255395 
SE0014828455 
SE0015222849 
NO0010796287 
FI4000445424 
SE0013255387 
SE0014828489 
SE0015223136 
NO0010796279 
FI4000445549 
SE0013255379 
SE0014828604 
SE0015222765 
NO0010796329 
FI4000445507 
SE0013255361 
SE0014828513 
SE0015223219 
NO0010796485 
FI4000445465 
SE0013255353 
SE0014828752 
SE0015223177 
NO0010796311 
SE0014816401 
SE0013255569 
SE0014828794 
SE0015223466 
NO0010796295 
FI4000445598 
SE0013255262 
SE0014828612 
SE0015223094 
DK0060872489 
SE0014816526 
SE0013255254 
SE0014828539 
SE0015223367 
DK0060872562 
SE0014816484 
SE0013254869 
SE0014828505 
SE0015222914 
DK0060872646 
SE0014816443 
SE0013254844 
SE0014828828 
SE0015223441 
DK0060872729 
FI4000445416 
SE0013254828 
SE0014828745 
SE0015222997 
DK0060873297 
FI4000445531 
SE0013254810 
SE0014828786 
SE0015223409 
DK0060873537 
FI4000445499 
SE0013254802 
SE0014828521 
SE0015222955 
DK0060873610 
FI4000445457 
SE0013254851 
SE0014828588 
SE0015223243 
DK0060873453 
SE0014816435 
SE0013254794 
SE0014828737 
SE0015222799 
DK0060874261 
SE0014816393 
SE0013254679 
SE0014828778 
SE0015222872 
DK0060874345 
FI4000445580 
SE0013254604 
SE0014828810 
SE0015223284 
DK0060874428 
SE0014816518 
SE0013254455 
SE0014828497 
SE0015222831 
DK0060873370 
SE0014816476 
SE0013254448 
SE0014828760 
SE0015223169 
DK0060874501 
FI4000445663 
SE0013254349 
SE0014828802 
SE0015223128 
DK0060875078 
FI4000445655 
SE0013254331 
SE0014828547 
SE0015223201 
DK0060875151 
SE0014817292 
SE0013254224 
SE0015224779 
SE0015222757 
DK0060874691 
FI4000445648 
SE0013254216 
SE0015224415 
SE0015223003 
DK0060875318 
FI4000445689 
SE0013253887 
SE0015224761 
SE0015223458 
DK0060875235 
FI4000445630 
SE0013253671 
SE0015224373 
SE0015223086 
DK0060876043 
NO0010895899 
SE0013253382 
SE0015224530 
FI4000462759 
DK0060875581 
NO0010895915 
SE0013253358 
SE0015225214 
FI4000462908 
DK0060875904 
DK0061342706 
SE0013253374 
SE0015224076 
FI4000462783 
DK0060876399 
DK0061342896 
SE0013253366 
SE0015224118 
FI4000462817 
DK0060876209 
DK0061342540 
SE0013253283 
SE0015225255 
FI4000462775 
DK0060876126 
DK0061342979 
DK0061096914 
SE0015224035 
FI4000462809 
DK0060876712 
DK0061342623 
DK0061096245 
SE0015224480 
FI4000462767 
DK0060876985 
DK0061343001 
DK0061096161 
SE0015224647 
FI4000462791 
DK0060877017 
NO0010896434 
DK0061095353 
SE0015225388 
FI4000460621 
DK0060877280 
NO0010896459 
DK0061095270 
SE0015224340 
FI4000460670

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
DK0060877363 
NO0010896574 
SE0013252046 
SE0015225313 
FI4000460639 
NO0010797004 
NO0010896830 
SE0013252038 
SE0015223995 
FI4000460688 
NO0010796980 
NO0010896491 
SE0013252020 
SE0015225180 
FI4000460605 
NO0010797244 
NO0010896822 
SE0013251980 
SE0015225420 
FI4000460613 
NO0010796998 
NO0010896152 
SE0013251972 
SE0015224225 
SE0015226105 
NO0010797186 
NO0010896004 
SE0013251964 
SE0015225123 
SE0015226147 
NO0010797236 
NO0010896228 
SE0013251915 
SE0015224803 
SE0015226006 
NO0010796857 
NO0010896137 
SE0013251907 
SE0015225453 
SE0015226048 
NO0010796907 
NO0010896319 
SE0013251592 
SE0015224886 
SE0015226097 
NO0010796949 
NO0010896269 
SE0013251584 
SE0015224464 
SE0015226139 
NO0010797012 
NO0010896632 
SE0013251527 
SE0015224183 
SE0015226055 
NO0010797251 
NO0010896012 
SE0013251519 
SE0015224787 
SE0015225990 
NO0010797269 
NO0010896715 
SE0013251501 
SE0015224407 
SE0015226030 
SE0009982721 
NO0010896079 
SE0013251436 
SE0015224449 
SE0015226089 
SE0010128330 
NO0010896780 
SE0013251428 
SE0015224167 
SE0015226121 
SE0010128371 
NO0010896145 
SE0013251352 
SE0015224704 
SE0015226071 
SE0010128389 
NO0010896350 
SE0013251345 
SE0015224142 
SE0015226063 
SE0010128397 
NO0010896640 
SE0013251337 
SE0015224548 
SE0015225982 
SE0010128405 
NO0010896483 
SE0013251279 
SE0015224068 
SE0015226022 
SE0010128413 
NO0010896558 
SE0013251196 
SE0015224100 
SE0015226113 
SE0010128454 
NO0010896475 
SE0013251188 
SE0015224522 
SE0015226154 
SE0010128496 
NO0010896426 
SE0013251170 
SE0015224027 
SE0015226014 
SE0010128504 
NO0010896756 
SE0013251162 
SE0015225347 
SE0015226162 
SE0010128512 
NO0010896301 
SE0013251113 
SE0015223987 
FI4000458047 
SE0010128561 
NO0010896848 
SE0013251105 
SE0015225172 
FI4000458054 
SE0010128603 
NO0010896533 
SE0013251097 
SE0015224712 
SE0015226170 
SE0010128611 
NO0010896178 
SE0013250552 
SE0015224654 
FI4000458096 
SE0010128652 
NO0010896038 
SE0013250529 
SE0015224332 
SE0015226220 
SE0010128660 
NO0010896244 
SE0013250511 
SE0015225115 
SE0015226188 
SE0010128678 
NO0010896160 
SE0013250503 
SE0015224811 
FI4000458104 
SE0010128686 
NO0010896343 
SE0013250495 
SE0015224258 
FI4000467881 
SE0010128694 
NO0010896277 
DK0061094380 
SE0015225446 
FI4000467980 
SE0010128710 
NO0010896665 
DK0061094117 
SE0015224456 
FI4000467840 
SE0010128751 
NO0010896020 
DK0061093226 
SE0015224175 
FI4000467659 
SE0010128769 
NO0010896731 
DK0061093143 
SE0015224910 
FI4000467717 
SE0010134569 
NO0010896087 
DK0061093069 
SE0015224217 
FI4000467808 
FI4000262944 
NO0010896392 
DK0061092921 
SE0015225396 
FI4000467725 
FI4000262969 
NO0010896681 
DK0061092848 
SE0015224746 
FI4000467766 
FI4000263009 
NO0010896509 
DK0061092251 
SE0015224399 
FI4000467923 
SE0010134551 
NO0010896582 
DK0061092178 
SE0015224829 
FI4000468020 
DK0060885036 
NO0010896210 
DK0061092095 
SE0015224977 
FI4000468061 
DK0060885119 
NO0010896707 
DK0061091956 
SE0015224431 
FI4000467865 
DK0060885382 
NO0010896798 
DK0061088812 
SE0015224159 
FI4000467972 
DK0060885465 
NO0010896376 
DK0061086444 
SE0015225099 
FI4000468004 
DK0060885549 
NO0010896285 
DK0061086360 
SE0015224134 
FI4000467642 
DK0060885895 
NO0010896566 
DK0061086287 
SE0015225198 
FI4000467857

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
DK0060890119 
NO0010896186 
DK0061086014 
SE0015224092 
FI4000467816 
DK0060890382 
NO0010896061 
DK0061085982 
SE0015224498 
FI4000467675 
DK0060890465 
NO0010896251 
DK0061085040 
SE0015224019 
FI4000467774 
DK0060890549 
NO0010896194 
DK0061084829 
SE0015224472 
FI4000468012 
DK0060890622 
NO0010896368 
DK0061084902 
SE0015225230 
FI4000468079 
DK0060890895 
NO0010896335 
DK0061264801 
SE0015224050 
FI4000468095 
DK0060890978 
NO0010896590 
DK0061264728 
SE0015224365 
FI4000467873 
DK0060891000 
NO0010896673 
DK0061263910 
SE0015224720 
FI4000467956 
DK0060891190 
NO0010896046 
DK0061263837 
SE0015225479 
FI4000467949 
DK0060891513 
NO0010896749 
DK0061259728 
SE0015225339 
FI4000467907 
DK0060891786 
NO0010896111 
DK0061259645 
SE0015224662 
FI4000467626 
DK0060891869 
NO0010896418 
DK0061259488 
SE0015224324 
FI4000467683 
DK0060884302 
NO0010896723 
DK0061258753 
SE0015225065 
FI4000467824 
DK0060884815 
NO0010896517 
DK0061258670 
SE0015224837 
FI4000467782 
SE0010136663 
NO0010896400 
DK0061258837 
SE0015225438 
FI4000467709 
FI4000261680 
NO0010896384 
DK0061259561 
SE0015224241 
FI4000468046 
FI4000261631 
NO0010896525 
DK0061258084 
SE0015224878 
FI4000468103 
DK0060884575 
NO0010896806 
DK0061258167 
SE0015224928 
FI4000467758 
DK0060884658 
NO0010896814 
DK0061257946 
SE0015224209 
FI4000467733 
FI4000261656 
NO0010896442 
DK0061265378 
SE0015224795 
FI4000467964 
SE0010136689 
NO0010896095 
SE0013244597 
SE0015224423 
FI4000467915 
SE0010136697 
NO0010896202 
SE0013244571 
SE0015224126 
FI4000467618 
SE0010136713 
NO0010896293 
SE0013244563 
SE0015224753 
FI4000467832 
FI4000261664 
NO0010896236 
SE0013244480 
SE0015224381 
FI4000467667 
NO0010801749 
NO0010896624 
SE0013244472 
SE0015225206 
FI4000467691 
NO0010801772 
NO0010896699 
SE0013246162 
SE0015224084 
FI4000467790 
NO0010796725 
NO0010896053 
SE0013246154 
SE0015224506 
FI4000468038 
SE0010355388 
NO0010896772 
SE0013237682 
SE0015224001 
FI4000468087 
FI4000285861 
NO0010896129 
SE0013237542 
SE0015225248 
SE0015227780 
FI4000285887 
NO0010896327 
SE0013237567 
SE0015224043 
SE0015227772 
FI4000285929 
NO0010896608 
SE0013237559 
SE0015224639 
FI4000468194 
SE0010358804 
NO0010896764 
SE0013237500 
SE0015224357 
SE0015228416 
SE0010358770 
NO0010896467 
SE0013237492 
SE0015225321 
FI4000468186 
SE0010358861 
NO0010896541 
SE0013237419 
SE0015224670 
SE0015228424 
SE0010358788 
NO0010898109 
SE0013237401 
SE0015224316 
FI4000468178 
SE0010358796 
NO0010897556 
SE0013237344 
SE0015225040 
FI4000468236 
SE0010358846 
NO0010897820 
SE0013237336 
SE0015224233 
FI4000468350 
SE0010358853 
NO0010898208 
SE0013237328 
SE0015225461 
SE0015228549 
SE0010358887 
NO0010897069 
SE0013237310 
SE0015224902 
FI4000468392 
SE0010358895 
NO0010897770 
SE0013237047 
SE0015225370 
SE0015228580 
SE0010358879 
NO0010898174 
SE0013237039 
SE0015224191 
FI4000468343 
SE0010358903 
NO0010897812 
SE0013237021 
NO0010907983 
SE0015228531 
SE0010358929 
NO0010897200 
DK0061252046 
NO0010908056 
FI4000468384 
SE0010358945 
NO0010897473 
DK0061252129 
NO0010908007 
SE0015228572 
SE0010358952 
NO0010896913 
NO0010869886 
NO0010908346 
FI4000468376 
SE0010358812 
NO0010897697 
DK0061249844 
NO0010908262 
FI4000468335

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
SE0010358820 
NO0010896871 
DK0061249174 
NO0010908304 
SE0015228523 
SE0010358838 
NO0010897630 
SE0013115854 
NO0010908114 
SE0015228564 
SE0010358937 
NO0010896970 
SE0013115862 
NO0010908155 
SE0015228606 
SE0010358960 
NO0010897739 
SE0013544772 
NO0010908221 
FI4000468319 
DK0060905081 
NO0010897325 
SE0013544764 
NO0010908031 
FI4000468368 
DK0060905164 
NO0010897044 
SE0013544756 
NO0010908064 
FI4000468327 
DK0060905248 
NO0010897424 
SE0013544749 
NO0010907991 
FI4000468400 
DK0060905321 
NO0010897374 
DK0061244290 
NO0010908247 
SE0015228598 
DK0060905404 
NO0010897119 
DK0061244100 
NO0010908296 
SE0015228556 
DK0060919033 
NO0010898257 
DK0061244027 
NO0010908338 
SE0011415827 
DK0060919116 
NO0010897093 
SE0013539814 
NO0010908122 
SE0011415843 
DK0060919389 
NO0010897432 
SE0013539806 
NO0010908148 
SE0011415850 
DK0060919462 
NO0010897267 
SE0013539756 
NO0010907975 
SE0011415835 
DK0060919546 
NO0010896954 
SE0013539723 
NO0010908049 
SE0011759588 
DK0060919629 
NO0010898034 
SE0013539715 
NO0010908072 
SE0011759596 
DK0060919702 
NO0010897218 
SE0013538980 
NO0010908098 
SE0011981497 
DK0060919892 
NO0010897531 
SE0013538972 
NO0010908361 
SE0011981463 
DK0060919975 
NO0010898349 
SE0013538949 
NO0010908130 
SE0011981471 
DK0060920122 
NO0010897549 
SE0013539327 
NO0010908320 
SE0011981489 
DK0060920205 
NO0010897804 
SE0013536596 
NO0010908254 
SE0011980226 
DK0060920395 
NO0010898158 
SE0013536588 
NO0010908288 
SE0011980218 
DK0060920478 
NO0010897606 
SE0013536570 
NO0010908023 
SE0011980234 
DK0060920551 
NO0010897176 
SE0013536562 
NO0010908015 
SE0011980242 
SE0010627893 
NO0010897465 
SE0013536554 
NO0010908106 
SE0011980515 
SE0010627901 
NO0010896905 
SE0013536547 
NO0010908353 
SE0011980523 
SE0010627919 
NO0010897689 
SE0013536539 
NO0010908080 
SE0011980531 
SE0010627927 
NO0010898166 
SE0013536521 
NO0010908312 
SE0011980549 
SE0010627935 
NO0010897036 
SE0013536513 
NO0010908239 
SE0011980820 
SE0010627943 
NO0010897762 
SE0013536505 
NO0010908270 
SE0011980838 
SE0010627950 
NO0010896947 
DK0061235033 
DK0061380391 
SE0011980846 
SE0010627968 
NO0010897721 
DK0061233848 
DK0061390275 
SE0011980853 
SE0010627976 
NO0010897309 
SE0013531241 
DK0061385358 
SE0011981067 
SE0010627984 
NO0010897010 
SE0013531233 
DK0061400173 
SE0011981075 
SE0010627992 
NO0010897150 
SE0013531126 
DK0061395159 
SE0011981083 
SE0010628008 
NO0010897366 
SE0013531118 
DK0061405057 
SE0011981091 
SE0010628016 
NO0010897101 
SE0013531142 
DK0061370830 
SE0011979822 
SE0010628024 
NO0010897978 
SE0013531050 
DK0061380714 
SE0011979814 
SE0010628040 
NO0010897515 
SE0013531134 
DK0061375714 
SE0011979830 
SE0010628057 
NO0010897192 
SE0013531035 
DK0061405560 
SE0011979848 
SE0010628065 
NO0010898240 
SE0013531043 
DK0061390788 
SE0011981927 
SE0010628073 
NO0010896988 
SE0013530862 
DK0061385861 
SE0011981935 
SE0010628081 
NO0010897382 
SE0013528932 
DK0061395662 
SE0011981943 
DK0060940740 
NO0010898117 
SE0013528999 
DK0061398849 
SE0011981950 
DK0060940823 
NO0010897259 
SE0013529039 
DK0061393881 
SE0011982255 
DK0060992626 
NO0010897671 
SE0013529187 
DK0061403862 
SE0011982263 
DK0060940906 
NO0010897796 
SE0013529195 
DK0061374071 
SE0011982271

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
DK0060992709 
NO0010898281 
SE0013529260 
DK0061379039 
SE0011982289 
DK0060992899 
NO0010897523 
SE0013529278 
DK0061369154 
SE0011982529 
SE0010979658 
NO0010898216 
SE0013529302 
DK0061399227 
SE0011982537 
SE0011168251 
NO0010897481 
SE0013529310 
DK0061384542 
SE0011982545 
SE0011168244 
NO0010897317 
SE0013530573 
DK0061389426 
SE0011982552 
SE0011168269 
NO0010898133 
SE0013530292 
DK0061369667 
SE0011982925 
SE0011169085 
NO0010897598 
SE0013530300 
DK0061379542 
SE0011982933 
SE0011169093 
NO0010897127 
SE0013530318 
DK0061374584 
SE0011982941 
SE0011169101 
NO0010897457 
SE0013530409 
DK0061394772 
SE0011982958 
SE0011169119 
NO0010896897 
SE0013530417 
DK0061389855 
SE0011983097 
SE0011169127 
NO0010897655 
SE0013530425 
DK0061399656 
SE0011983105 
SE0011169135 
NO0010898141 
SE0013530433 
DK0061374907 
SE0011983113 
SE0011169143 
NO0010897028 
SE0013530466 
DK0061370087 
SE0011983121 
SE0011169150 
NO0010897754 
DK0061225828 
DK0061384971 
SE0011983295 
SE0011168426 
NO0010896939 
DK0061225745 
DK0061379971 
SE0011983303 
SE0011168434 
NO0010897713 
DK0061225661 
DK0061372612 
SE0011983311 
SE0011168442 
NO0010897341 
DK0061225588 
DK0061387644 
SE0011983329 
SE0011168459 
NO0010897077 
DK0061225315 
DK0061382769 
SE0011984103 
SE0011168467 
NO0010897291 
SE0013119286 
DK0061392560 
SE0011984111 
SE0011168475 
NO0010896996 
SE0013117942 
DK0061402542 
SE0011984129 
SE0011168483 
NO0010897408 
SE0013117785 
DK0061397528 
SE0011984137 
SE0011168491 
NO0010897143 
SE0013116423 
DK0061373263 
SE0011984368 
SE0011168509 
NO0010898299 
SE0013116415 
DK0061402971 
SE0011984376 
SE0011168517 
NO0010897507 
SE0013116381 
DK0061397957 
SE0011984384 
SE0011168525 
NO0010898224 
SE0013116373 
DK0061383148 
SE0011984392 
SE0011168533 
NO0010897580 
SE0013915089 
DK0061378148 
SE0011983790 
SE0011168541 
NO0010897358 
SE0013915097 
DK0061392990 
SE0011983808 
SE0011168558 
NO0010897242 
SE0013915105 
DK0061388022 
SE0011983816 
SE0011168566 
NO0010897663 
SE0013915287 
DK0061403359 
SE0011983824 
SE0011168574 
NO0010898091 
SE0013915261 
DK0061388451 
SE0012315638 
SE0011168582 
NO0010898125 
SE0013915279 
DK0061398336 
SE0012315646 
SE0011168590 
NO0010898232 
SE0013932092 
DK0061393378 
SE0012315653 
SE0011168608 
NO0010897085 
SE0013932043 
DK0061373693 
SE0012317618 
SE0011168616 
NO0010897788 
SE0013932019 
DK0061368776 
SE0012317626 
SE0011168624 
NO0010898190 
SE0013931946 
DK0061383577 
SE0012317642 
SE0011168632 
NO0010897234 
SE0013933405 
DK0061378577 
SE0012317634 
SE0011168640 
NO0010897283 
SE0013931953 
DK0061406022 
SE0012316453 
SE0011168657 
NO0010897564 
SE0013933421 
DK0061391240 
SE0012316461 
SE0011168665 
NO0010897846 
SE0013933413 
DK0061386323 
SE0012316750 
SE0011168673 
NO0010896921 
SE0013933397 
DK0061401148 
SE0012316768 
SE0011168681 
NO0010897705 
SE0013933280 
DK0061396124 
SE0012316776 
SE0011168699 
NO0010897440 
SE0013933306 
DK0061376449 
SE0012316784 
SE0011168707 
NO0010896889 
SE0013933298 
DK0061371481 
SE0012317097 
SE0011168715 
NO0010897648 
SE0013933215 
DK0061381449 
SE0012317121 
SE0011168723 
NO0010897945 
SE0013933231 
DK0061396553 
SE0012317113 
SE0011168731 
NO0010897002 
SE0013933223 
DK0061401577 
SE0012317105

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
SE0011168749 
NO0010897747 
SE0013933157 
DK0061381878 
SE0012317220 
SE0011168756 
NO0010897333 
SE0013933207 
DK0061376878 
SE0012317238 
SE0011168764 
NO0010897051 
SE0013933173 
DK0061386752 
SE0012318095 
SE0011168772 
NO0010897275 
SE0013933165 
DK0061371804 
SE0012318103 
SE0011168780 
NO0010896962 
SE0013933090 
DK0061387131 
SE0012318111 
SE0011168798 
NO0010897390 
SE0013933140 
DK0061382256 
SE0012318129 
SE0011168806 
NO0010897135 
SE0013933041 
DK0061392057 
SE0012318509 
SE0011168814 
NO0010898273 
SE0013933082 
DK0061372299 
SE0012318517 
SE0011168822 
NO0010897499 
SE0013933033 
DK0061377256 
SE0012318525 
SE0011168830 
NO0010898075 
SE0013932985 
DK0061400090 
SE0012318533 
SE0011168848 
NO0010897226 
SE0013932977 
DK0061404910 
SE0012318699 
SE0011168855 
NO0010897622 
SE0013932969 
DK0061385275 
SE0012318707 
SE0011168863 
NO0010897572 
SE0013932936 
DK0061380201 
SE0012318715 
SE0011168871 
NO0010897911 
SE0013932928 
DK0061395076 
SE0012318723 
SE0011168889 
NO0010898588 
SE0013932910 
DK0061390192 
SE0012319457 
SE0011168897 
NO0010899123 
SE0013932902 
DK0061375201 
SE0012319481 
SE0011168905 
NO0010898992 
SE0013932894 
DK0061390515 
SE0012319473 
SE0011168913 
NO0010898471 
SE0013932886 
DK0061385788 
SE0012319465 
SE0011168970 
NO0010898844 
SE0013932779 
DK0061395589 
SE0012319655 
SE0011168988 
NO0010899040 
SE0013932761 
DK0061375631 
SE0012319663 
SE0011168996 
NO0010898513 
SE0013932712 
DK0061370756 
SE0012319648 
SE0011169002 
NO0010898695 
SE0013932647 
DK0061380631 
SE0012319671 
SE0011169010 
NO0010898182 
SE0013932597 
DK0061405487 
SE0012319895 
SE0011169036 
NO0010898752 
SE0013932589 
DK0061381282 
SE0012319903 
SE0011169028 
NO0010898984 
SE0013932571 
DK0061376282 
SE0012319911 
SE0011169044 
NO0010898380 
SE0013932563 
DK0061391083 
SE0012319929 
SE0011169069 
NO0010898323 
SE0013932555 
DK0061386166 
SE0012320489 
SE0011169051 
NO0010898927 
SE0013932548 
DK0061371135 
SE0012320497 
SE0011169077 
NO0010897952 
SE0013932498 
DK0061395902 
SE0012560316 
FI4000318464 
NO0010898612 
SE0013932480 
DK0061405800 
SE0012558997 
FI4000318472 
NO0010898539 
SE0013932423 
DK0061373933 
SE0012559003 
FI4000318480 
NO0010898406 
SE0013932415 
DK0061369071 
SE0012559862 
FI4000318498 
NO0010898000 
SE0013932407 
DK0061398765 
SE0012559870 
FI4000318506 
NO0010898802 
SE0013932399 
DK0061393618 
SE0012560290 
FI4000318522 
NO0010897903 
SE0013932340 
DK0061403789 
SE0012560308 
FI4000318514 
NO0010899149 
SE0013932332 
DK0061378817 
SE0012560282 
FI4000318530 
NO0010898869 
SE0013932290 
DK0061388881 
SE0012560837 
FI4000318555 
NO0010898778 
SE0013932233 
DK0061404167 
SE0012560845 
FI4000318548 
NO0010898455 
SE0013932225 
DK0061389343 
SE0012560852 
FI4000318563 
NO0010898562 
SE0013932217 
DK0061384468 
SE0012560860 
FI4000318571 
NO0010899115 
SE0013932159 
DK0061399144 
SE0012561025 
FI4000318589 
NO0010899073 
SE0013932118 
DK0061369584 
SE0012561033 
FI4000318597 
NO0010898398 
SE0013932100 
DK0061379468 
SE0012561041 
FI4000318605 
NO0010898901 
SE0013930617 
DK0061374311 
SE0012561058 
FI4000318613 
NO0010898661 
SE0013930609 
DK0061394699 
SE0012561322 
FI4000318670 
NO0010898026 
SE0013930591 
DK0061389772 
SE0012561330

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
FI4000318688 
NO0010898372 
SE0013930575 
DK0061399573 
SE0012561348 
FI4000318696 
NO0010898729 
SE0013930567 
DK0061379898 
SE0012561355 
FI4000318704 
NO0010898976 
SE0013930625 
DK0061374824 
SE0012562148 
FI4000318712 
NO0010898745 
SE0013930187 
DK0061384898 
SE0012562155 
FI4000318720 
NO0010897994 
SE0013930583 
DK0061369907 
SE0012562163 
FI4000318738 
NO0010898497 
SE0013930310 
DK0061397445 
SE0012562171 
FI4000318753 
NO0010898786 
SE0013930211 
DK0061392487 
SE0012562577 
FI4000318761 
NO0010897895 
SE0013930286 
DK0061402468 
SE0012562585 
FI4000318787 
NO0010899131 
SE0013930278 
DK0061387560 
SE0012562593 
FI4000318779 
NO0010898851 
SE0013930260 
DK0061382686 
SE0012562601 
FI4000318746 
NO0010898315 
SE0013930252 
DK0061372539 
SE0012563351 
SE0011169291 
NO0010898968 
SE0013930245 
DK0061387990 
SE0012563344 
SE0011169549 
NO0010899065 
SE0013930237 
DK0061383064 
SE0012565679 
SE0011169556 
NO0010898448 
SE0013930229 
DK0061392800 
SE0012565687 
SE0011169564 
NO0010898794 
SE0013930203 
DK0061378064 
SE0012566305 
SE0011169572 
NO0010898547 
SE0013930294 
DK0061373180 
SE0012566313 
SE0011169580 
NO0010899107 
SE0013930179 
DK0061397874 
SE0012566941 
SE0011169598 
NO0010898737 
SE0013930195 
DK0061373503 
SE0012566958 
SE0011169606 
NO0010898893 
SE0013930161 
DK0061383494 
SE0012818318 
SE0011169614 
NO0010898646 
SE0013930302 
DK0061378494 
SE0012818326 
SE0011169630 
NO0010898604 
SE0013929502 
DK0061393295 
SE0012818771 
SE0011169648 
NO0010898638 
SE0013929494 
DK0061388378 
SE0012818789 
SE0011169655 
NO0010898364 
SE0013929486 
DK0061403276 
SE0012818797 
SE0011169663 
NO0010898356 
SE0013929478 
DK0061398252 
SE0012818805 
SE0011169671 
NO0010898950 
SE0013929379 
DK0061371218 
SE0012819100 
SE0011169689 
NO0010897986 
SE0013929395 
DK0061396041 
SE0012819118 
SE0011169697 
NO0010898463 
SE0013929387 
DK0061391166 
SE0012819126 
SE0011169705 
NO0010898836 
SE0013929106 
DK0061405990 
SE0012819134 
SE0011169713 
NO0010897929 
SE0013929361 
DK0061376365 
SE0012821361 
SE0011169721 
NO0010898596 
SE0013929353 
DK0061381365 
SE0012821379 
SE0011169739 
NO0010897887 
SE0013928884 
DK0061401494 
SE0012821387 
SE0011169747 
NO0010899024 
SE0013929098 
DK0061396470 
SE0012821395 
SE0011169754 
NO0010899057 
SE0013929072 
DK0061386679 
SE0012817823 
SE0011169762 
NO0010898505 
SE0013929064 
DK0061381795 
SE0012817831 
SE0011169770 
NO0010898877 
SE0013929056 
DK0061376795 
SE0012817849 
SE0011169838 
NO0010898422 
SE0013929049 
DK0061371721 
SE0012817856 
SE0011169846 
NO0010898760 
SE0013928934 
DK0061391919 
SE0012821668 
SE0011169853 
NO0010899008 
SE0013928926 
DK0061387057 
SE0012821676 
SE0011169861 
NO0010898521 
SE0013928918 
DK0061401817 
SE0012568699 
SE0011169879 
NO0010899099 
SE0013928876 
DK0061396983 
SE0012568673 
SE0011169887 
NO0010898711 
SE0013929080 
DK0061372109 
SE0012568681 
SE0011169895 
NO0010898265 
SE0013928637 
DK0061382173 
SE0012568665 
SE0011169903 
NO0010898331 
SE0013929031 
DK0061377173 
SE0012822369 
SE0011169911 
NO0010898935 
SE0013929023 
DK0061404837 
SE0012822377 
SE0011169929 
NO0010897960 
SE0013928900 
DK0061399813 
SE0012822740 
SE0011169937 
NO0010898570 
SE0013928892 
DK0061385192 
SE0012822757

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
SE0011169945 
NO0010898620 
SE0013928587 
DK0061394939 
SE0012822765 
SE0011169952 
NO0010898307 
SE0013928579 
DK0061390002 
SE0012822773 
SE0011169960 
NO0010898430 
SE0013928868 
DK0061380128 
SE0012823326 
SE0011169978 
NO0010899404 
SE0013928553 
DK0061375128 
SE0012823334 
SE0011169986 
NO0010899800 
SE0013928546 
DK0061405214 
SE0012824878 
SE0011169994 
NO0010899867 
SE0013928512 
DK0061395316 
SE0012824886 
SE0011170000 
NO0010899461 
SE0013928603 
DK0061390432 
SE0012824894 
SE0011170018 
NO0010900046 
SE0013928504 
DK0061375557 
SE0012824902 
SE0011170026 
NO0010899743 
SE0013928488 
DK0061370673 
SE0012826899 
SE0011170034 
NO0010899347 
SE0013928470 
DK0061385515 
SE0012826907 
SE0011170042 
NO0010899289 
SE0013928538 
DK0061380557 
SE0012825263 
SE0011170059 
NO0010899891 
SE0013928629 
DK0061395829 
SE0012825271 
SE0011170067 
NO0010899388 
SE0013928611 
DK0061405727 
SE0012825289 
SE0011170075 
NO0010900004 
SE0013928561 
DK0061381019 
SE0012825255 
SE0011170083 
NO0010899651 
SE0013928496 
DK0061390945 
SE0012825750 
SE0011170091 
NO0010899578 
SE0013928595 
DK0061386083 
SE0012825735 
SE0011170109 
NO0010899206 
SE0013928520 
DK0061371051 
SE0012825768 
SE0011170117 
NO0010899628 
SE0013927324 
DK0061376019 
SE0012825743 
SE0011170125 
NO0010899636 
SE0013927332 
DK0061378734 
SE0012826535 
SE0011170133 
NO0010899925 
SE0013927357 
DK0061393535 
SE0012826543 
SE0011170141 
NO0010899529 
SE0013927290 
DK0061388618 
SE0012826782 
SE0011170158 
NO0010899768 
SE0013927274 
DK0061368933 
SE0012826790 
SE0011170166 
NO0010899263 
SE0013928397 
DK0061373859 
SE0012955425 
SE0011170174 
NO0010899792 
SE0013927365 
DK0061403516 
SE0012955433 
SE0011170182 
NO0010899396 
SE0013927340 
DK0061398682 
SE0012955441 
SE0011170190 
NO0010899594 
SE0013927282 
DK0061369311 
SE0012955458 
SE0011170208 
NO0010899909 
SE0013928306 
DK0061374238 
SE0012955763 
SE0011170216 
NO0010899842 
SE0013927316 
DK0061384385 
SE0012955730 
SE0011170224 
NO0010899453 
SE0013928389 
DK0061379385 
SE0012955748 
SE0011170232 
NO0010900038 
SE0013927308 
DK0061404084 
SE0012955755 
SE0011170240 
NO0010899339 
SE0013928413 
DK0061389269 
SE0013111242 
SE0011170257 
NO0010899727 
SE0013928249 
DK0061399060 
SE0013111259 
SE0011170265 
NO0010899271 
SE0013928314 
DK0061394186 
SE0013111523 
SE0011170273 
NO0010899958 
SE0013928272 
DK0061369824 
SE0013111531 
SE0011170281 
NO0010899487 
SE0013928371 
DK0061394509 
SE0013111960 
SE0011170299 
NO0010899859 
SE0013928298 
DK0061399490 
SE0013111978 
SE0011170307 
NO0010899354 
SE0013928231 
DK0061379708 
SE0013112349 
SE0011170315 
NO0010899990 
SE0013928181 
DK0061374741 
SE0013112331 
FI4000318795 
NO0010899610 
SE0013928264 
DK0061389699 
SE0013112323 
FI4000318803 
NO0010899602 
SE0013928256 
DK0061384708 
SE0013112356 
FI4000318811 
NO0010899552 
SE0013928199 
DK0061382413 
SE0013111986 
FI4000318829 
NO0010899917 
SE0013928157 
DK0061392214 
SE0013111994 
FI4000318837 
NO0010899974 
SE0013928140 
DK0061387487 
SE0013113529 
FI4000318845 
NO0010899735 
SE0013928082 
DK0061372455 
SE0013113537 
FI4000316898 
NO0010899230 
SE0013928074 
DK0061402708 
SE0013113545 
FI4000316906 
NO0010899834 
SE0013928066 
DK0061387800 
SE0013113685

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
FI4000316914 
NO0010899438 
SE0013928058 
DK0061397791 
SE0013113693 
FI4000316922 
NO0010899776 
SE0013928041 
DK0061392727 
SE0013113552 
FI4000316930 
NO0010899370 
SE0013928033 
DK0061372968 
SE0013119120 
FI4000316948 
NO0010899537 
SE0013928025 
DK0061382926 
SE0013118130 
FI4000316955 
NO0010899883 
SE0013928017 
DK0061377926 
SE0013118122 
FI4000316963 
NO0010899255 
SE0013928009 
DK0061398179 
SE0013116902 
FI4000316971 
NO0010899685 
SE0013927993 
DK0061393105 
SE0013116894 
FI4000316989 
NO0010900020 
SE0013927852 
DK0061403193 
SE0013116456 
FI4000316997 
NO0010899313 
SE0013927845 
DK0061378304 
SE0013249711 
FI4000317003 
NO0010899719 
SE0013927811 
DK0061373420 
SE0013249703 
FI4000317011 
NO0010899941 
SE0013927779 
DK0061388295 
SE0013249695 
DK0060996106 
NO0010899446 
SE0013927761 
DK0061383304 
SE0013249687 
DK0060996296 
NO0010899826 
SE0013927787 
DK0061371648 
SE0013249497 
DK0060996379 
NO0010899982 
SE0013927746 
DK0061376605 
SE0013249489 
DK0060996452 
NO0010899560 
SE0013927720 
DK0061401304 
SE0013249307 
DK0060996536 
NO0010899495 
SE0013927738 
DK0061386596 
SE0013249299 
DK0060996619 
NO0010899586 
SE0013927704 
DK0061381605 
SE0013248796 
DK0060996882 
NO0010899321 
SE0013927712 
DK0061396397 
SE0013248788 
DK0060996965 
NO0010899701 
SE0013927696 
DK0061391406 
SE0013248069 
DK0060997187 
NO0010899677 
SE0013927613 
DK0061391836 
SE0013247608 
DK0060997260 
NO0010899420 
SE0013927621 
DK0061401734 
SE0013247590 
DK0060997344 
NO0010899818 
SE0013927662 
DK0061396710 
SE0013240579 
DK0060997427 
NO0010899750 
SE0013927654 
DK0061377090 
SE0013240124 
DK0060997500 
NO0010899362 
SE0013927589 
DK0061372026 
SE0013240116 
DK0060997690 
NO0010899875 
SE0013927639 
DK0061386919 
SE0013240108 
DK0060997773 
NO0010899511 
SE0013927605 
DK0061382090 
SE0013240090 
DK0060997856 
NO0010899248 
SE0013927571 
DK0061402385 
SE0013239894 
DK0060997930 
NO0010899693 
SE0013927530 
DK0061397361 
SE0013239886 
DK0060998318 
NO0010899305 
SE0013927514 
DK0061380045 
SE0013239878 
DK0060998581 
NO0010899933 
SE0013927456 
DK0061375045 
SE0013238888 
DK0060998664 
NO0010899412 
SE0013927449 
DK0061404753 
SE0013238870 
DK0060998748 
NO0010900012 
SE0013927415 
DK0061389939 
SE0013238110 
DK0060998821 
NO0010900053 
SE0013927423 
DK0061385002 
SE0013238102 
DK0060998904 
NO0010899503 
SE0013927464 
DK0061399730 
SE0013238094 
DK0060999043 
NO0010899966 
SE0013927399 
DK0061394855 
SE0013238086 
DK0060999126 
NO0010899479 
SE0013927407 
DK0061395233 
SE0013243110 
DK0060999209 
NO0010899545 
DK0061190345 
DK0061390358 
SE0013243102 
DK0060999399 
NO0010899784 
DK0061190261 
DK0061405131 
SE0013243094 
DK0060999472 
NO0010899297 
DK0061190188 
DK0061380474 
SE0013243086 
DK0060999555 
NO0010899669 
DK0061189925 
DK0061385432 
SE0013242633 
DK0060999639 
NO0010899644 
DK0061189842 
DK0061405644 
SE0013242625 
DK0060999712 
SE0014818399 
DK0061189099 
DK0061385945 
SE0013242617 
DK0060999985 
NO0010900301 
DK0061188950 
DK0061395746 
SE0013242609 
DK0061000072 
NO0010900855 
DK0061188877 
DK0061390861 
SE0013242203 
DK0061000155 
NO0010900673 
DK0061188448 
DK0061375987 
SE0013242195 
DK0061000239 
SE0014818357 
DK0061188364 
DK0061370913 
SE0013242187

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
DK0061000312 
NO0010900269 
DK0061188281 
DK0061368859 
SE0013242179 
DK0061000585 
SE0014818761 
DK0061188018 
DK0061373776 
SE0013241809 
DK0061000668 
NO0010900616 
DK0061187986 
DK0061378650 
SE0013241791 
DK0061000742 
SE0014818316 
DK0061187713 
DK0061393964 
SE0013241783 
DK0061000825 
SE0014818274 
DK0061187044 
DK0061389186 
SE0013241775 
DK0061000908 
SE0014818720 
DK0061186905 
DK0061403946 
SE0013241627 
DK0061001047 
NO0010900533 
DK0061186822 
DK0061398922 
SE0013241619 
DK0061001120 
NO0010900426 
DK0061186749 
DK0061374154 
SE0013241601 
DK0061001203 
NO0010901069 
DK0061186665 
DK0061384112 
SE0013241593 
DK0061001393 
SE0014818233 
DK0061185774 
DK0061369238 
SE0013237781 
DK0061001476 
SE0014818688 
DK0061185691 
DK0061384625 
SE0013237765 
DK0061001559 
SE0014818647 
DK0061185501 
DK0061379625 
SE0013237773 
DK0061001633 
NO0010900384 
DK0061185428 
DK0061394426 
SE0013525656 
DK0061001716 
NO0010900939 
DK0061184611 
DK0061389509 
SE0013525664 
DK0061001989 
SE0014818191 
DK0061184538 
DK0061374667 
SE0013527132 
DK0061002011 
SE0014818142 
DK0061184454 
DK0061369741 
SE0013527157 
DK0061002284 
SE0014818597 
DK0061181781 
DK0061399300 
SE0013527140 
DK0061002367 
NO0010900814 
DK0061181948 
DK0061392644 
SE0013527280 
DK0061002441 
NO0010900665 
DK0061181005 
DK0061402625 
SE0013527124 
DK0061002524 
NO0010900772 
DK0061181351 
DK0061397601 
SE0013527272 
DK0061002607 
NO0010900517 
DK0061181518 
DK0061372885 
SE0013527538 
DK0061002797 
SE0014818100 
DK0061181278 
DK0061382843 
SE0013527546 
DK0061002870 
SE0014818555 
DK0061180973 
DK0061377843 
SE0013527553 
DK0061002953 
SE0014818514 
DK0061181435 
DK0061398096 
SE0013527561 
DK0061003092 
NO0010900731 
DK0061181195 
DK0061393022 
SE0013527850 
DK0061003175 
NO0010901036 
DK0061181864 
DK0061403003 
SE0013527868 
DK0061003258 
SE0014818068 
DK0061179611 
DK0061383221 
SE0013527884 
DK0061003332 
NO0010900970 
DK0061179538 
DK0061378221 
SE0013527876 
DK0061003415 
SE0014818027 
DK0061179454 
DK0061388105 
SE0013527991 
DK0061003688 
SE0014818472 
DK0061179108 
DK0061373347 
SE0013528007 
DK0061003845 
NO0010900574 
DK0061178803 
DK0061403433 
SE0013528247 
DK0061003761 
SE0014818431 
DK0061179371 
DK0061388535 
SE0013528254 
DK0061003928 
NO0010900442 
DK0061179298 
DK0061398419 
SE0013528692 
SE0011170372 
NO0010900913 
DK0061179025 
DK0061393451 
SE0013528684 
SE0011170380 
SE0014818407 
DK0061178993 
DK0061391323 
SE0013542438 
SE0011170398 
NO0010900319 
DK0061177326 
DK0061386406 
SE0013542420 
SE0011170406 
NO0010900863 
DK0061177169 
DK0061396207 
SE0013543881 
SE0011170414 
NO0010900699 
DK0061177086 
DK0061371564 
SE0013543873 
SE0011170422 
SE0014818365 
DK0061176351 
DK0061381522 
SE0013543857 
SE0011170430 
NO0010900277 
DK0061176278 
DK0061376522 
SE0013543865 
SE0011170448 
SE0014818324 
DK0061177409 
DK0061406105 
SE0013543550 
SE0011170455 
NO0010900236 
DK0061176195 
DK0061401221 
SE0013543543 
SE0011170463 
NO0010900624 
DK0061177243 
DK0061376951 
SE0013543527 
SE0011170471 
SE0014818282 
SE0013926250 
DK0061386836 
SE0013543535 
SE0011170489 
SE0014818738 
SE0013926243 
DK0061381951 
SE0013542818 
SE0011170497 
NO0010900541 
SE0013926235 
DK0061371994 
SE0013542800

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
SE0011170505 
SE0014818696 
SE0013926227 
DK0061396637 
SE0013542792 
SE0011170513 
NO0010900434 
SE0013926219 
DK0061391752 
SE0013542784 
SE0011170562 
SE0014818241 
SE0013926201 
DK0061401650 
SE0013542156 
SE0011170570 
SE0014818209 
SE0013925575 
DK0061372372 
SE0013542149 
SE0011170547 
SE0014818654 
SE0013925567 
DK0061397288 
SE0013541703 
SE0011170554 
NO0010900392 
SE0013925559 
DK0061387214 
SE0013541695 
SE0011170596 
NO0010900962 
SE0013925534 
DK0061382330 
SE0013541091 
SE0011170588 
SE0014818159 
SE0013925476 
DK0061392131 
SE0013541083 
SE0011170620 
SE0014818605 
SE0013925518 
FI4000461744 
SE0013537479 
SE0011170638 
NO0010900343 
SE0013925492 
FI4000461785 
SE0013537461 
SE0011170646 
NO0010900707 
SE0013925484 
FI4000461587 
SE0013537453 
SE0011170661 
NO0010900780 
SE0013925468 
FI4000461546 
SE0013537446 
SE0011170687 
NO0010900558 
SE0013925526 
FI4000461793 
SE0013537438 
SE0011170752 
SE0014818118 
SE0013925385 
FI4000461777 
SE0013537420 
SE0011170703 
SE0014818563 
SE0013925401 
FI4000461579 
SE0013537412 
SE0011170828 
SE0014818076 
SE0013925393 
FI4000461827 
SE0013537404 
SE0011170653 
SE0014818522 
SE0013925542 
FI4000461769 
SE0013537396 
SE0011170737 
NO0010900749 
SE0013925377 
FI4000461603 
SE0013537388 
SE0011170802 
NO0010901051 
SE0013925369 
FI4000461561 
SE0013537370 
SE0011170695 
NO0010900988 
SE0013925500 
FI4000461819 
SE0013537362 
SE0011170778 
SE0014818035 
DK0061170826 
FI4000461553 
SE0013537354 
SE0011170711 
SE0014818480 
DK0061170743 
FI4000461801 
SE0013537347 
SE0011170851 
NO0010900590 
DK0061173689 
FI4000461751 
SE0013537339 
SE0011170729 
SE0014818449 
DK0061172954 
FI4000461595 
SE0013535242 
SE0011170877 
NO0010900467 
DK0061172871 
FI4000459854 
SE0013535234 
SE0011170679 
NO0010900921 
DK0061170586 
FI4000458302 
SE0013535226 
SE0011171008 
NO0010900285 
DK0061170313 
FI4000461181 
SE0013535218 
SE0011170604 
NO0010900715 
DK0061170230 
FI4000460738 
SE0013535937 
SE0011170760 
SE0014818373 
DK0061170909 
FI4000458757 
SE0013535929 
SE0011170612 
SE0014818332 
DK0061170669 
FI4000458260 
SE0013535911 
SE0011170844 
NO0010900244 
DK0061171048 
FI4000461140 
SE0013535903 
SE0011170786 
NO0010900640 
SE0013925070 
FI4000459813 
SE0013535895 
SE0011170794 
SE0014818290 
SE0013925054 
FI4000459656 
SE0013535887 
SE0011171057 
SE0014818746 
SE0013925062 
FI4000458674 
SE0013535879 
SE0011170810 
NO0010900566 
SE0013924727 
FI4000459771 
SE0013535861 
SE0011170745 
SE0014818704 
SE0013924701 
FI4000459615 
SE0013535549 
SE0011170893 
NO0010900459 
SE0013924487 
FI4000461108 
SE0013535523 
SE0011170836 
SE0014818258 
SE0013924693 
FI4000459730 
SE0013535200 
SE0011170919 
NO0010900996 
SE0013924347 
FI4000460183 
SE0013535531 
SE0011170869 
SE0014818217 
SE0013924545 
FI4000461066 
SE0013535499 
SE0011170901 
SE0014818662 
SE0013924537 
FI4000458633 
SE0013535515 
SE0011171040 
NO0010900400 
SE0013924495 
FI4000459086 
SE0013535507 
SE0011170984 
NO0010900350 
SE0013924602 
FI4000460142 
SE0013535192 
SE0011170927 
NO0010900848 
SE0013924370 
FI4000458591 
SE0013534914 
SE0011170935 
SE0014818167 
SE0013924719 
FI4000461025 
SE0013534898 
SE0011170943 
SE0014818613 
SE0013924552 
FI4000459698 
SE0013534740

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
SE0011171081 
SE0014818126 
SE0013924420 
FI4000459532 
SE0013534732 
SE0011170950 
SE0014818571 
SE0013924404 
FI4000459490 
SE0013534906 
SE0011170968 
NO0010900798 
SE0013924628 
FI4000459003 
SE0013534716 
SE0011170976 
NO0010900608 
SE0013924610 
FI4000460100 
SE0013534880 
SE0011171230 
NO0010901077 
SE0013924123 
FI4000458559 
SE0013534690 
SE0011171016 
SE0014818084 
SE0013924339 
FI4000460985 
SE0013534724 
SE0011171024 
SE0014818530 
SE0013924321 
FI4000459433 
SE0013534708 
SE0011171115 
NO0010900756 
SE0013924065 
FI4000458542 
SE0013533536 
SE0011171180 
NO0010900681 
SE0013924503 
FI4000459425 
SE0013533528 
SE0011171123 
NO0010901002 
SE0013923851 
FI4000458997 
SE0013533502 
SE0011171065 
SE0014818043 
SE0013923844 
FI4000460092 
SE0013533486 
SE0011171156 
SE0014818498 
SE0013923836 
FI4000459482 
SE0013533510 
SE0011171099 
SE0014818456 
SE0013924008 
FI4000460977 
SE0013533551 
SE0011171107 
NO0010900491 
SE0013923794 
FI4000458500 
SE0013533544 
SE0011171032 
NO0010900947 
SE0013924198 
FI4000458955 
SE0013533494 
SE0011170885 
NO0010900889 
SE0013924180 
FI4000459383 
SE0013534427 
SE0011171131 
SE0014818415 
SE0013924172 
FI4000459441 
SE0013534419 
SE0011171222 
NO0010900327 
SE0013924164 
FI4000460894 
SE0013534435 
SE0011171073 
SE0014818381 
SE0013923968 
FI4000459342 
SE0013534401 
SE0011171172 
NO0010900293 
SE0013923786 
FI4000458914 
SE0013533973 
SE0011171198 
NO0010900830 
SE0013923778 
FI4000460019 
SE0013533965 
SE0011171206 
SE0014818340 
SE0013923760 
FI4000458468 
SE0013533957 
SE0011171214 
NO0010900251 
SE0013920642 
FI4000458427 
SE0013533940 
SE0011171149 
NO0010900657 
SE0013920543 
FI4000459300 
SE0013533387 
SE0011171248 
SE0014818753 
SE0013920345 
FI4000459979 
SE0013533379 
SE0011171164 
NO0010900582 
SE0013920295 
FI4000460852 
SE0013533361 
SE0011171263 
SE0014818308 
SE0013920220 
FI4000458831 
SE0013533353 
SE0011171271 
SE0014818266 
SE0013920337 
FI4000459268 
SE0013533155 
SE0011171255 
SE0014818712 
SE0013920659 
FI4000459938 
SE0013533148 
SE0011170992 
NO0010900475 
SE0013920634 
FI4000460811 
SE0013533130 
SE0011171297 
NO0010900418 
SE0013920626 
FI4000461223 
SE0013533122 
SE0011171289 
NO0010901028 
SE0013920618 
FI4000458799 
SE0013532553 
SE0011171305 
SE0014818225 
SE0013920600 
FI4000458344 
SE0013532546 
SE0011171396 
SE0014818670 
SE0013919891 
FI4000458765 
SE0013532512 
SE0011171362 
SE0014818639 
SE0013920535 
FI4000459862 
SE0013532504 
SE0011171370 
NO0010900376 
SE0013920287 
FI4000458310 
SE0013532538 
SE0011171388 
NO0010900905 
SE0013920238 
FI4000460746 
SE0013532520 
SE0011171446 
SE0014818183 
SE0013920048 
FI4000461199 
SE0013532330 
SE0011171412 
NO0010900368 
SE0013920550 
FI4000461157 
SE0013532348 
SE0011171420 
NO0010900871 
SE0013919859 
FI4000460704 
SE0013532322 
SE0011171438 
SE0014818175 
SE0013920014 
FI4000459821 
SE0013532314 
SE0011171479 
SE0014818621 
SE0013919842 
FI4000458278 
SE0013532058 
SE0011171461 
SE0014818589 
SE0013919990 
FI4000458682 
SE0013532041 
SE0011171586 
NO0010900806 
SE0013920105 
FI4000461116 
SE0013532033 
SE0011171545 
NO0010900632 
SE0013920097 
FI4000459789 
SE0013532025 
SE0011171529 
SE0014818134 
SE0013920089 
FI4000459623 
SE0013532017

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
SE0011171552 
NO0010901085 
SE0013920071 
FI4000459094 
SE0013532009 
SE0011171560 
SE0014818092 
SE0013920592 
FI4000460191 
SE0013531738 
SE0011171578 
SE0014818548 
SE0013919875 
FI4000458641 
SE0013531720 
SE0011171404 
NO0010900764 
SE0013920030 
FI4000459581 
SE0013531712 
SE0011171453 
NO0010900723 
SE0013920568 
FI4000461074 
SE0013531704 
SE0011171537 
NO0010901010 
SE0013919362 
FI4000459540 
SE0013531498 
FI4000316088 
SE0014818050 
SE0013920006 
FI4000461033 
SE0013531506 
FI4000316096 
SE0014818506 
SE0013919826 
FI4000458609 
SE0013531514 
FI4000316104 
SE0014818019 
SE0013920527 
FI4000459706 
SE0013921459 
FI4000316112 
SE0014818464 
SE0013919727 
FI4000460159 
SE0013921442 
FI4000316120 
NO0010900525 
SE0013919685 
FI4000458567 
SE0013921434 
FI4000315932 
NO0010900954 
SE0013919800 
FI4000459011 
SE0013921426 
FI4000315940 
NO0010900897 
SE0013920519 
FI4000460118 
SE0013921418 
FI4000315957 
SE0014818423 
SE0013920501 
FI4000460993 
SE0013921400 
FI4000315965 
NO0010900335 
SE0013919693 
FI4000459664 
SE0013921269 
FI4000316021 
NO0010901267 
SE0013919677 
FI4000459508 
SE0013921251 
FI4000316039 
NO0010901648 
SE0013919636 
FI4000459391 
SE0013921236 
FI4000316047 
NO0010901341 
SE0013919628 
FI4000460068 
SE0013921244 
FI4000316054 
NO0010901697 
SE0013919610 
FI4000459458 
SE0013921228 
FI4000316062 
NO0010901416 
SE0013919602 
FI4000458518 
SE0013921210 
FI4000316070 
NO0010901309 
SE0013919594 
FI4000458963 
SE0013921202 
FI4000316179 
NO0010901747 
SE0013920311 
FI4000458476 
SE0013921194 
FI4000316187 
NO0010901507 
SE0013920303 
FI4000458922 
SE0013921145 
FI4000316161 
NO0010901820 
SE0013919388 
FI4000460027 
SE0013921137 
FI4000316195 
NO0010901606 
SE0013919370 
FI4000460902 
SE0013921020 
FI4000316203 
NO0010901556 
SE0013919503 
FI4000459359 
SE0013921012 
FI4000316153 
NO0010901788 
SE0013920022 
FI4000459987 
SE0013920907 
FI4000316252 
NO0010901960 
SE0013919834 
FI4000458435 
SE0013920899 
FI4000316260 
NO0010901366 
SE0013919479 
FI4000460860 
SE0013920824 
FI4000316278 
NO0010902042 
SE0013919461 
FI4000459318 
SE0013920816 
FI4000316294 
NO0010901457 
SE0013919818 
FI4000458849 
SE0013920808 
FI4000316245 
NO0010901408 
SE0013919412 
FI4000458393 
SE0013921830 
FI4000316336 
NO0010902000 
SE0013919883 
FI4000459276 
SE0013921822 
FI4000316286 
NO0010902091 
SE0013919867 
FI4000459946 
SE0013921814 
FI4000316351 
NO0010901887 
SE0013919487 
FI4000460829 
SE0013921806 
FI4000316377 
NO0010901846 
SE0013919305 
FI4000458351 
SE0013921681 
FI4000316385 
NO0010902059 
SE0013919297 
FI4000458807 
SE0013921665 
FI4000316393 
NO0010901929 
SE0013919289 
FI4000461231 
SE0013921657 
FI4000316344 
NO0010901192 
SE0013919271 
FI4000459904 
SE0013921640 
FI4000316369 
NO0010901630 
SE0013919263 
FI4000458328 
SE0013921632 
FI4000316401 
NO0010901259 
SE0013919792 
FI4000458773 
SE0013921673 
FI4000316419 
NO0010901333 
SE0013919784 
FI4000458732 
SE0013918851 
FI4000316427 
NO0010901598 
SE0013919776 
FI4000459839 
SE0013918844 
FI4000316500 
NO0010901176 
SE0013919768 
FI4000458286 
SE0013918836 
FI4000316518 
NO0010901689 
SE0013919701 
FI4000460712 
SE0013918828 
FI4000316492 
NO0010901358 
SE0013919404 
FI4000461165 
SE0013918810

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
FI4000316526 
NO0010901770 
SE0013919495 
FI4000459631 
SE0013918802 
FI4000316567 
NO0010901549 
SE0013919735 
FI4000458690 
SE0013918794 
FI4000316534 
NO0010901739 
SE0013919719 
FI4000459797 
SE0013918786 
FI4000316575 
NO0010901499 
SE0013919396 
FI4000458245 
SE0013918778 
FI4000316542 
NO0010901812 
SE0013919255 
FI4000461124 
SE0013918760 
FI4000316559 
NO0010901580 
SE0013919743 
FI4000461082 
SE0013918752 
NO0010824360 
NO0010901390 
SE0013917853 
FI4000459755 
SE0013918745 
NO0010824667 
NO0010901994 
SE0013917846 
FI4000459599 
SE0013918737 
NO0010824774 
NO0010901952 
SE0013917838 
FI4000460209 
SE0013918729 
NO0010824253 
NO0010901226 
SE0013917820 
FI4000458658 
SE0013918711 
NO0010824501 
NO0010902034 
SE0013917812 
FI4000460167 
SE0013918703 
NO0010824444 
NO0010901440 
SE0013917887 
FI4000458617 
SE0013918406 
NO0010824824 
NO0010902083 
SE0013917879 
FI4000459714 
SE0013918398 
NO0010824345 
NO0010901879 
SE0013917895 
FI4000459557 
SE0013918380 
NO0010824683 
NO0010901184 
SE0013917978 
FI4000461041 
SE0013918372 
NO0010824881 
NO0010901655 
SE0013917960 
FI4000458575 
SE0013918364 
NO0010824626 
NO0010901911 
SE0013917945 
FI4000459672 
SE0013918356 
NO0010824436 
NO0010902125 
SE0013917952 
FI4000460126 
SE0013918331 
NO0010824485 
NO0010901283 
SE0013917531 
FI4000459516 
SE0013918349 
NO0010824493 
NO0010901671 
SE0013917523 
FI4000461009 
SE0013918323 
NO0010824790 
NO0010901622 
SE0013917515 
FI4000458971 
SE0013918315 
NO0010824725 
NO0010901242 
SE0013917507 
FI4000460076 
SE0013918307 
NO0010824246 
NO0010901531 
SE0013917499 
FI4000458526 
SE0013918299 
NO0010824642 
NO0010901325 
SE0013917481 
FI4000460951 
SE0013918281 
NO0010824543 
NO0010901168 
SE0013917473 
FI4000459409 
SE0013918273 
NO0010824659 
NO0010901762 
SE0013917465 
FI4000459466 
SE0013918265 
SE0011171628 
NO0010901523 
SE0013917457 
FI4000460910 
SE0013918257 
SE0011171636 
NO0010901481 
SE0013917440 
FI4000458930 
SE0013918240 
SE0011171644 
NO0010901804 
SE0013917432 
FI4000458484 
SE0013918232 
SE0011171651 
NO0010901572 
SE0013917424 
FI4000459367 
SE0013918224 
SE0011171669 
NO0010901986 
SE0013917416 
FI4000460035 
SE0013918216 
SE0011171677 
NO0010901382 
SE0013917408 
FI4000459326 
SE0013918190 
SE0011171685 
NO0010902026 
NO0010883754 
FI4000459995 
SE0013918208 
SE0011171743 
NO0010901432 
NO0010883762 
FI4000460878 
SE0013918182 
SE0011171792 
NO0010901861 
NO0010883770 
FI4000458443 
SE0013918174 
SE0011171800 
NO0010902075 
NO0010883788 
FI4000458898 
SE0013918166 
SE0011171818 
NO0010901218 
NO0010883796 
FI4000458856 
SE0013918158 
SE0011171826 
NO0010901945 
NO0010883804 
FI4000459953 
SE0013918141 
SE0011171834 
NO0010901903 
NO0010883812 
FI4000458401 
SE0013918133 
SE0011171842 
NO0010902117 
NO0010883820 
FI4000460837 
SE0014433652 
SE0011171859 
NO0010901275 
NO0010883838 
FI4000459284 
SE0014433660 
SE0011171867 
NO0010901663 
NO0010883929 
FI4000458815 
SE0014433678 
DK0061004496 
NO0010901234 
NO0010883937 
FI4000458369 
SE0014433686 
DK0061004579 
NO0010901614 
NO0010883945 
FI4000459243 
SE0014433819 
DK0061004652 
NO0010901705 
NO0010883952 
FI4000459912 
SE0014433827 
DK0061004736 
NO0010901473 
NO0010883960 
FI4000460795 
SE0014433843

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
DK0061005543 
NO0010901317 
NO0010883978 
FI4000461207 
SE0014433835 
DK0061005626 
NO0010901754 
NO0010883994 
FI4000459870 
SE0014433850 
DK0061005709 
NO0010901515 
NO0010883986 
FI4000460753 
SE0014433868 
DK0061005899 
NO0010901796 
NO0010884000 
FI4000460720 
SE0014433876 
DK0061005972 
NO0010901564 
NO0010884018 
FI4000458294 
SE0014433884 
DK0061006004 
NO0010901374 
NO0010884026 
FI4000458740 
SE0014434056 
DK0061006194 
NO0010901978 
SE0013917192 
FI4000461173 
SE0014434080 
DK0061006277 
NO0010901465 
SE0013917184 
FI4000459847 
SE0014434023 
DK0061006350 
NO0010902018 
SE0013917176 
FI4000459805 
SE0014434031 
DK0061006434 
NO0010901424 
SE0013917119 
FI4000458252 
SE0014434015 
DK0061006517 
NO0010901853 
SE0013917101 
FI4000459649 
SE0014434064 
DK0061006780 
NO0010902067 
SE0013917077 
FI4000461132 
SE0014434205 
DK0061007242 
NO0010901200 
SE0013917069 
FI4000458666 
SE0014434072 
DK0061007325 
NO0010901937 
SE0013917051 
FI4000459763 
SE0014434213 
DK0061007408 
NO0010901895 
SE0013917002 
FI4000460217 
SE0014434247 
DK0061007598 
NO0010902109 
SE0013916996 
FI4000459607 
SE0014434221 
DK0061007671 
NO0010902596 
SE0013916988 
FI4000459565 
SE0014434239 
DK0061007754 
NO0010902794 
SE0013916970 
FI4000459078 
SE0014434197 
DK0061007838 
NO0010902935 
SE0013916962 
FI4000460175 
SE0014434049 
FI4000316682 
NO0010902588 
SE0013916954 
FI4000458625 
SE0014434254 
FI4000316690 
NO0010902851 
SE0013916947 
FI4000461058 
SE0014434262 
FI4000316708 
NO0010902265 
SE0013916889 
FI4000459722 
SE0014434320 
NO0010825789 
NO0010902463 
SE0013916871 
FI4000459680 
SE0014434338 
NO0010825763 
NO0010902547 
SE0013916863 
FI4000459524 
SE0014434684 
NO0010825813 
NO0010902349 
SE0013916855 
FI4000461017 
SE0014434528 
NO0010825730 
NO0010902653 
SE0013916806 
FI4000460134 
SE0014434619 
NO0010826001 
NO0010902406 
SE0013916798 
FI4000458583 
SE0014434627 
NO0010825987 
NO0010902554 
SE0013916780 
FI4000458989 
SE0014434635 
NO0010825755 
NO0010902992 
SE0013916772 
FI4000460084 
SE0014434650 
NO0010826068 
NO0010902471 
SE0013916764 
FI4000460969 
SE0014434536 
NO0010826019 
NO0010902943 
SE0013916723 
FI4000459474 
SE0014434809 
NO0010825805 
NO0010902661 
SE0013916715 
FI4000460043 
SE0014434817 
NO0010825508 
NO0010903040 
SE0013916707 
FI4000458492 
SE0014434643 
NO0010825516 
NO0010902307 
SE0013916681 
FI4000460928 
SE0014434833 
NO0010826043 
NO0010902745 
SE0013916673 
FI4000459375 
SE0014434668 
NO0010826035 
NO0010902380 
SE0013916665 
FI4000458948 
SE0014434676 
NO0010825797 
NO0010902869 
SE0013916657 
FI4000458906 
SE0014434957 
NO0010825870 
NO0010902760 
SE0013916640 
FI4000458450 
SE0014434965 
NO0010826050 
NO0010902844 
SE0013916632 
FI4000459334 
SE0014434973 
NO0010825417 
NO0010902539 
SE0013916624 
FI4000460001 
SE0014434981 
NO0010825433 
NO0010902778 
SE0013916616 
FI4000460886 
SE0014434825 
NO0010825961 
NO0010902927 
SE0013916608 
FI4000460845 
SE0014435038 
NO0010825524 
NO0010902232 
SE0013916590 
FI4000458419 
SE0014435236 
DK0061009883 
NO0010902430 
SE0013916582 
FI4000459292 
SE0014435178 
DK0061009966 
NO0010902752 
SE0013916566 
FI4000459961 
SE0014435186 
DK0061010543 
NO0010903073 
SE0013916558 
FI4000459920 
SE0014435046

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
DK0061010626 
NO0010902364 
SE0013916541 
FI4000458377 
SE0014435202 
DK0061010709 
NO0010902604 
SE0013916533 
FI4000460803 
SE0014435160 
DK0061010972 
NO0010902513 
SE0013916525 
FI4000458823 
SE0014435293 
DK0061010899 
NO0010902984 
SE0013916517 
FI4000458781 
SE0014435327 
DK0061011004 
NO0010902638 
SE0013916509 
FI4000459888 
SE0014435210 
DK0061011194 
NO0010903032 
SE0013916491 
FI4000458336 
SE0014435228 
DK0061011277 
NO0010902281 
SE0013916483 
FI4000461215 
SE0014435319 
DK0061011350 
NO0010902448 
SE0013916434 
FI4000460761 
SE0014435194 
DK0061011947 
NO0010902919 
SE0013916426 
NO0010911480 
SE0014435301 
DK0061012085 
NO0010902356 
SE0013916418 
NO0010910516 
SE0014435442 
DK0061012168 
NO0010902836 
SE0013916400 
NO0010910318 
SE0014435467 
DK0061012242 
NO0010902711 
SE0013916392 
NO0010909047 
SE0014435475 
DK0061012325 
NO0010902828 
SE0014430096 
NO0010911449 
SE0014435459 
DK0061012408 
NO0010902893 
SE0014430104 
NO0010909724 
SE0014444030 
DK0061012598 
NO0010902679 
SE0014430112 
NO0010910276 
SE0014444048 
DK0061012671 
NO0010902422 
SE0014430260 
NO0010910029 
SE0014444055 
DK0061012754 
NO0010902497 
SE0014430427 
NO0010910557 
SE0014444063 
DK0061012838 
NO0010902737 
SE0014430435 
NO0010909302 
SE0014444071 
DK0061013133 
NO0010902323 
SE0014430443 
NO0010909088 
SE0014444089 
DK0061013216 
NO0010902562 
SE0014430450 
NO0010910763 
SE0014441440 
DK0061013489 
NO0010902505 
SE0014430468 
NO0010910896 
SE0014441457 
DK0061013562 
NO0010902976 
SE0014430476 
NO0010910680 
SE0014441465 
DK0061013646 
NO0010902729 
SE0014430484 
NO0010909229 
SE0014441705 
DK0061013729 
NO0010903065 
SE0014430492 
NO0010909005 
SE0014441713 
DK0061013802 
NO0010902612 
SE0014430500 
NO0010909476 
SE0014441721 
DK0061013992 
NO0010903024 
SE0014430237 
NO0010909260 
SE0014441739 
DK0061014024 
NO0010902331 
SE0014430310 
NO0010911613 
SE0014441747 
DK0061014297 
NO0010902273 
SE0014430328 
NO0010909682 
SE0014441879 
DK0061014107 
NO0010902414 
SE0014430336 
NO0010910854 
SE0014441887 
DK0061014370 
NO0010902901 
SE0014430682 
NO0010909609 
SE0014441895 
DK0061014453 
NO0010902802 
SE0014430674 
NO0010909393 
SE0014441903 
DK0061014537 
NO0010902810 
SE0014430690 
NO0010909187 
SE0014441911 
DK0061014610 
NO0010902646 
SE0014430708 
NO0010909906 
SE0014441929 
DK0061014883 
NO0010902240 
SE0014430716 
NO0010911407 
SE0014441937 
DK0061014966 
NO0010902877 
SE0014430724 
NO0010910441 
SE0014441945 
DK0061015187 
NO0010902372 
SE0014430666 
NO0010910235 
SE0014442109 
DK0061015260 
NO0010902620 
SE0014430849 
NO0010908965 
SE0014442117 
DK0061015344 
NO0010902455 
SE0014430856 
NO0010911787 
SE0014442125 
DK0061015427 
NO0010902695 
SE0014430898 
NO0010909849 
SE0014442133 
DK0061015500 
NO0010902299 
SE0014430864 
NO0010909641 
SE0014442141 
DK0061015690 
NO0010902521 
SE0014430906 
NO0010909435 
SE0014442158 
DK0061015773 
NO0010902570 
SE0014430963 
NO0010910193 
SE0014442166 
DK0061015856 
NO0010903008 
SE0014430971 
NO0010909948 
SE0014442174 
DK0061015930 
NO0010902489 
SE0014431037 
NO0010909567 
SE0014442430 
DK0061016078 
NO0010902968 
SE0014431060 
NO0010910110 
SE0014442448 
DK0061016151 
NO0010902687 
SE0014431052 
NO0010911704 
SE0014442455

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
DK0061016235 
NO0010903057 
SE0014431078 
NO0010909765 
SE0014442463 
DK0061016318 
NO0010902315 
SE0014431045 
NO0010910813 
SE0014442596 
DK0061016581 
NO0010902786 
SE0014431136 
NO0010911589 
SE0014442604 
DK0061016664 
NO0010902257 
SE0014431086 
NO0010910607 
SE0014442612 
DK0061008216 
NO0010902398 
SE0014431193 
NO0010910409 
SE0014442620 
DK0061008489 
NO0010902885 
SE0014431144 
NO0010909138 
SE0014442745 
DK0061008562 
NO0010903719 
SE0014431177 
NO0010908924 
SE0014442752 
DK0061008646 
NO0010904204 
SE0014431227 
NO0010910151 
SE0014442760 
DK0061008992 
NO0010904121 
SE0014431201 
NO0010908882 
SE0014442778 
DK0061009024 
NO0010904352 
SE0014431235 
NO0010911548 
SE0014442935 
DK0061009107 
NO0010904394 
SE0014431391 
NO0010909807 
SE0014442943 
DK0061009297 
NO0010904162 
SE0014431409 
NO0010910367 
SE0014442950 
DK0061009370 
NO0010903669 
SE0014431433 
NO0010910565 
SE0014442968 
DK0061009453 
NO0010903578 
SE0014431722 
NO0010910300 
SE0014443214 
DK0061009537 
NO0010903610 
SE0014431441 
NO0010909039 
SE0014443222 
DK0061009610 
NO0010904311 
SE0014431557 
NO0010911472 
SE0014443230 
FI4000316773 
NO0010904279 
SE0014431714 
NO0010910508 
SE0014443248 
FI4000316781 
NO0010903743 
SE0014431615 
NO0010909856 
SE0014443404 
FI4000316799 
NO0010904444 
SE0014431649 
NO0010910755 
SE0014443412 
FI4000316807 
NO0010903487 
SE0014431482 
NO0010910540 
SE0014443420 
DK0061016748 
NO0010903768 
SE0014431706 
NO0010909294 
SE0014443438 
DK0061016821 
NO0010904238 
SE0014431938 
NO0010909070 
SE0014443594 
DK0061016904 
NO0010903628 
SE0014431946 
NO0010909211 
SE0014443602 
DK0061017043 
NO0010903396 
SE0014431631 
NO0010908999 
SE0014443610 
DK0061017126 
NO0010903701 
SE0014431573 
NO0010910672 
SE0014443628 
DK0061017209 
NO0010904196 
SE0014431839 
NO0010910474 
SE0014443636 
DK0061017399 
NO0010904113 
SE0014431607 
NO0010909716 
SE0014443644 
SE0011416163 
NO0010904386 
SE0014431847 
NO0010909500 
SE0014443651 
SE0011418953 
NO0010904154 
SE0014431953 
NO0010910268 
SE0014443669 
SE0011423417 
NO0010903651 
SE0014431789 
NO0010910011 
SE0014443800 
SE0011423359 
NO0010903446 
SE0014432159 
NO0010911431 
SE0014443818 
SE0011423599 
NO0010903602 
SE0014432167 
NO0010911605 
SE0014443826 
SE0011423482 
NO0010904303 
SE0014432043 
NO0010910714 
SE0014443834 
SE0011423425 
NO0010904345 
SE0014432175 
NO0010909468 
SE0014443842 
SE0011423367 
NO0010904261 
SE0014432183 
NO0010909252 
SE0014443859 
SE0011423375 
NO0010903792 
SE0014432233 
NO0010909179 
SE0014441432 
SE0011423409 
NO0010904436 
SE0014432241 
NO0010910847 
SE0014815130 
SE0011423433 
NO0010903461 
SE0014432258 
NO0010910631 
SE0014815171 
SE0011423441 
NO0010903750 
SE0014432332 
NO0010909385 
SE0014815213 
SE0011423581 
NO0010903552 
SE0014433199 
NO0010911399 
SE0014815254 
SE0011423458 
NO0010903370 
SE0014433207 
NO0010909674 
SE0014815072 
SE0011423466 
NO0010903560 
SE0014433215 
NO0010910433 
SE0014815114 
SE0011423490 
NO0010903693 
SE0014433355 
NO0010910227 
SE0014815163 
SE0011423631 
NO0010904188 
SE0014433363 
NO0010908957 
SE0014815205 
SE0011423649 
NO0010903735 
SE0014433413 
NO0010911779 
SE0014815247 
SE0011423516 
NO0010904220 
SE0014433421 
NO0010909831 
SE0014815064

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
SE0011423656 
NO0010904378 
SE0014435996 
NO0010909633 
SE0014815106 
SE0011423524 
NO0010904147 
SE0014436002 
NO0010909427 
SE0014815155 
SE0011423664 
NO0010903644 
SE0014436010 
NO0010910185 
SE0014815197 
SE0011423532 
NO0010903354 
SE0014436028 
NO0010909930 
SE0014815239 
SE0011423540 
NO0010903594 
SE0014435608 
NO0010911530 
SE0014815049 
SE0011423391 
NO0010904337 
SE0014435616 
NO0010909799 
SE0014815056 
SE0011423557 
NO0010903784 
SE0014435624 
NO0010910359 
SE0014815098 
SE0011423698 
NO0010904253 
SE0014435632 
NO0010910144 
SE0014815148 
SE0011423565 
NO0010904295 
SE0014435640 
NO0010908874 
SE0014815189 
SE0011423706 
NO0010903511 
SE0014435673 
NO0010911696 
SE0014815221 
SE0011423508 
NO0010903123 
SE0014435699 
NO0010909757 
SE0014815080 
SE0011423839 
NO0010903685 
SE0014435707 
NO0010909559 
SE0014815122 
SE0011423722 
NO0010903362 
SE0014435749 
NO0010910102 
SE0014816336 
SE0011423730 
NO0010904428 
SE0014435764 
NO0010910599 
SE0014816948 
SE0011423607 
NO0010903438 
SE0014435772 
NO0010910391 
SE0014815882 
SE0011423748 
NO0010904402 
SE0014435814 
NO0010909120 
SE0014816294 
SE0011423615 
NO0010904170 
SE0014435822 
NO0010908916 
SE0014816906 
SE0011423755 
NO0010903727 
SE0014435871 
NO0010911571 
SE0014816864 
SE0011423623 
NO0010904212 
SE0014435889 
NO0010910805 
SE0014815809 
SE0011423474 
NO0010904360 
SE0014435897 
NO0010911464 
SE0014816252 
SE0011423888 
NO0010904139 
SE0014435921 
NO0010909740 
SE0014817029 
SE0011423771 
NO0010903677 
SE0014435939 
NO0010910490 
SE0014815965 
SE0011423714 
NO0010903586 
SE0014435947 
NO0010910292 
SE0014816559 
SE0011423573 
NO0010903636 
SE0014436481 
NO0010910086 
SE0014815510 
SE0011423904 
NO0010904329 
SE0014436499 
NO0010909328 
SE0014815478 
SE0011423797 
NO0010903776 
SE0014436507 
NO0010911670 
SE0014816989 
SE0011423912 
NO0010904246 
SE0014436515 
NO0010910789 
SE0014815924 
SE0011423805 
NO0010904287 
SE0014436523 
NO0010909534 
SE0014816377 
SE0011423672 
NO0010903495 
SE0014436531 
NO0010910748 
SE0014815643 
SE0011423813 
NO0010904451 
SE0014436564 
NO0010910532 
SE0014816096 
SE0011423680 
NO0010904410 
SE0014436572 
NO0010909286 
SE0014816682 
SE0011423763 
NO0010903412 
SE0014436580 
NO0010909062 
SE0014817110 
SE0011423896 
FI4000444609 
SE0014436598 
NO0010911514 
SE0014816054 
SE0011423789 
SE0014818894 
SE0014436606 
NO0010910888 
SE0014816641 
SE0011423854 
DK0061343431 
SE0014436614 
NO0010911423 
SE0014815601 
SE0011423821 
FI4000444633 
SE0014436622 
NO0010910466 
SE0014817078 
SE0011423870 
SE0014818860 
SE0014436630 
NO0010910664 
SE0014816013 
DK0060958015 
SE0014818902 
SE0014449443 
NO0010909203 
SE0014816609 
DK0060958445 
FI4000444575 
SE0014449302 
NO0010908981 
SE0014816211 
DK0060959179 
SE0014818886 
SE0014449294 
NO0010911639 
SE0014815767 
DK0060958874 
FI4000444625 
SE0014449260 
NO0010909708 
SE0014817276 
DK0060957983 
SE0014818852 
SE0014449245 
NO0010909492 
SE0014817235 
DK0060958528 
DK0061343787 
SE0014449229 
NO0010910250 
SE0014816765 
DK0060958601 
FI4000444617 
SE0014449211 
NO0010910003 
SE0014815726 
DK0060958288 
FI4000444591 
SE0014449179 
NO0010910706 
SE0014817193 
DK0060959922 
DK0061343514 
SE0014449161 
NO0010909450 
SE0014816724

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
DK0060959849 
SE0014818878 
SE0014449104 
NO0010909245 
SE0014815684 
DK0060958791 
FI4000444583 
SE0014449062 
NO0010909021 
SE0014816138 
DK0060959252 
DK0061344082 
SE0014449054 
NO0010909419 
SE0014816930 
DK0060958361 
DK0061343944 
SE0014449047 
NO0010910177 
SE0014815874 
DK0060958957 
DK0061343860 
SE0014449039 
NO0010909922 
SE0014816286 
DK0060959765 
FI4000445234 
SE0014449021 
NO0010910870 
SE0014816898 
DK0060959096 
FI4000445200 
SE0014449013 
NO0010909625 
SE0014816856 
FI4000346184 
SE0014820049 
SE0014449005 
NO0010910839 
SE0014816245 
FI4000346192 
SE0014820080 
SE0014448999 
NO0010910623 
SE0014815791 
FI4000346200 
FI4000445267 
SE0014448981 
NO0010909377 
SE0014815544 
FI4000346218 
SE0014820098 
SE0014448973 
NO0010909161 
SE0014817052 
FI4000346226 
FI4000445192 
SE0014448965 
NO0010909963 
SE0014815999 
FI4000346242 
SE0014820031 
SE0014448957 
NO0010909872 
SE0014816583 
FI4000346275 
SE0014820072 
SE0014448940 
NO0010909666 
SE0014815957 
FI4000346291 
FI4000445291 
SE0014448932 
NO0010910219 
SE0014816542 
FI4000346309 
SE0014820114 
SE0014448924 
NO0010910425 
SE0014815502 
FI4000346317 
FI4000445226 
SE0014448916 
NO0010911522 
SE0014817011 
FI4000346382 
SE0014820064 
SE0014448882 
NO0010909781 
SE0014816369 
FI4000346390 
FI4000445242 
SE0014448817 
NO0010909583 
SE0014816971 
FI4000346408 
FI4000445283 
SE0014448809 
NO0010910342 
SE0014815916 
FI4000346416 
DK0061346889 
SE0014448791 
NO0010910136 
SE0014816088 
FI4000346424 
DK0061346376 
SE0014448783 
NO0010911688 
SE0014816674 
FI4000346432 
NO0010905342 
SE0014448684 
NO0010910797 
SE0014815635 
FI4000346440 
NO0010905300 
SE0014448676 
NO0010909336 
SE0014815593 
FI4000346457 
NO0010905227 
SE0014448668 
NO0010909542 
SE0014816047 
FI4000346465 
NO0010905185 
SE0014448650 
NO0010910094 
SE0014817102 
FI4000346473 
NO0010905292 
SE0014448643 
NO0010908908 
SE0014816633 
FI4000346481 
DK0061346293 
SE0014448635 
NO0010911563 
SE0014816591 
FI4000346499 
NO0010905334 
SE0014448627 
NO0010910581 
SE0014817060 
FI4000346515 
NO0010905250 
SE0014448619 
NO0010910383 
SE0014815551 
FI4000346549 
DK0061345725 
SE0014448569 
NO0010909112 
SE0014816005 
FI4000346531 
NO0010905219 
SE0014448551 
NO0010911498 
SE0014817268 
FI4000346507 
NO0010905177 
SE0014448528 
NO0010910730 
SE0014816203 
FI4000346556 
NO0010905284 
SE0014448510 
NO0010910524 
SE0014815759 
FI4000346564 
DK0061346533 
SE0014448502 
NO0010910326 
SE0014815718 
FI4000346572 
DK0061346103 
SE0014448494 
NO0010911456 
SE0014817227 
SE0011752781 
NO0010905367 
SE0014448486 
NO0010909732 
SE0014816757 
SE0011752799 
NO0010905326 
SE0014448478 
NO0010910482 
SE0014817185 
SE0011752807 
NO0010905243 
SE0014448437 
NO0010910284 
SE0014815676 
SE0011752815 
DK0061345642 
SE0014448429 
NO0010910037 
SE0014816120 
SE0011752823 
NO0010905201 
SE0014448411 
NO0010910771 
SE0014816922 
SE0011752831 
NO0010905359 
SE0014437026 
NO0010909526 
SE0014815866 
SE0011752849 
NO0010905318 
SE0014437042 
NO0010909310 
SE0014816880 
SE0011752856 
DK0061345998 
SE0014437133 
NO0010909096 
SE0014816278 
SE0011752864 
NO0010905235 
SE0014437067 
NO0010909054 
SE0014815783 
SE0011752872 
NO0010905193 
SE0014437141 
NO0010909013 
SE0014816237

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
SE0011752880 
SE0014823910 
SE0014437059 
NO0010910920 
SE0014816849 
SE0011752906 
SE0014823183 
SE0014437018 
NO0010910698 
SE0014817045 
SE0011752898 
SE0014823811 
SE0014437034 
NO0010909443 
SE0014815981 
SE0011752914 
SE0014823142 
SE0014437174 
NO0010909237 
SE0014816575 
SE0011752922 
SE0014823498 
SE0014437158 
NO0010910458 
SE0014815536 
SE0011752948 
SE0014823779 
SE0014437166 
NO0010910243 
SE0014816534 
SE0011752930 
SE0014823456 
SE0014437356 
NO0010908973 
SE0014817003 
SE0011752963 
SE0014823738 
SE0014437380 
NO0010911415 
SE0014815494 
SE0011752955 
SE0014823696 
SE0014437414 
NO0010910656 
SE0014815940 
SE0011752971 
SE0014824348 
SE0014437372 
NO0010911621 
SE0014815908 
SE0011753003 
SE0014823415 
SE0014437364 
NO0010909690 
SE0014816351 
SE0011753029 
SE0014824199 
SE0014437406 
NO0010909484 
SE0014816963 
SE0011752997 
SE0014823365 
SE0014437398 
NO0010909997 
SE0014817177 
SE0011752989 
SE0014823647 
NO0010888225 
NO0010910862 
SE0014816112 
SE0011753052 
SE0014823605 
NO0010888258 
NO0010909617 
SE0014816708 
SE0011753086 
SE0014824298 
NO0010888373 
NO0010909401 
SE0014816666 
SE0011753037 
SE0014823324 
NO0010888282 
NO0010909914 
SE0014815627 
SE0011753045 
SE0014823563 
NO0010888308 
NO0010909369 
SE0014816070 
SE0011753144 
SE0014824074 
NO0010888068 
NO0010909146 
SE0014817136 
SE0011753060 
SE0014824033 
NO0010887870 
NO0010908932 
SE0014816625 
SE0011753078 
SE0014823308 
NO0010888357 
NO0010909864 
SE0014817094 
SE0011753110 
SE0014823993 
NO0010888100 
NO0010909658 
SE0014816039 
SE0011753094 
SE0014823266 
NO0010887946 
NO0010910201 
SE0014816807 
SE0011753151 
SE0014823225 
NO0010887961 
NO0010909955 
SE0014817250 
SE0011753102 
SE0014823951 
NO0010887987 
NO0010911795 
SE0014816195 
SE0011753169 
SE0014823191 
NO0010888266 
NO0010911712 
SE0014816740 
SE0011753201 
SE0014823928 
NO0010888027 
NO0010909773 
SE0014817219 
SE0011753177 
SE0014823829 
NO0010888043 
NO0010909575 
SE0014816153 
SE0011753128 
SE0014823159 
NO0010888092 
NO0010910334 
SE0014815700 
SE0011753193 
SE0014823787 
NO0010888639 
NO0010910128 
SE0014815668 
SE0011753268 
SE0014823506 
NO0010888548 
NO0010911597 
SE0014815858 
SE0011753011 
SE0014823464 
NO0010888001 
NO0010910615 
SE0014816914 
SE0011753243 
SE0014823746 
NO0010887896 
NO0010910821 
SE0014816260 
SE0011753227 
SE0014824355 
NO0010888597 
NO0010911555 
SE0014816872 
SE0011753136 
SE0014823423 
NO0010887920 
NO0010909815 
SE0014815817 
SE0011753219 
SE0014823704 
NO0010888613 
NO0010910573 
SE0014815528 
SE0011753292 
SE0014823662 
NO0010888076 
NO0010910375 
SE0014815973 
SE0011753235 
SE0014824215 
NO0010888571 
NO0010910169 
SE0014816567 
SE0011753318 
SE0014823381 
NO0010888142 
NO0010908890 
SE0014817037 
SE0011753326 
SE0014823654 
NO0010888555 
SE0015227038 
SE0014816997 
SE0011753185 
SE0014824207 
NO0010888019 
SE0015226576 
SE0014815932 
DK0060965655 
SE0014823373 
NO0010888506 
FI4000457718 
SE0014816385 
DK0060965812 
SE0014824306 
NO0010888514 
SE0015227079 
SE0014815486 
DK0060966703 
SE0014823332 
NO0010888530 
SE0015226618 
SE0014816955 
SE0011753284 
SE0014823613 
NO0010888035 
FI4000457759 
SE0014815890 
DK0060966380 
SE0014823571 
NO0010888050 
SE0015227111 
SE0014816344

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
SE0011753300 
SE0014824082 
NO0010888084 
SE0015226659 
SE0014817169 
DK0060965739 
SE0014823530 
NO0010888183 
FI4000457791 
SE0014816690 
DK0060967438 
SE0014824041 
NO0010888209 
FI4000457593 
SE0014815650 
DK0060966034 
SE0014823274 
NO0010888480 
SE0015226907 
SE0014816104 
DK0060967511 
SE0014824009 
NO0010888167 
SE0015226956 
SE0014816658 
DK0060967784 
SE0014823969 
NO0010888712 
FI4000457635 
SE0014817128 
DK0060966117 
SE0014823233 
NO0010888746 
SE0015226998 
SE0014815619 
DK0060966893 
SE0014823936 
NO0010888761 
SE0015226535 
SE0014816062 
DK0060966976 
SE0014823209 
NO0010889017 
FI4000457924 
SE0014816021 
DK0060967008 
SE0014823167 
NO0010888274 
FI4000457478 
SE0014816617 
DK0060966463 
SE0014823837 
NO0010888290 
SE0015226444 
SE0014817086 
DK0060966547 
SE0014823795 
NO0010889025 
SE0015226824 
SE0014816831 
DK0060966620 
SE0014823514 
NO0010889033 
FI4000457965 
SE0014815775 
SE0011759323 
SE0014823753 
NO0010889066 
FI4000457510 
SE0014816229 
SE0011759331 
SE0014823472 
NO0010889074 
SE0015226485 
SE0014815734 
SE0011761741 
SE0014824363 
NO0010889082 
SE0015226865 
SE0014816799 
SE0011975036 
SE0014823431 
NO0010889090 
FI4000458005 
SE0014817243 
SE0011975093 
SE0014823712 
NO0010888431 
FI4000457551 
SE0014816187 
SE0011975101 
SE0014824223 
NO0010889108 
SE0015226329 
SE0014816146 
SE0011978956 
SE0014823399 
NO0010889116 
SE0015226709 
SE0014816732 
SE0011978964 
SE0014823670 
NO0010889124 
FI4000457841 
SE0014815692 
SE0011978972 
SE0014823621 
NO0010889132 
FI4000457395 
SE0014817201 
FI4000367925 
SE0014824314 
NO0010889140 
SE0015226360 
FI4000230933 
NO0010842719 
SE0014823340 
NO0010889157 
SE0015226741 
FI4000230941 
DK0060974996 
SE0014824090 
NO0010889165 
FI4000457882 
FI4000230958 
SE0011979269 
SE0014823589 
NO0010889181 
SE0015226402 
FI4000230966 
SE0012314698 
SE0014824058 
NO0010889199 
SE0015226782 
FI4000230974 
SE0012314706 
SE0014823548 
NO0010889207 
SE0015227020 
FI4000230990 
SE0012314714 
SE0014823282 
NO0010889223 
SE0015226568 
FI4000230982 
SE0012314730 
SE0014824017 
NO0010889231 
SE0015227061 
FI4000231006 
SE0012314748 
SE0014823977 
NO0010889249 
SE0015226600 
FI4000240502 
SE0012314722 
SE0014823241 
NO0010889256 
FI4000457742 
FI4000240510 
SE0012314813 
SE0014823944 
NO0010889264 
SE0015227103 
FI4000241815 
SE0012314821 
SE0014823217 
NO0010889272 
SE0015226642 
FI4000241823 
SE0012314839 
SE0014823902 
NO0010889280 
FI4000457783 
FI4000241831 
SE0012314847 
SE0014823175 
NO0010889306 
FI4000457627 
FI4000245477 
SE0012314854 
SE0014823522 
NO0010889314 
SE0015226527 
FI4000245485 
SE0012314862 
SE0014823803 
NO0010889322 
FI4000457668 
FI4000263546 
SE0012314870 
SE0014823480 
NO0010889348 
SE0015226980 
FI4000294152 
SE0012314888 
SE0014823761 
NO0010889355 
SE0015226436 
FI4000294160 
SE0012314896 
SE0014823720 
NO0010889363 
SE0015226816 
FI4000294178 
SE0012314904 
SE0014823449 
NO0010889371 
FI4000457957 
FI4000294442 
SE0012314912 
SE0014824330 
NO0010889389 
FI4000457502 
FI4000294459 
SE0012314920 
SE0014823407 
NO0010889397 
SE0015226477 
FI4000294467 
SE0012314938 
SE0014823688 
NO0010889405 
SE0015226857 
FI4000294475 
SE0012314946 
SE0014823357 
NO0010889413 
FI4000457999 
FI4000355029

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
SE0012314953 
SE0014823639 
NO0010889421 
FI4000457544 
FI4000355037 
SE0012314961 
SE0014824322 
NO0010889439 
SE0015226899 
FI4000355045 
SE0012314979 
SE0014823597 
NO0010889462 
FI4000457585 
FI4000355052 
SE0012314987 
SE0014824280 
NO0010889470 
SE0015226691 
FI4000355078 
SE0012314995 
SE0014823316 
NO0010889876 
FI4000457833 
FI4000355094 
SE0012315000 
SE0014824066 
NO0010889504 
FI4000457387 
FI4000355102 
SE0012315018 
SE0014823555 
NO0010889512 
SE0015226311 
FI4000355086 
SE0012315026 
SE0014824025 
SE0014438016 
SE0015226352 
FI4000355110 
SE0012315034 
SE0014823290 
SE0014438024 
SE0015226733 
FI4000356977 
SE0012315042 
SE0014823258 
SE0014438032 
FI4000457874 
FI4000356985 
SE0012315059 
SE0014823985 
SE0014438040 
SE0015226394 
FI4000356993 
SE0012315067 
DK0061350998 
SE0014438057 
SE0015226774 
FI4000359310 
SE0012315075 
NO0010905672 
SE0014438065 
FI4000457916 
FI4000359328 
SE0012315083 
DK0061351376 
SE0014438073 
FI4000457734 
FI4000359336 
SE0012315091 
FI4000454988 
SE0014438081 
SE0015227053 
FI4000359294 
SE0012315109 
DK0061347267 
SE0014438099 
SE0015226592 
FI4000359302 
SE0012315117 
DK0061347697 
SE0014438107 
SE0015227095 
FI4000366851 
SE0012315125 
DK0061353315 
SE0014438255 
SE0015226634 
FI4000366869 
SE0012315133 
DK0061352770 
SE0014438263 
FI4000457775 
FI4000366877 
SE0012315141 
FI4000455027 
SE0014438271 
FI4000457619 
FI4000371372 
SE0012315158 
NO0010905532 
SE0014438511 
SE0015226972 
FI4000371380 
SE0012315166 
DK0061353828 
SE0014438503 
FI4000457650 
FI4000371398 
SE0012315174 
NO0010905573 
SE0014438461 
SE0015227012 
FI4000371406 
SE0012315182 
FI4000455068 
SE0014438297 
SE0015226550 
FI4000371414 
SE0012315190 
DK0061348075 
SE0014438305 
FI4000457494 
FI4000372081 
SE0012315216 
DK0061353158 
SE0014438677 
SE0015226808 
FI4000372099 
SE0012315232 
DK0061351889 
SE0014438487 
SE0015226428 
FI4000372107 
SE0012315208 
DK0061348588 
SE0014438495 
FI4000457940 
FI4000372115 
SE0012315240 
FI4000455159 
SE0014438313 
SE0015226469 
FI4000372131 
SE0012315257 
NO0010905615 
SE0014438743 
SE0015226840 
FI4000374715 
SE0012315224 
FI4000455084 
SE0014438321 
FI4000457981 
FI4000374723 
SE0012315265 
DK0061348901 
SE0014438750 
FI4000457536 
FI4000374731 
SE0012315273 
DK0061352341 
SE0014438339 
SE0015226881 
FI4000374749 
SE0012315281 
FI4000455191 
SE0014438479 
FI4000457577 
FI4000383336 
SE0012315315 
FI4000455209 
SE0014438719 
SE0015226303 
FI4000383302 
SE0012315307 
DK0061349479 
SE0014438644 
SE0015226683 
FI4000383344 
SE0012315323 
SE0014825378 
SE0014438289 
FI4000457825 
FI4000383286 
SE0012315331 
DK0061354206 
SE0014438701 
SE0015226345 
FI4000383369 
SE0012315299 
DK0061354636 
SE0014438735 
SE0015226725 
FI4000383294 
SE0012315349 
NO0010905649 
SE0014438651 
FI4000457866 
FI4000383310 
SE0012315356 
DK0061350055 
SE0014438669 
SE0015226766 
FI4000383328 
SE0012315364 
DK0061355286 
SE0014438685 
FI4000457908 
FI4000383377 
SE0012315372 
FI4000454905 
SE0014438693 
SE0015226386 
FI4000383351 
SE0012315380 
FI4000454947 
SE0014438883 
SE0015227046 
FI4000380944 
SE0012315398 
DK0061350568 
SE0014438727 
SE0015226584 
FI4000380951 
SE0012315406 
DK0061355609 
SE0014438909 
FI4000457726 
FI4000380977

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
SE0012315414 
DK0061350808 
SE0014439063 
SE0015227087 
FI4000380969 
SE0012315422 
DK0061355955 
SE0014438917 
SE0015226626 
FI4000381454 
SE0012315430 
NO0010905664 
SE0014439071 
FI4000457767 
FI4000381462 
SE0012315448 
FI4000454970 
SE0014439089 
FI4000457809 
FI4000381488 
SE0012315455 
DK0061347184 
SE0014438933 
SE0015227129 
FI4000380209 
SE0012315463 
DK0061351293 
SE0014438859 
SE0015226667 
FI4000380217 
SE0012315471 
DK0061349982 
SE0014438941 
SE0015226915 
FI4000380225 
SE0012315497 
FI4000455019 
SE0014438867 
FI4000457601 
FI4000380233 
SE0012315513 
NO0010905524 
SE0014438875 
SE0015226964 
FI4000379474 
SE0012315505 
DK0061347507 
SE0014438891 
FI4000457643 
FI4000379466 
SE0012315521 
DK0061352697 
SE0014438925 
SE0015227004 
FI4000379490 
SE0012315539 
DK0061347937 
SE0014439477 
SE0015226543 
FI4000379516 
SE0012315547 
DK0061353745 
SE0014439428 
SE0015226410 
FI4000379508 
SE0012315554 
DK0061353075 
SE0014439436 
SE0015226790 
FI4000392410 
SE0012315562 
FI4000455050 
SE0014439444 
FI4000457932 
FI4000392402 
SE0012315570 
NO0010905565 
SE0014439451 
FI4000457486 
FI4000407804 
SE0012315588 
FI4000455142 
SE0014439469 
FI4000457973 
FI4000407788 
NO0010846397 
FI4000455076 
SE0014439485 
FI4000457528 
FI4000407176 
NO0010846389 
DK0061351616 
SE0014439493 
SE0015226451 
FI4000407168 
FI4000365267 
DK0061348315 
SE0014439527 
SE0015226832 
FI4000407150 
FI4000365291 
NO0010905607 
FI4000434006 
SE0015226493 
FI4000407143 
FI4000365309 
DK0061348828 
FI4000434014 
SE0015226873 
FI4000407135 
FI4000365275 
FI4000455183 
FI4000434030 
FI4000457569 
FI4000407127 
FI4000365317 
FI4000455118 
FI4000434048 
SE0015227137 
FI4000407119 
FI4000365325 
DK0061352267 
SE0014439501 
SE0015226675 
FI4000407101 
FI4000365283 
DK0061349396 
FI4000434022 
FI4000457817 
FI4000407093 
FI4000365382 
SE0014825360 
FI4000434154 
SE0015226337 
FI4000405147 
FI4000365333 
DK0061354123 
FI4000434147 
SE0015226717 
FI4000405139 
FI4000365341 
DK0061354552 
FI4000434162 
FI4000457858 
FI4000405121 
FI4000370028 
NO0010905631 
FI4000434170 
FI4000457403 
FI4000405113 
FI4000365390 
FI4000454897 
FI4000434196 
SE0015226378 
FI4000404710 
FI4000365366 
DK0061355013 
FI4000434188 
SE0015226758 
FI4000404702 
FI4000370010 
DK0061350485 
SE0014448056 
FI4000457890 
FI4000404694 
FI4000365374 
DK0061355526 
SE0014448031 
NO0010912009 
FI4000404686 
FI4000370051 
FI4000454939 
SE0014448007 
DK0061422573 
FI4000404678 
FI4000370085 
DK0061351103 
SE0014448080 
FI4000467352 
FI4000404660 
FI4000370036 
NO0010905698 
SE0014447934 
FI4000466909 
FI4000402888 
FI4000365358 
DK0061346962 
SE0014447751 
NO0010912249 
FI4000402870 
FI4000370044 
DK0061347424 
SE0014447900 
FI4000466867 
FI4000402862 
FI4000370101 
DK0061352507 
SE0014447884 
NO0010912207 
FI4000402854 
FI4000370143 
DK0061349719 
SE0014448072 
NO0010911969 
FI4000402847 
FI4000370069 
NO0010905516 
SE0014447868 
DK0061427028 
FI4000402839 
FI4000370077 
FI4000455001 
SE0014448049 
DK0061422144 
FI4000402821 
FI4000370135 
FI4000455043 
SE0014447835 
FI4000467311 
FI4000402813 
FI4000370119 
NO0010905557 
SE0014447827 
DK0061427960 
FI4000402805 
FI4000370168 
DK0061347853 
SE0014447819 
DK0061423035 
FI4000402797

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
FI4000370093 
DK0061352937 
SE0014447801 
FI4000467394 
FI4000402789 
FI4000370192 
DK0061353661 
SE0014448098 
FI4000466941 
FI4000402771 
FI4000370184 
DK0061354040 
SE0014447728 
NO0010912280 
FI4000402763 
FI4000370200 
DK0061351533 
SE0014447710 
NO0010912041 
FI4000402755 
FI4000370176 
FI4000455134 
SE0014447702 
SE0015227277 
FI4000402748 
FI4000370127 
NO0010905599 
SE0014447892 
DK0061426137 
FI4000402730 
FI4000370226 
DK0061348232 
SE0014447876 
FI4000467238 
FI4000438460 
FI4000370234 
FI4000455100 
SE0014447488 
DK0061421252 
FI4000438478 
FI4000370150 
DK0061352184 
SE0014447462 
FI4000466784 
FI4000438486 
FI4000370259 
DK0061348745 
SE0014447595 
NO0010912546 
FI4000438494 
FI4000370218 
FI4000455175 
SE0014447587 
SE0015227186 
FI4000438502 
FI4000370283 
DK0061349206 
SE0014447611 
NO0010912744 
FI4000438510 
FI4000370291 
SE0014825352 
SE0014447496 
NO0010912504 
FI4000438528 
FI4000370242 
DK0061349636 
SE0014447694 
DK0061426640 
FI4000438536 
FI4000370317 
DK0061354479 
SE0014447470 
DK0061421765 
FI4000438544 
FI4000370325 
NO0010905623 
SE0014447603 
FI4000467279 
FI4000438551 
FI4000370358 
DK0061354982 
SE0014447504 
FI4000466826 
FI4000438569 
FI4000370309 
FI4000454889 
FI4000432695 
NO0010912165 
FI4000438577 
FI4000370333 
DK0061355443 
FI4000432703 
SE0015227244 
FI4000438585 
FI4000370515 
DK0061350212 
FI4000432711 
DK0061424942 
FI4000438593 
FI4000370440 
FI4000454921 
FI4000432729 
FI4000467568 
FI4000438601 
FI4000370366 
DK0061355872 
FI4000432737 
FI4000467113 
FI4000438619 
FI4000370374 
FI4000454962 
FI4000432745 
NO0010912660 
FI4000438627 
FI4000370556 
DK0061350725 
FI4000432752 
NO0010912421 
FI4000438635 
FI4000370382 
DK0061351020 
FI4000432760 
SE0015227319 
FI4000432182 
FI4000370341 
NO0010905680 
FI4000432778 
DK0061425758 
FI4000432190 
FI4000370457 
NO0010905508 
FI4000432950 
DK0061420874 
FI4000432208 
FI4000370267 
FI4000454996 
FI4000432968 
FI4000467196 
FI4000432216 
FI4000370465 
DK0061347341 
FI4000432976 
DK0061425329 
FI4000432224 
FI4000370648 
DK0061351459 
FI4000432984 
FI4000467600 
FI4000432232 
DK0061036852 
DK0061352853 
FI4000432992 
FI4000467154 
FI4000432240 
FI4000370473 
DK0061353588 
FI4000433008 
NO0010912702 
FI4000432257 
FI4000370275 
NO0010905540 
FI4000433016 
NO0010912462 
FI4000432265 
FI4000370481 
FI4000455035 
FI4000433024 
DK0061428505 
FI4000432273 
FI4000370580 
DK0061347770 
FI4000433032 
DK0061423621 
FI4000432281 
FI4000370598 
DK0061348158 
FI4000433040 
FI4000467444 
FI4000432299 
FI4000370606 
DK0061353232 
FI4000433057 
FI4000466990 
FI4000432307 
FI4000370614 
DK0061353901 
FI4000433065 
NO0010912330 
FI4000432315 
FI4000370424 
FI4000455126 
SE0014447173 
NO0010912090 
FI4000432323 
FI4000370622 
NO0010905581 
SE0014447165 
NO0010912629 
FI4000432331 
FI4000370432 
FI4000455167 
SE0014447157 
NO0010912389 
FI4000432349 
FI4000370630 
FI4000455092 
SE0014447140 
DK0061429313 
FI4000432356 
DK0061039526 
DK0061348661 
SE0014447132 
DK0061424439 
FI4000430749 
FI4000370655 
DK0061351962 
SE0014447124 
FI4000467527 
FI4000430756 
FI4000370663 
DK0061352424 
SE0014446720 
FI4000467071 
FI4000430764 
FI4000370671 
DK0061349040 
SE0014446746 
FI4000467485 
FI4000430095

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
DK0061038122 
FI4000455217 
SE0014446738 
FI4000467030 
FI4000430103 
FI4000370689 
DK0061349123 
SE0014446621 
NO0010912587 
FI4000430111 
FI4000370499 
DK0061349552 
SE0014446613 
DK0061428935 
FI4000430129 
FI4000370390 
DK0061354396 
SE0014439618 
DK0061424009 
FI4000430137 
FI4000370507 
DK0061354719 
SE0014439626 
DK0061422490 
FI4000430145 
FI4000370408 
NO0010905656 
SE0014439667 
FI4000467345 
FI4000430152 
DK0061038478 
DK0061355369 
SE0014439725 
FI4000466891 
FI4000430160 
FI4000370416 
FI4000454913 
SE0014439733 
NO0010912231 
FI4000430178 
FI4000370523 
DK0061350139 
SE0014439816 
NO0010911993 
FI4000430186 
DK0061036779 
DK0061355799 
SE0014439824 
FI4000466933 
FI4000430194 
FI4000370531 
DK0061350642 
SE0014439873 
NO0010912272 
FI4000430202 
DK0061037827 
FI4000454954 
SE0014439881 
NO0010912033 
FI4000430210 
DK0061038718 
DK0061356920 
SE0014439899 
DK0061427887 
FI4000430228 
DK0061036936 
DK0061361920 
SE0014439907 
DK0061422813 
FI4000430236 
DK0061038981 
NO0010906308 
SE0014439915 
FI4000467386 
FI4000430244 
DK0061037074 
NO0010906316 
SE0014439923 
DK0061421179 
FI4000430251 
DK0061037157 
FI4000454525 
SE0014439931 
FI4000467220 
FI4000446059 
FI4000370572 
FI4000454343 
SE0014439964 
FI4000466776 
FI4000446018 
DK0061037231 
FI4000454269 
SE0014439972 
SE0015227194 
FI4000446042 
DK0061039369 
SE0014825626 
SE0014439980 
NO0010912538 
FI4000446000 
DK0061037314 
DK0061356094 
SE0014439998 
SE0015227285 
FI4000446075 
FI4000370697 
DK0061361094 
SE0014440012 
DK0061426053 
FI4000446034 
DK0061037587 
NO0010906225 
SE0014440020 
DK0061426996 
FI4000446091 
FI4000370705 
NO0010906233 
SE0014440038 
DK0061422060 
FI4000446067 
DK0061037660 
FI4000454483 
SE0014440046 
FI4000467303 
FI4000446083 
DK0061036696 
FI4000454301 
SE0014440053 
FI4000466859 
FI4000446026 
DK0061037744 
DK0061356417 
SE0014440061 
NO0010912199 
FI4000462106 
DK0061039799 
DK0061361417 
SE0014440079 
NO0010911951 
FI4000461256 
DK0060977239 
NO0010905904 
SE0014440087 
DK0061426566 
FI4000462148 
DK0061039872 
DK0061360609 
SE0014440152 
DK0061421682 
FI4000461298 
DK0061037900 
NO0010906035 
SE0014440228 
FI4000467261 
FI4000461330 
DK0061039955 
NO0010906852 
SE0014440236 
NO0010912157 
FI4000462189 
DK0061038049 
FI4000454228 
SE0014440244 
FI4000466818 
FI4000461983 
DK0061040029 
SE0014825584 
SE0014440269 
SE0015227152 
FI4000460431 
DK0061039286 
SE0014825683 
SE0014440251 
FI4000467550 
FI4000462023 
DK0061040102 
NO0010906910 
SE0014440277 
FI4000467105 
FI4000460472 
DK0061038205 
NO0010905995 
SE0014440285 
NO0010912652 
FI4000463179 
DK0061040292 
NO0010906811 
SE0014440293 
NO0010912413 
FI4000462064 
DK0061038395 
SE0014825543 
SE0014440301 
SE0015227251 
FI4000463211 
DK0061040375 
FI4000454186 
SE0014440319 
DK0061424868 
FI4000461868 
DK0060977908 
NO0010905862 
SE0014444188 
SE0015227327 
FI4000460316 
DK0060976348 
DK0061360286 
SE0014444303 
DK0061425675 
FI4000461462 
DK0060976421 
SE0014825451 
SE0014444337 
DK0061420791 
FI4000461900 
DK0061038635 
NO0010905771 
SE0014444329 
FI4000467188 
FI4000461504 
DK0060976504 
FI4000454723 
SE0014444287 
NO0010912736 
FI4000460357 
DK0060978203 
DK0061359197 
SE0014444394 
NO0010912496 
FI4000460399

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
DK0060976694 
NO0010905946 
SE0014444279 
NO0010912454 
FI4000461942 
DK0060978393 
NO0010906753 
SE0014444402 
DK0061425246 
FI4000462197 
DK0061039013 
FI4000454764 
SE0014444386 
FI4000467592 
FI4000461348 
DK0060995991 
SE0014825493 
SE0014444436 
FI4000467147 
FI4000462239 
DK0060976934 
NO0010905813 
SE0014444261 
NO0010912694 
FI4000461389 
DK0060996023 
DK0061359510 
SE0014444378 
DK0061428851 
FI4000460274 
DK0060977072 
NO0010906654 
SE0014444295 
DK0061423977 
FI4000461421 
DK0061039443 
NO0010906597 
SE0014444543 
FI4000467477 
FI4000462098 
DK0060977155 
NO0010905730 
SE0014444170 
FI4000467022 
FI4000461249 
DK0060998151 
FI4000454681 
SE0014444550 
DK0061428422 
FI4000462130 
DK0060978120 
DK0061358702 
SE0014444576 
DK0061423548 
FI4000461280 
DK0061039609 
DK0061363702 
SE0014444444 
FI4000467436 
FI4000462171 
DK0060977312 
SE0014825410 
SE0014444584 
NO0010912322 
FI4000461322 
DK0061034055 
NO0010906696 
SE0014444451 
NO0010912082 
FI4000461975 
DK0060977585 
DK0061363389 
SE0014444568 
DK0061429230 
FI4000460423 
DK0061034139 
NO0010906589 
SE0014444501 
DK0061424355 
FI4000463161 
DK0060977668 
NO0010906514 
SE0014444725 
FI4000467519 
FI4000462015 
DK0060976777 
FI4000454640 
SE0014444410 
FI4000467063 
FI4000460464 
DK0060977742 
FI4000454467 
SE0014444758 
NO0010912611 
FI4000462056 
DK0060976850 
DK0061358389 
SE0014444766 
NO0010912371 
FI4000460506 
DK0060977825 
NO0010906381 
SE0014444774 
NO0010912124 
FI4000463203 
DK0061034568 
NO0010906399 
SE0014444782 
NO0010912223 
FI4000461454 
DK0060998078 
FI4000454384 
SE0014444790 
NO0010911985 
FI4000461850 
DK0061034642 
FI4000454566 
SE0014444808 
DK0061427291 
FI4000461892 
DK0060978047 
DK0061357308 
SE0014444857 
DK0061422300 
FI4000460340 
DK0061034725 
DK0061362308 
SE0014444865 
FI4000467337 
FI4000461496 
DK0060998235 
NO0010906480 
SE0014444873 
FI4000466883 
FI4000461934 
DK0061034808 
NO0010906456 
SE0014444881 
DK0061423381 
FI4000460381 
DK0061036423 
FI4000454608 
DK0061307048 
FI4000466966 
FI4000461538 
DK0061034998 
DK0061357738 
DK0061307121 
NO0010912306 
FI4000462221 
DK0061036506 
FI4000454426 
DK0061307204 
NO0010912066 
FI4000461371 
DK0061035029 
DK0061362738 
DK0061307394 
DK0061428265 
FI4000460266 
DK0060995801 
FI4000454491 
DK0061307477 
DK0061427614 
FI4000461413 
DK0061035102 
NO0010906332 
DK0061308871 
FI4000467378 
FI4000460308 
DK0061034485 
NO0010906324 
DK0061308954 
FI4000466925 
FI4000462080 
DK0061035292 
FI4000454350 
DK0061309093 
NO0010912264 
FI4000463237 
DK0061035375 
FI4000454533 
DK0061309176 
NO0010912025 
FI4000462122 
DK0061035458 
DK0061357068 
DK0061309259 
NO0010912520 
FI4000461272 
DK0061035532 
DK0061362068 
DK0061309333 
SE0015227293 
FI4000462163 
DK0061035615 
DK0061361177 
DK0061309416 
DK0061425915 
FI4000461314 
DK0061035888 
SE0014825691 
DK0061309689 
DK0061421096 
FI4000460456 
DK0061035961 
NO0010906928 
DK0061309762 
FI4000467212 
FI4000462007 
DK0061034212 
SE0014825634 
DK0061309846 
NO0010912769 
FI4000463153 
DK0061036183 
FI4000454277 
DK0061309929 
DK0061426806 
FI4000462049 
DK0061036266 
DK0061356177 
DK0061310182 
DK0061421922 
FI4000463195 
DK0061036340 
NO0010906258 
DK0061310851 
FI4000467295 
FI4000460498

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
NO0010847502 
FI4000454319 
DK0061310935 
FI4000466842 
FI4000460332 
NO0010848211 
DK0061356680 
DK0061311073 
NO0010912181 
FI4000461488 
NO0010847619 
DK0061361680 
DK0061311156 
NO0010911944 
FI4000461884 
NO0010847924 
NO0010906241 
DK0061311230 
DK0061426483 
FI4000461926 
NO0010848203 
SE0014825659 
DK0061311313 
DK0061421419 
FI4000460373 
NO0010847916 
NO0010906894 
DK0061311586 
FI4000467253 
FI4000461520 
NO0010847767 
FI4000454236 
DK0061312634 
FI4000466800 
FI4000461967 
NO0010847791 
SE0014825592 
DK0061312717 
NO0010912140 
FI4000460415 
NO0010847593 
NO0010905912 
DK0061312980 
SE0015227160 
FI4000462213 
NO0010847643 
DK0061360799 
DK0061313012 
DK0061425162 
FI4000461363 
NO0010848104 
DK0061359866 
DK0061313285 
FI4000467584 
FI4000461918 
NO0010847544 
NO0010905961 
DK0061313368 
FI4000467139 
FI4000461512 
NO0010847478 
NO0010906787 
DK0061313442 
NO0010912686 
FI4000460365 
NO0010847437 
SE0014825519 
DK0061313525 
NO0010912447 
FI4000461405 
NO0010847783 
FI4000454152 
DK0061314689 
SE0015227228 
FI4000460258 
NO0010847551 
NO0010905839 
DK0061314762 
DK0061429669 
FI4000460407 
NO0010847403 
NO0010906001 
DK0061314846 
DK0061424785 
FI4000461959 
NO0010847999 
NO0010906829 
DK0061314929 
FI4000467543 
FI4000461470 
NO0010847858 
FI4000454194 
DK0061315066 
FI4000467097 
FI4000461876 
NO0010847650 
SE0014825550 
DK0061315140 
NO0010912645 
FI4000460324 
NO0010847742 
NO0010905870 
DK0061315223 
NO0010912405 
FI4000460290 
NO0010847940 
DK0061360369 
DK0061315306 
FI4000467170 
FI4000461843 
NO0010848187 
NO0010905789 
DK0061315496 
NO0010912728 
FI4000461447 
NO0010847726 
DK0061359270 
DK0061315579 
NO0010912488 
FI4000461264 
NO0010847528 
NO0010906712 
DK0061315652 
SE0015227335 
FI4000462114 
NO0010847510 
FI4000454731 
DK0061315736 
DK0061425592 
FI4000461439 
NO0010848047 
SE0014825469 
DK0061315819 
DK0061420601 
FI4000460282 
NO0010848070 
NO0010905953 
DK0061316031 
DK0061428778 
FI4000461835 
NO0010847395 
NO0010906779 
DK0061316114 
DK0061423894 
FI4000461355 
NO0010847833 
SE0014825501 
DK0061316387 
FI4000467469 
FI4000462205 
NO0010848088 
NO0010905821 
DK0061316460 
FI4000467014 
FI4000462155 
NO0010847973 
FI4000454145 
DK0061316544 
NO0010912116 
FI4000461306 
NO0010848179 
DK0061359783 
DK0061316627 
DK0061428349 
FI4000461397 
NO0010848054 
DK0061363892 
DK0061316700 
DK0061423464 
FI4000460241 
NO0010847882 
NO0010906662 
DK0061316890 
FI4000467428 
FI4000461991 
NO0010848096 
NO0010906613 
DK0061316973 
NO0010912314 
FI4000460449 
NO0010847601 
SE0014825428 
DK0061317005 
NO0010912074 
FI4000460480 
NO0010847908 
FI4000454699 
DK0061317195 
FI4000467055 
FI4000462031 
NO0010847585 
DK0061358892 
DK0061317278 
NO0010912603 
FI4000463187 
NO0010847692 
NO0010905748 
DK0061317351 
NO0010912363 
FI4000462072 
NO0010847817 
FI4000454434 
DK0061317435 
DK0061429156 
FI4000463229 
NO0010847825 
DK0061357811 
DK0061317518 
DK0061424272 
NO0010848195 
DK0061362811 
DK0061317781 
FI4000467501 
NO0010852395 
NO0010906522 
SE0014445292 
DK0061427531

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
ANNEX 1  
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP FOR 
THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 224 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
63
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Financial statements
Income statement .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 64
Statement of comprehensive income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 65
Balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 66
Statement of changes in equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  67
Cash flow statement . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  71
Notes to the financial statements
Accounting policies
G1	
Accounting policies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  73
Risk and Liquidity management
G2	
Risk and Liquidity management .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 95
Notes to the income statement
G3	
Segment reporting . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 124
G4	
Net interest income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128
G5	
Net fee and commission income . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129
G6	
Net result from items at fair value  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130
G7	
Other operating income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G8	
Staff costs  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G9	
Other expenses  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G10	 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G11	
Net loan losses .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G12	 Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
G13	 Earnings per share .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
Notes to the balance sheet and memorandum items
G14	 Loans and impairment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G15	 Interest-bearing securities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  139
G16	 Financial instruments pledged as collateral .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G17	 Shares .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G18	 Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked contracts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  139
G19	 Derivatives and hedge accounting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  140
G20	 Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G21	 Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  148
G22	 Properties and equipment . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  150
G23	 Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  151
G24	 Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G25	 Other assets . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G26	 Prepaid expenses and accrued income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G27	 Deposits by credit institutions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G28	 Deposits and borrowings from the public .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G29	 Liabilities to policyholders . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G30	 Debt securities in issue  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G31	 Other liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G32	 Accrued expenses and prepaid income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G33	 Provisions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G34	 Retirement benefit obligations . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155
G35	 Subordinated liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G36	 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities .  .  .  .  . 159
G37	 Other assets pledged  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G38	 Contingent liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  160
G39	 Commitments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160
Other notes
G40	 Classification of financial instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 161
G41	 Assets and liabilities at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  164
G42	 Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 174
G43	 Transferred assets and obtained collaterals . .  .  .  .  .  . 175
G44	 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 176
G45	 Related-party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G46	 Interests in structured entities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G47	 Country by country reporting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  180
G48	 Acquisitions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 181
Contents

--- Page 225 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
64
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
G4
4,318
4,491
Fee and commission income
3,931
3,846
Fee and commission expense
–920
–853
Net fee and commission income
G5
3,011
2,993
Net result from items at fair value 
G6
1,024
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
G20
50
124
Other operating income
G7
232
476
Total operating income
8,635
9,172
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
  Staff costs 
G8
–3,017
–2,998
  Other expenses
G9
–1,639
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
G10
–1,330
–482
Total operating expenses
–5,986
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
2,649
4,126
Net loan losses
G11
–536
–173
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Income tax expense
G12
–571
–872
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
1,519
3,070
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non–controlling interests
–3
4
Total
1,542
3,081
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
G13
0. 38
0. 76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
G13
0. 38
0. 76
Income statement

--- Page 226 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
65
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of comprehensive income
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences during the year
18
–240
Tax on currency translation differences during the year
1
–2
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–62
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
16
–19
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
21
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–4
11
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–37
–10
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
6
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
152
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–31
–159
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–170
–676
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
35
149
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during the year
G20
1
–
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during 
the year
0
–
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–15
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
2
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
–152
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
34
36
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–185
–326
Total comprehensive income 
1,357
2,755
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,334
2,744
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non-controlling interests
–3
4
Total 
1,357
2,755
1)  Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 227 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
66
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Balance sheet
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
G40
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks
G14
9,207
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
8,516
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
322,740
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
64,930
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
7,151
7,568
Shares
G17
14,184
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
30,799
24,583
Derivatives
G19
39,111
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
169
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
572
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
3,695
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
2,002
546
Investment properties
G24
1,585
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
487
164
Current tax assets
362
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
173
246
Other assets
G25
12,543
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
1,065
1,313
Total assets
554,848
551,408
Liabilities 
G40
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,304
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
168,725
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
31,859
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
19,246
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
193,726
190,422
Derivatives
G19
42,047
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
414
Other liabilities
G31
19,868
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,476
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
481
706
Provisions
G33
570
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
439
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
9,819
9,155
Total liabilities 
523,320
518,507
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
748
750
Non-controlling interests
40
6
Share capital
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,080
1,080
Other reserves
–2,062
–1,876
Retained earnings
27,672
28,891
Total equity
31,528
32,901
Total liabilities and equity
554,848
551,408
Off balance sheet commitments
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
G36
183,995
171,899
Other assets pledged
G37
3,919
4,788
Contingent liabilities
G38
17,792
17,819
Commitments
G39
77,063
74,479

--- Page 228 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
67
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1 ,519
1,519
26
–3
1,542
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
18
–
–
–
–
–
18
–
–
18
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
1
–
–
–
–
–
1
–
–
1
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–62
–
–
–
–
–
–62
–
–
–62
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
16
–
–
–
–
–
16
–
–
16
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
21
–
–
–
21
–
–
21
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–37
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
–
6
–
–
6
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
152
–
–
–
–
152
–
–
152
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–31
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year3 
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–170
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement during the year3
–
–
–
35
–
–
–
–
35
–
–
35

--- Page 229 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
68
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own credit 
risk related to 
liabilities at 
fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–15
–
–15
–
–
–15
Tax on valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
2
–
2
–
–
2
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined  
benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
34
–
–
34
–
–
34
Other comprehensive income from 
companies accounted for under the 
equity method during the year
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1
1
–
–
1
Tax on other comprehensive income 
from companies accounted for under 
the equity method during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
0
–
–
0
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1
–185
–
–
–185
Total comprehensive income
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1,520
1,334
26
–3
1,357
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–26
–
–26
Change in additional Tier 1  
capital holders
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–2
Share-based payments
G8
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
20
–
–
20
Dividend for 2018
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,788
–2,788
–
–
–2,788
Divestment of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
29
29
–
–
29
Change in non-controlling interests
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
37
37
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,941
–26
45
–135
–5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares were 10. 8 million which represents 0. 3% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in 
­Denmark.  The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9. 2 million.
3)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
4)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Out of the balance per 31 December 2019, EUR 522m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR -m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.
5)  For more detailed information see Note G19.
Statement of changes in equity, cont.

--- Page 230 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
69
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 31 Dec 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
103
120
–
28,811
32,398
750
168
33,316
Effects from changed accounting 
policy, net of tax
–
–
–
–
1
–
–8
–237
–244
–
–
–244
Restated opening balance 
 at 1 Jan 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
104
120
–8
28,574
32,154
750
168
33,072
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,070
3,070
7
4
3,081
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
–240
–
–
–
–
–
–240
–
–
–240
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
–2
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
67
–
–
–
–
–
67
–
–
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–19
–
–
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–19
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
11
–
–
–
11
–
–
11
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–10
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
2
–
–
–
2
–
–
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
720
–
–
–
–
720
–
–
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–159
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year4 
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–676
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement during the year4
–
–
–
149
–
–
–
–
149
–
–
149

--- Page 231 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
70
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related 
to liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
–
20
–
–
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–4
–
–
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit 
plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
36
–
–
36
–
–
36
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
–
–326
–
–
–326
Total comprehensive income 
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
3,070
2,744
7
4
2,755
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–7
–
–7
Dividend for 2017
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,747
–2,747
–
–
–2,747
Purchase of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–6
–
–
–6
Change in non-controlling 
interests3
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–166
–166
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares were 15. 2 million which represents 0. 4% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in Den-
mark.  The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9. 6 million.
3)  Of which EUR –172m refers to the sale of Nordea Liv & Pension, Livforsikringsselskab A/S in Denmark.
4)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
5)  Due to the implementation of IFRS 9 the Available for sale (AFS) category no longer exists and the assets are instead classified as Fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI).  Hence, the opening balance 2018 for the FVOCI-reserve is the closing balance 2017 for the AFS-reserve.
6)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Out of the balance per 31 December 2018, EUR 568m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR – m relates 
to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.  
7)  For more detailed information see Note G19.

--- Page 232 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
71
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Cash flow statement
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating activities
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow
5,024
1,238
Income taxes paid
G12
–816
–1,024
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
6,321
4,167
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to central banks
G14
413
–2,052
Change in loans to credit institutions
G14
1,951
–1,463
Change in loans to the public
G14
–11,079
–2,884
Change in interest-bearing securities
G15
10,485
–90
Change in financial assets pledged as collateral
G16
402
237
Change in shares
G17
–1,379
4,984
Change in derivatives, net
G19
1,281
4,687
Change in investment properties
G24
–36
–218
Change in other assets
G25
–3,921
–1,672
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
G27
–10,339
–622
Change in deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
2,050
–5,461
Change in liabilities to policyholders
G29
5,229
–1,531
Change in debt securities in issue
G30
869
12,856
Change in other liabilities
G31
–4,779
–8,307
Cash flow from operating activities
–2,532
2,631
Investing activities
Acquisition of business operations
G48
–447
–
Sale of business operations
–25
646
Acquisition of associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
–26
–81
Sale of associated undertakings 
G20
879
90
Acquisition of property and equipment
G22
–70
–32
Sale of property and equipment
G22
15
14
Acquisition of intangible assets
G21
–517
–608
Cash flow from investing activities
–191
29
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
G35
1,401
641
Amortised subordinated liabilities 
G35
–890
–669
Paid interest on additional Tier 1 capital
–26
–7
Divestment/repurchase of own shares incl.  change in trading portfolio
29
–6
Dividend paid
–2,788
–2,747
Cash flow from financing activities
–2,274
–2,788
Cash flow for the year 
–4,997
–128
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
46,009
46,213
Translation difference
152
–76
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
41,164
46,009
Change
–4,997
–128

--- Page 233 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
72
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Comments on the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash 
and cash equivalents during the year for total operations.  
Nordea's cash flow has been prepared in accordance with the 
indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for 
effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation and 
loan losses.  The cash flows are classified by operating, invest-
ing and financing activities.	
Operating activities
Operating activities are the principal revenue producing 
activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operat-
ing profit for the year with adjustment for items not included 
in cash flow and income taxes paid.  Adjustment for items not 
included in cash flow includes:	
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation
558
307
Impairment charges
772
175
Loan losses
583
217
Unrealised gains/losses
212
239
Capital gains/losses (net)
–69
–401
Change in accruals and provisions
–26
994
Translation differences
198
–94
Change in bonus potential to policyholders, Life
203
–447
Change in technical reserves, Life
1,794
–20
Change in fair value on the hedge items,  
assets/liabilities (net)
705
–144
Other
94
412
Total
5,024
1,238
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets 
and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such 
as loans, deposits and debt securities in issue.  Changes in 
derivatives are reported net.	
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest pay-
ments received and interest expenses paid in the following 
amounts:	
EURm
2019
2018
Interest payments received
7,395
7,412
Interest expenses paid
–3,166
–3,138
	
	
Investing activities
Investing activities include acquisitions and disposals of non-
current assets, such as property and equipment, intangible 
and financial assets.  	
Financing activities
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in 
equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of 
shares, dividends and issued/amortised subordinated  
liabilities.	
Cash and cash equivalents
The following items are included in Cash and cash 
equivalents: 
EURm
 31 Dec 2019
 31 Dec 2018
Cash and balances with ­central banks
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks, payable on demand
4,826
2,759
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand
829
1,672
Total
41,164
46,009
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign curren-
cies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts 
with central banks and postal giro systems under government 
authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled:	
•	 the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institution is established 	
•	 the balance on the account is readily available at any time.	
	
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid 
assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing 
securities.  Loans to central banks, payable on demand include 
instruments that Nordea has the right to resell immediately
Reconciliation of liabilities arising 
from financing activities
The opening balance of subordinated liabilities was EUR 
9,155m (EUR 8,987m).  During the period cash flows related to 
bonds were EUR 511m (EUR –28m) and the effects of FX 
changes and other were EUR 153m (EUR 196m), ending up in 
a closing balance of EUR 9,819m (EUR 9,155m).  
Cash flow statement, cont.

--- Page 234 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
73
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
 Content for Note G1
1.	
Basis for presentation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  73
2.	
Changed accounting policies and presentation .  .  .  .  73
3.	
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  75
4.	
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty .  .  .  75
5.	
Principles of consolidation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 78
6.	
Recognition of operating income and impairment  . 79
7.	
Income recognition life insurance  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  81
8.	
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  81
9.	
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated 
 in foreign currencies  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
10.	
Hedge accounting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
11.	
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 83
12.	
Cash and balances with central banks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
13.	
Financial instruments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
14.	
Loans to the public/credit institutions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 86
15.	
Leasing .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
16.	
Intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
17.	
Properties and equipment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
18.	
Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
19.	
Liabilities to policyholders .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
20.	
Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and 
unit-linked investment contracts .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 91
21.	
Taxes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
22.	
Provisions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
23.	
Earnings per share . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
24.	
Employee benefits . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
25.	
Equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 92
26.	
Financial guarantee contracts and  
credit commitments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
27.	
Share-based payment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
28.	
Related party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
29.	
Presentation of disposal groups held for sale  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
30.	
Exchange rates .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
1. Basis for presentation
Nordea’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission.  In addition, cer-
tain complementary rules in the Finnish Accounting Act, the 
Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decree of the 
Ministry of Finance on the financial statements and consoli-
dated statements of credit institutions and investment firms 
have also been applied.
The disclosures, required in the standards, recommenda-
tions and legislation above, have been included in the notes, 
Capital management section or in other parts of the “Finan-
cial statements”.
On 20 February 2020 the Board of Directors approved the 
financial statements, subject to final adoption by the Annual 
General Meeting on 25 March 2020.  
The accounting policies, the basis for calculations and pre-
sentations are unchanged in comparison with the Annual 
Report 2018, except for the changed accounting policies and 
presentation described below in the section “Changed 
accounting policies and presentation”. 
2. Changed accounting policies and presentation
The new accounting requirements implemented during  
2019 and their impact on Nordea’s financial statements are 
described below.
IFRS 16 “Leases”
The new standard IFRS 16 “Leases” changes the accounting 
requirements for lessees.  All leases (except for short-term and 
small ticket leases) are accounted for on the balance sheet of 
the lessee as a right to use the asset and a corresponding lia-
bility, and the lease payments are recognised as amortisation 
on the lease liability and interest expense.  The accounting 
requirements for lessors are mostly unchanged.  Additional 
disclosures are also required.  IFRS 16 was implemented by 
Nordea as from 1 January 2019.  Nordea has applied the modi-
fied retrospective approach, which means that IFRS 16 has 
been applied from 1 January 2019 with no restatement of 
comparative figures.  The right of use asset was recognised  
as the amount of the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid 
expensed and accrued lease payments.
The main impact on Nordea’s financial statements comes 
from the accounting of property leases.  Such leasing con-
tracts are under IFRS 16 accounted for on the balance sheet 
to a larger extent than under the earlier requirements.  The 
right of use asset, presented as “Properties and equipment” 
on the balance sheet, amounted to EUR 1,521m at transition 
on 1 January 2019.  The increase of total assets was EUR 
1,163m considering also a reclassification of already existing 
prepaid lease expenses.  There was no impact on equity at 
transition.  The impact on the CET1 ratio was negative by 12 
basis points following an increase in REA.  At transition, the 
standard was implemented based on a single discount rate 
applied on a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.  
The future cash flows have been discounted using the incre-
mental borrowing rate, and the weighted average incremen-
tal borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities at transition 
was approximately 1%.  The assessment of onerous leases 
according to IAS 37 has been applied as an alternative to per-
forming an impairment review of the right of use asset.  Initial 
direct costs have been excluded from the right of use asset 
and the right to use hindsight when determining the lease 
term has been used.  
Reconciliation of lease commitments in Annual 
Report 2018 to lease liabilities at 1 January 2019
EURm
Future minimum lease payments under non-
cancellable leases 31 Dec 2018
1,217
Increase in lease term 
157
Discounting effect using the average incremental 
borrowing rate
–93
Deduction for leases reclassified to short-term leases 
under IFRS 16
–5
Other changes
–111
Lease liability 1 January 2019
1,165
G1.  Accounting policies

--- Page 235 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
74
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
Impact on the balance sheet at transition
EURm
31 Dec 2018
Change
1 Jan 2019
Assets
Properties and equipment
546
1,521
2,067
- of which Owned assets
546
–
546
- of which Right of use assets
–
1,523
1,523
- of which Accumulated 
impairment on Right of use 
assets
–
–2
–2
Prepaid expenses
1,313
–358
955
Other
549,549
–
549,549
Total assets
551,408
1,163
552,571
Liabilities
Other liabilities
23,315
1,165
24,480
- of which Lease liabilities
–
1,165
1,165
Provisions
321
–2
319
Other
494,871
–
494,871
Total liabilities
518,507
1,163
519,670
Impact on the income statement and balance sheet 2019
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,110
–12
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,834
195
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment charges of tangible 
and intangible assets
–1,139
–191
–1,330
Income tax expense
–573
2
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–6
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Properties and equipment
496
1,506
2,002
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income
1,370
–305
1,065
Other liabilities
18,643
1,225
19,868
Provisions
586
–16
570
Current tax liabilities
744
–2
742
Retained earnings
27,678
–6
27,672
1)  Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019.
Amendments to IAS 39 and IFRS 7 
“Interest rate benchmark reform”
In September 2019, IASB published amendments to IAS 39, 
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 as a consequence of the coming reform of 
benchmark interest rates.  The amendments give some relief 
in relation to hedge accounting.  Under the amendments, the 
hedge accounting requirements should be evaluated assu-
ming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged 
cash flows and cash flows from the hedging instrument are 
based will not be altered as a result of the interest rate 
benchmark reform.  The amendments are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and must be 
applied retrospectively.  Early application is permitted, and 
Nordea has exercised this option.  The amendments have 
resulted in that the hedge relationships in Nordea pass the 
effectiveness test and that hedge accounting can continue  
as before during the relief period.
Presentation of fair value adjustments
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea presents all other valuation 
adjustments than DVA (Debit Valuation Adjustment) as an 
adjustment to derivatives with positive fair value and DVA as 
an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value on the 
balance sheet.  Earlier all valuation adjustments were presen-
ted as an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value 
on the balance sheet.  The impact on 2019 was a decrease of 
derivatives with positive fair value and derivatives with nega-
tive fair value by EUR 223m.  There was no impact on the inco-
me statement or equity.  Comparative figures have not been 
restated.  
Changed recognition and presentation of resolution fees
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea recognises resolution fees at 
the beginning of the year, when the legal obligation to pay 
arises, and presents the expense as “Other expenses”. The 
earlier policy was to amortise these fees over the year and 
present the expense as “Interest expense”. The change mainly 
reflects the change in the structure of the resolution fees fol-
lowing the re-domiciliation to Finland.  
Comparative figures have been restated accordingly and 
the impact, together with the impact on 2019, can be found in 
the below table.
Resolution fee
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,333
211
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,428
–211
–1,639
Income tax expense
–571
–
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
Full year 2018
EURm
Old,policy
Change
New,policy
Interest expense1
–2,929
167
–2,762
Other expenses
–1,399
–167
–1,566
Income tax expense
–872
–
–872
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
1)  Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019.
Presentation of “Net interest income”
To increase the transparency, a more granular presentation of 
net interest income has been included in the income state-
ment.  The negative yield on assets and liabilities has been 
separated from “Interest income calculated using the effec-
tive interest rate method”, “Other interest income” and “Inter-
est expense”, respectively, and disclosed on separate lines.  
The comparative figures for 2018 have been restated.
Other amended requirements
The following new and amended standards and interpreta-
tions were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2019 but 
have not had any significant impact on the financial state-
ments of Nordea:
•	 Amendments to IFRS 9: Prepayment Features with  
Negative Compensation
•	 Amendments to IAS 19: Plan Amendments, Curtailment  
or Settlement

--- Page 236 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
75
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
•	 Amendments to IAS 28: Long-term Interest in Associates 
and Joint Ventures
•	 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle
Changes in the Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit 
Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision Authority’s Regula-
tions and Guidelines and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance on the financial statements and consolidated state-
ments of credit institutions and investment firms have not had 
any significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements.
3.  Changes in IFRSs not yet applied 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture”
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 
28 regarding sales and contributions of assets between an 
investor and its associated undertaking or joint venture due  
to inconsistent treatment of gains and losses of such transac-
tions in those standards.  The IASB has thereafter proposed  
to defer indefinitely the effective date and permit earlier 
application.  The amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU 
commission.  Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt 
the amendments.  The new requirements are not expected to 
have any impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion as the new requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies.
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
contracts”. The new standard will change the accounting 
requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation and 
disclosure of insurance contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-uni-
form accounting policy based on the local accounting policies 
in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform accounting poli-
cy based on the three measurement models Building Block 
Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach (VFA) and Premium 
Allocation Approach (PAA).  The model application depends 
on the terms of the contracts (long term, long term with vari-
able fee or short term).  The three measurement models 
include consistent definitions of the contractual cash flows, 
the risk adjustment margin and discounting.  These definitions 
are based on the similar principles as the measurement prin-
ciples for technical provisions in the Solvency II Capital 
Requirement Directives.  Unearned future premiums will be 
recognised as a provision on the balance sheet and released 
to revenue when the insurance service is provided.  Any 
unprofitable contracts will be recognised in the income state-
ment at the time when the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for the annual report period beginning 
on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application permitted.  
However, due to comments from the global insurance indus-
try the IASB board has proposed to amend IFRS 17 including 
a one-year deferral of the IFRS 17 effective date to 1 January 
2022.  The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU commission.  
Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt the standard.  
Nordea’s current assessment is that the new standard will not 
have any significant impact on Nordea’s capital adequacy or 
large exposures in the period of initial application.  It is not yet 
possible to conclude on the impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements.
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended stan-
dards that are assessed to have no significant impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application:
•	 Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework 
in IFRS Standards
•	 Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business
•	 Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of Material
4.  Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles requires, in some 
cases, the use of judgements and estimates by management.  
The actual outcome can later, to some extent, differ from the 
estimates and the assumptions made.  In this section a 
description is made of:
•	 the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in  
a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, and 
•	 the judgements made when applying accounting policies 
(apart from those involving estimations) that have the 
most significant impact on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements.
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular  
associated with:
•	 the fair value measurement of certain financial instruments 
•	 the classification of financial assets
•	 the derecognition of financial assets
•	 the impairment testing of:
-- goodwill and other intangible assets and
-- loans to the public/credit institutions
•	 the amortisation period for capitalised software
•	 the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
•	 the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees
•	 the actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
•	 the valuation of investment properties
•	 the assessment of expected lease terms and  
classification of leases
•	 the classification of additional tier 1 instruments 
•	 assessing control for consolidation purposes
•	 the valuation of deferred tax assets
•	 claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
Nordea’s accounting policy for determining the fair value of 
financial instruments is described in section 11 “Determination 
of fair value of financial instruments” and Note G41 “Assets 
and liabilities at fair value”. Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for financial 
instruments are exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack quoted 
prices or recently observed market prices.  Those judgements 
relate to the following areas:
•	 The choice of valuation techniques.
•	 The determination of when quoted prices fail to represent 
fair value (including the judgement of whether markets are 
active).
•	 The construction of fair value adjustments in order to 
incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit risk, model 
risk and liquidity risk.
•	 The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable.
The critical judgements required when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or

--- Page 237 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
76
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
recently observed market prices also introduce a high degree 
of estimation uncertainty.  
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon profes-
sional judgement in accordance with Nordea’s accounting 
and valuation policies.  The fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value using a valuation technique, 
levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, was EUR 185,148m 
(EUR 178,960m) and EUR 151,751m (EUR 136,412m), respec-
tively, at the end of the year.
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs 
can be found in Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
Estimation uncertainty also arises at initial recognition of 
financial instruments that are part of larger structural trans-
actions.  Although subsequently not necessarily held at fair 
value such instruments are initially recognised at fair value 
and as there is normally no separate transaction price or 
active market for such individual instruments, the fair value 
has to be estimated.  
Classification of financial assets
Nordea classifies financial assets based on Nordea’s business 
model for managing the assets.  When determining the busi-
ness model for the bonds within the liquidity buffer Nordea 
makes critical judgements.  The bonds within the liquidity buf-
fer is split in two portfolios.  For the first portfolio Nordea has 
determined that the business model is to both keep the 
bonds and collect contractual cash flows and to sell financial 
assets.  For the second portfolio, Nordea has determined that 
the business model is to manage the bonds with the objective 
of realising cash flows through sale.  The bonds within the 
first portfolio are measured at fair value through other com-
prehensive income (FVOCI) and the bonds within the second 
portfolio are measured at fair value through profit and loss 
(FVPL).  Interest-bearing securities and Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral in the liquidity buffer measured at 
FVOCI (the first portfolio) amount to EUR 29,779m (EUR 
33,564m) and interest-bearing securities measured at FVPL 
(the second portfolio) amount to EUR 34,725m (EUR 
39,708m).
Derecognition of financial assets
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are modi-
fied, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a new 
loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new loan 
are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea applies 
judgements to determine if the terms and conditions of the 
new loan are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea 
considers the terms and conditions to be substantially differ-
ent if the present value of the cash flows of the new loan dis-
counted by the original interest rate is more than 10% differ-
ent from the present value of the remaining expected cash 
flows of the old loan or if the modified cash flows are SPPI, 
but the original cash flows were not SPPI and vice versa.  The 
carrying amount of loans, interest-bearing securities and 
financial instruments pledged as collateral on the asset side 
of the balance sheet amounts to EUR 412,544m (EUR 
411,056m).
Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for goodwill is described in sec-
tion 16 “Intangible assets”, and Note G21 “Intangible assets” 
lists the cash-generating units (CGUs) to which goodwill has 
been allocated.  Also internally developed software for which 
amortisation has not yet started is included in the impairment 
test and allocated to the CGUs.  Nordea’s total goodwill 
amounted to EUR 1,969m (EUR 1,816m) at the end of the 
year.  Software for which amortisation has not yet started 
amounted to EUR 768m (EUR 1,300m) at the end of the year.
The estimation of future cash flows and the calculation of 
the rate used to discount those cash flows are subject to esti-
mation uncertainty.  The forecast of future cash flows is sensi-
tive to the cash flow projections for the near future (generally 
3–5 years) and to the estimated sector growth rate for the 
period beyond 3–5 years.  The growth rates are based on his-
torical data, updated to reflect the current situation, which 
implies estimation uncertainty.
The rates used to discount future expected cash flows are 
based on the long-term risk-free interest rate plus a risk pre-
mium.  The risk premium is based on external information of 
overall risk premiums in the relevant countries.
For information on the sensitivity to changes in relevant 
parameters, see Note G21 “Intangible assets”.
Impairment testing of loans to the 
public/credit institutions
Nordea’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans is 
described in section 14 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions”.
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment allowances.  
Nordea’s total lending before impairment allowances was 
EUR 342,646m (EUR 329,306m) at the end of the year.  For 
more information, see Note G14 “Loans and impairment”.
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be received 
from the customers under different scenarios, including the 
valuation of any collateral received.  Judgement is also 
applied when assigning the likelihood of the different scenar-
ios occurring.
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk.  If this is the 
case, the provision should reflect the lifetime expected losses, 
as opposed to a 12-month expected loss for exposures not 
having increased significantly in credit risk.  Judgement is also 
exercised in the choice of modelling approaches covering 
other parameters used when calculating the expected losses, 
such as the expected lifetime used in stage 2 as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on historical 
experience are relevant for estimating future losses.
The statistical models used to calculate provisions are 
based on macroeconomic scenarios, which requires manage-
ment to exercise judgement when identifying such scenarios 
and when assigning the likelihood of the different scenarios 
occurring.  Judgement is also exercised in the assessment of 
to what extent the parameters for the different scenarios, 
based on historical experience, are relevant for estimating 
future losses.
The amortisation period for capitalised software
Internally developed software is capitalised and amortised 
over the useful life of the software.  As the IT landscape devel-
ops rapidly, management exercises judgment to estimate the 
useful life of the software, which affects the yearly amortisa-
tion charge.
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
Nordea’s accounting policies for cash flow hedges are 
described in section 10 “Hedge accounting”.
One important judgement in connection with cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for effective-
ness testing.
Where Nordea applies cash flow hedge accounting the

--- Page 238 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
77
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value.  The 
currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
the currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of the interest rate risk.  The hypothetical derivative 
method is used when measuring the effectiveness of these 
cash flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present value of 
the cumulative change in expected future cash flows on the 
hedged transaction (the currency component).  Critical judge-
ment has to be exercised when defining the characteristics of 
the perfect hypothetical swap.
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities 
and plan assets related to employees
Nordea’s accounting policy for post-employment benefits is 
described in section 24 “Employee benefits”. 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans is 
calculated by external actuaries using demographic assump-
tions based on the current population.  As a basis for these 
calculations a number of actuarial and financial parameters 
are used.
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to uncertainty 
around whether corporate bond markets are deep enough, of 
high quality and also in connection to the extrapolation of 
yield curves to relevant maturities.  In Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark the discount rate is determined with reference to 
covered bonds and in Finland with reference to corporate 
bonds.  Other parameters, like assumptions about salary 
increases and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to estima-
tion uncertainty.  The main parameters used at year-end are 
disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement benefit obligations” 
together with a description of the sensitivity to changes in 
assumptions.  The defined benefit obligation was EUR 3,790m 
(EUR 3,494m) at the end of the year.
Actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
Nordea’s accounting policy for insurance contracts is 
described in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
A valuation of insurance liabilities includes estimations and 
assumptions, both financial and actuarial.  One of the impor-
tant financial assumptions is the interest rate used for dis-
counting future cash flows.  Important actuarial assumptions 
are those on mortality and disability, which affect the size and 
timing of the future cash flows.  The financial and actuarial 
assumptions are, to a large extent, stipulated in local legisla-
tion and therefore not under Nordea’s discretion.  Also, 
assumptions about future administrative and tax expenses 
have an impact on the calculation of policyholder liabilities.
The insurance liability was EUR 15,928m (EUR 15,001m) at 
the end of the year.  The carrying amount’s sensitivity to differ-
ent assumptions is disclosed in Note G29 “Liabilities to 
policyholders”.
Valuation of investment properties
Nordea’s accounting policy for investment properties is 
described in section 18 “Investment properties”.
Investment properties are measured at fair value.  As there 
normally are no active markets for investment properties, the 
fair values are estimated based on discounted cash flow mod-
els.  These models are based on assumptions on future rents, 
vacancy levels, operating and maintenance costs, yield 
requirements and interest rates.
The carrying amount of investment properties was EUR 
1,585m (EUR 1,607m) at the end of the year.  See Note G24 
“Investment properties” for more information on amounts 
and parameters used in these models.
Assessment of expected lease terms 
and classification of leases
Nordea’s accounting policy for leases are described in section 
15 “Leasing”. 
Critical judgement has to be exercised as a lessee when 
estimating the expected lease term by considering all facts 
and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exer-
cise an extension or termination option.  The expected lease 
term for contracts with no end date is estimated in the same 
way.  Backstop rules on the average expected lifetime for dif-
ferent types of real estate contracts are used as a guidance 
when making the estimate for banking branches.  A more 
detailed analysis is performed for larger contracts as head 
offices.  The head office contracts are estimated to be more 
long term in nature than the branches where the environment 
is changing at a more rapid pace.  The expected lease term of 
head office contracts is currently generally close to 25 years.  
The backstop rule of banking branches is currently limiting 
the expected lease term of contracts with no end date, or 
contracts with extension options, to 5 years.  It is possible to 
deviate from the backstop rule if the circumstances show that 
it is likely that Nordea will stay for a longer/shorter period.
For a lessor, critical judgement has to be exercised when 
classifying lease contracts.  A lease is classified as a finance 
lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards 
related to ownership.  A lease is classified as an operating 
lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards related to ownership.
The carrying amount of the right of use asset was EUR 
1,506m at the end of the year.
More information on lease contracts can be found in Note 
G23 “Leasing”.
Classification of additional tier 1 instruments
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Assessing control for consolidation purposes
One decisive variable when assessing if Nordea controls 
another entity is whether Nordea is exposed to variability in 
returns from the investment.  For structured entities where 
voting rights are not the dominant factor when determining 
control, critical judgement has to be exercised when defining 
when Nordea is exposed to significant variability in returns.  
Nordea’s critical judgement is that Nordea is normally 
exposed to variability in returns when Nordea receives more 
than 30% of the return produced by the structured entity.  This 
is only relevant for structured entities where Nordea is also 
the investment manager and thus has influence over the 
return produced by the structured entity.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 239 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
78
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Another judgement relating to control is whether Nordea 
acts as an agent or as a principal.  For unit-linked and other 
contracts where the policyholder/depositor decides both the 
amount and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to 
act as an agent and thus does not have control.
Judgement also has to be exercised when assessing if a 
holding of a significant, but less than majority, share of voting 
rights constitute a so-called de facto control and to what 
extent potential voting rights need to be considered in the 
control assessment.  Nordea’s assessment is that Nordea does 
currently not control any entities where the share of voting 
rights is below 50%.
Valuation of deferred tax assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of deferred tax 
assets is described in section 21 “Taxes” and Note G12 “Taxes”.
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by man-
agement’s assessment of Nordea’s future profitability and 
sufficiency of future taxable profits and future reversals of 
existing taxable temporary differences.  These assessments 
are updated and reviewed at each balance sheet date, and 
are, if necessary, revised to reflect the current situation.  
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 487m 
(EUR 164m) at the end of the year.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within framework of the normal business operations, Nordea 
faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and disputes, most 
of which involve relatively limited amounts, as well as pos-
sible fines due to e. g.  weak anti-money laundering processes 
and procedures in the past.  Presently, none of the current dis-
putes are considered likely to have any significant adverse 
effect on Nordea or its financial position.  As previously stated, 
Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak AML pro-
cesses and procedures in the past and has made a provision 
for ongoing AML-related matters.  Nordea cannot exclude the 
possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s financial 
performance.  In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation.  See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity man-
agement”, Note G33 “Provisions” and Note G38 “Contingent 
liabilities”.
5.  Principles of consolidation
Consolidated entities
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp and those entities that 
the parent company controls.  Control exists when Nordea is 
exposed to variability in returns from its investments in 
another entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the other entity.  Control is generally 
achieved when the parent company owns, directly or indi-
rectly through group undertakings, more than 50% of the vot-
ing rights.  For entities where voting rights do not decide con-
trol, see section “Structured entities” below.
All group undertakings are consolidated using the acquisi-
tion method.  Under the acquisition method, the acquisition is 
regarded as a transaction whereby the parent company indi-
rectly acquires the group undertaking’s assets and assumes 
its liabilities and contingent liabilities.  The group’s acquisition 
cost is established in a purchase price allocation analysis.  In 
such analysis, the cost of the business combination is the 
aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets 
given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments 
issued by the acquirer, in exchange for the identifiable net 
assets acquired.  Costs directly attributable to the business 
combination are expensed.  
As at the acquisition date Nordea recognises the identifi-
able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their 
acquisition date fair values.  
For each business combination Nordea measures the non-
controlling interest in the acquired business either at fair 
value or at their proportionate share of the acquired identifi-
able net assets.
When the aggregate of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interest exceed the net fair value of the identifi-
able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess is 
reported as goodwill.  If the difference is negative, such differ-
ence is recognised immediately in the income statement.
Equity and net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests are separately disclosed on the balance sheet, the 
income statement and the statement of comprehensive 
income.
Intra-group transactions and balances between the con-
solidated group undertakings are eliminated.
The group undertakings are included in the consolidated 
accounts as from the date on which control is transferred to 
Nordea and are no longer consolidated as from the date on 
which control ceases.  
In the consolidation process the reporting from the group 
undertakings is adjusted to ensure consistency with the IFRS 
principles applied by Nordea.
Note P21 “Investments in group undertakings” lists the 
major group undertakings in the Nordea Group.
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
The equity method of accounting is used for associated 
undertakings where the share of voting rights is between 
20% and 50% and/or where Nordea has significant 
influence.  Significant influence is the power to participate 
in the financial and operating decisions of the investee 
but is not control or joint control over those policies.  
The equity method of accounting is also used for joint ven-
tures where Nordea has joint control.  Joint control is the con-
tractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which 
exists only when decisions about the relevant activities 
require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Investments within Nordea’s investment activities, which 
are classified as a venture capital organisation within Nordea, 
are measured at fair value in accordance with the rules set 
out in IAS 28 and IFRS 9.  Further information on the equity 
method is disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating 
income and impairment”.
Profits from companies accounted for under the equity 
method are reported post-taxes in the income statement.  
Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is not 
included in the income tax expense for Nordea.
Nordea does generally not have any sales or contribution 
of assets to or from associated undertakings or joint ventures.  
Other transactions between Nordea and its associated under-
takings or joint ventures are not eliminated.
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures” lists the major associated undertakings in the 
Nordea Group.
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity created to accomplish a nar-
row and well-defined objective where voting rights are not 
the dominant factor in determining control.  Often legal 
arrangements impose strict limits on the decision-making 
powers of the management over the ongoing activities of a 
structured entity.  The same consolidation requirements apply 
to these entities, but as voting rights do not decide whether 
control exists, other factors are used to determine control.  
Power can exist due to agreements or other types of influ-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 240 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
79
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
ence over a structured entity.  Nordea normally has power 
over entities sponsored or established by Nordea.  Nordea has 
created a number of structured entities to allow clients to 
invest in assets invested in by the structured entity.  Some 
structured entities invest in tradable financial instruments, 
such as shares and bonds (mutual funds).  Structured entities 
can also invest in structured credit products or acquire assets 
from customers of Nordea, although only one such structured 
entity currently exists.  Nordea is generally the investment 
manager and has sole discretion about investments and other 
administrative decisions and thus has power over these 
entities.  
Typically, Nordea will receive service and commission fees 
in connection with the creation of the structured entity, or 
because it acts as an investment manager, a custodian or in 
some other function.  Such income is normally not significant 
enough to expose Nordea to variability in returns and will 
thus not trigger consolidation.  In some structured entities 
Nordea has also supplied substantial parts of the funding in 
the form of fund units, loans or credit commitments.  In these 
structured entities Nordea is exposed to variability in returns 
and as the power over these entities affects the return, these 
structured entities are consolidated.  Nordea normally consid-
ers a share of more than 30% of the return produced by a 
structured entity to give rise to variability and thus give con-
trol.  Variability is measured as the sum of fees received and 
revaluation of assets held.  For unit-linked and other contracts 
where the policyholder/depositor decides both the amount 
and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to act as 
an agent and does thus not have control.
Further information about consolidated and unconsolidat-
ed structured entities is disclosed in Note G46 “Interests in 
structured entities”.
Currency translation of foreign entities/branches
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro 
(EUR).  When translating the financial statements of foreign 
entities and branches into EUR from their functional currency, 
the assets and liabilities of foreign entities and branches have 
been translated at the closing rates, while items in the income 
statement and the statement of comprehensive income are 
translated at the average exchange rate for the year.  The 
average exchange rates are calculated based on daily 
exchange rates divided by the number of banking days in the 
period.  Translation differences are recognised in other com-
prehensive income and are accumulated in the translation 
reserve in equity.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acqui-
sition of group undertakings are treated as items in the same 
functional currency as the cash-generating unit to which they 
belong and are also translated at the closing rate.  
Any remaining equity in foreign branches is converted at 
the closing rates with translation differences recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
Information on the most important exchange rates is dis-
closed in the separate section 30 “Exchange rates”.
6.  Recognition of operating income and impairment
Net interest income
Interest income and expense are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if considered 
appropriate, based on a method that results in an interest 
income or interest expense that is a reasonable approxima-
tion of using the effective interest rate method as the basis for 
the calculation.  The effective interest includes fees considered 
to be an integral part of the effective interest rate of a finan-
cial instrument (generally fees received as compensation for 
risk).  The effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts 
the estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount of 
the financial asset or financial liability.  
Interest income and expenses from financial instruments 
are, with the exceptions described below, classified as “Net 
interest income”.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line.  
The interest component in FX swaps, and interest paid and 
received in interest rate swaps plus changes in accrued inter-
est, is classified as “Net result from items at fair value”, except 
for derivatives used for hedging, including economical hedges 
of Nordea’s funding, where such components are classified as 
“Net interest income”. 
The yield on financial assets is presented on three rows in 
the income statement, Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method, Other interest income and 
Negative yield on financial assets.  On the row Interest income 
calculated using the effective interest method, Nordea pres-
ents interest income from financial assets measured at amor-
tised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  This line item also includes the effect from hedge 
accounting relating to these assets.  All other interest income 
is presented as on the income statement row “Other interest 
income“, except the negative yield on financial assets that is 
presented on a separate row.  The negative yield on financial 
liabilities is also disclosed separately in the income statement.
Net fee and commission income
Nordea earns commission income from different services pro-
vided to customers.  The recognition of commission income 
depends on the purpose for which the fees are received.  
The major part of the revenues classified as “Commission 
income” constitutes revenue from contracts with customers 
according to IFRS 15.  Fee income is recognised either when or 
as performance obligations are satisfied.  
Asset management commissions are generally recognised 
over time as services are performed and are normally based 
on assets under management.  These fees are recognised 
based on the passage of time as the amount, and the right to 
the fee, corresponds to the value received by the customer.  
Variable fees that are based on relative performance com-
pared with a benchmark are in asset management rare, and 
they are normally fixed and recognised at least each report-
ing date.  Variable fees that are not fixed on the reporting date 
cannot generally be recognised as the outcome is uncertain 
and subject to market development.  
Life & Pension commission income includes fee income, 
referred to as expense loading, from insurance contracts and 
investment contracts with policyholders.  Investments con-
tracts are contracts that do not include enough insurance risk 
to be classified as insurance contracts.  The expense loading is 
the part of the premium income considered to be compensa-
tion for the contract administration.  The fee income is recog-
nised over time when the services are performed.  These con-
tracts do generally not include any upfront fees.
Fees categorised as Deposit Products, Brokerage, securities 
issues and corporate finance, Custody and issuer service and 
Payment commissions are recognised both over time and at a 
point of time dependent on when the performance obliga-
tions are satisfied.  Card fees are categorised as interchange 
fees that are recognised at a point of time when the customer 
uses the services, and cardholder fees that are recognised 
over time or at a point of time if the fee is transaction based.  
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of a 
financial instrument are recognised at a point of time.  The 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 241 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
80
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
amount of loan syndication fees as well as other transaction-
based fees received are recognised at a point when the per-
formance obligation is satisfied, i. e.  when the syndication or 
transaction has been performed.  Fees received on bilateral 
transactions are generally amortised as part of the effective 
interest of the financial instruments recognised.  
Income from issued financial guarantees and expenses for 
bought financial guarantees are amortised over the duration 
of the instruments and classified as “Fee and commission 
income” and “Fee and commission expense”, respectively.  
Other fee income is generally transaction based.
Commission expenses are normally transaction based and 
recognised in the period when the services are received.  
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are recognised 
as an asset and amortised if the costs are expected to be 
recovered.  
Net result from items at fair value
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial instru-
ments and investment properties measured at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net result 
from items at fair value”. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses derive from:
•	 Shares/participations and other share-related instruments
•	 Interest-bearing securities and other interest-related 
instruments
•	 Other financial instruments, including credit derivatives as 
well as commodity instruments/derivatives
•	 Foreign exchange gains/losses
•	 Investment properties, which include realised and unre-
alised	 income, for instance revaluation gains and losses.  
This line also includes realised results from disposals as 
well as the running property yield stemming from the 
holding of investment properties 
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line.
Also, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net 
investment hedges as well as recycled gains and losses on 
financial instruments classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”. 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such as 
interest compensation received and realised gains/losses on 
buybacks of issued own debt.
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes losses 
from counterparty risk on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.  
Impairment losses from instruments within other categories 
are recognised in the item “Net loan losses” or “Impairment 
of securities held as financial non-current assets” (see also 
the sub-sections “Net loan losses” and “Impairment of securi-
ties held as financial non-current assets” below).  
Dividends received are recognised in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” and classified as 
“Shares/participations and other share-related instruments” 
in the note.  Income is recognised in the period in which the 
right to receive payment is established.
The income recognition and descriptions of the lines relat-
ing to life insurance are described in section 7 “Income recog-
nition life insurance” below.
Profit from companies accounted for 
under the equity method
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is defined as the post-acquisition change in Nordea’s share 
of net assets in associated undertakings and joint ventures.  
Nordea’s share of items accounted for in other comprehensive 
income in associated undertakings and joint ventures is 
accounted for in other comprehensive income in Nordea.  
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is, as stated in section 5 “Principles of consolidation”, 
reported in the income statement post-taxes.  Consequently, 
the tax expense related to this profit is excluded from the 
income tax expense for Nordea.  
Fair values are, at acquisition, allocated to the associated 
undertaking’s and the joint venture’s identifiable assets, liabil-
ities and contingent liabilities.  Any difference between 
Nordea’s share of the fair values of the acquired identifiable 
net assets and the purchase price is goodwill or negative 
goodwill.  Goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the 
associated undertaking and the joint venture.  Subsequently 
the investment in the associated undertaking and the joint 
venture increases/decreases with Nordea’s share of the post-
acquisition change in net assets in the associated undertak-
ing and the joint venture and decreases through received div-
idends and impairment.  An impairment charge can be 
reversed in a subsequent period.
The change in Nordea’s share of the net assets is generally 
based on monthly reporting from the associated undertakings 
and joint ventures.  For some associated undertakings, and 
joint ventures not individually significant the change in 
Nordea’s share of the net assets is based on the external 
reporting of the associated undertakings and the joint ven-
tures and affects the financial statements of Nordea in the 
period in which the information is available.  The reporting 
from the associated undertakings and the joint ventures is,  
if applicable, adjusted to comply with Nordea’s accounting 
policies.
Also, impairment on investments in associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures is classified as “Profit from companies 
accounted for under the equity method” in the income state-
ment.  The policies covering impairment of financial assets 
classified into the category Amortised cost are disclosed in 
section 13 “Financial instruments” and section 14 “Loans to 
the public/credit institutions”. 
If observable indicators (loss events) indicate that an asso-
ciated undertaking or a joint ventures is impaired, an impair-
ment test is performed to assess whether there is objective 
evidence of impairment.  The carrying amount of the invest-
ment in the associated undertaking or the joint venture is 
compared with the recoverable amount (higher of value in 
use and fair value less cost to sell) and the carrying amount  
is written down to the recoverable amount if required.  
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recover-
able amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised.
Other operating income and other expenses
Net gains from divestments of shares in group undertakings, 
associated undertakings and joint ventures and net gains on 
sale of tangible assets as well as other operating income, not 
related to any other income line, are generally recognised 
when it is probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to Nordea and if the significant risks and 
rewards have been transferred to the buyer (generally when 
the transactions are finalised).
Resolution fees are presented as other expenses in the 
income statement.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 242 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
81
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Net loan losses
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into the 
categories Amortised cost and Fair value through other com-
prehensive income (see section 13 “Financial instruments”), in 
the items “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit institu-
tions”, “Loans to the public” and “Interest-bearing securities” 
on the balance sheet, are reported as ”Net loan losses” 
together with losses from financial guarantees.  Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit enhancements.  
Nordea’s accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 14 “Loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions”.
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
including credit derivatives but excluding loans held at fair 
value as described above, are reported under “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
7.  Income recognition life insurance 
Premiums received, and repayments to policyholders, related 
to the savings part of life insurance contracts are reported as 
increases or decreases of liabilities to policyholders.  See fur-
ther information in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
The total income from life insurance mainly consists of the 
following components:
•	 Cost result
•	 Insurance risk result
•	 Risk and performance margin
•	 Investment return on additional capital in life insurance
The result from these components is, except for the cost 
result and the risk and performance margin relating to unit-
linked and investment contracts, included in “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
The cost result is the result of expense loading from policy-
holders and is included in the item “Fee and commission 
income” together with the risk and performance margin relat-
ing to unit-linked and investment contracts.  The related 
expenses are included in the items “Fee and commission 
expense” and “Operating expenses”. The policyholders’ part 
of a positive or negative cost result (profit sharing) is included 
in the note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” within Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value”.
The insurance risk result consists of income from individual 
risk products and from unbundled life insurance contracts as 
well as health and personal accident insurance.  The risk pre-
miums are amortised over the coverage period as the provi-
sions are reduced when insurance risk is released.  A large part 
of the unbundled risk result from traditional life insurance is 
subject to profit sharing, which means that the policyholders 
receive a part of a net income or a net deficit.  The risk income 
and the risk expenses are presented gross on the lines “Insur-
ance risk income, Life insurance” and “Insurance risk expense, 
Life insurance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value”. 
The policyholders’ part of the result is included in the line 
“Change in technical provisions, Life insurance” in the note.
Gains and losses derived from investments in Nordea Life 
& Pensions are split between the relevant lines in Note G6 
“Net result from items at fair value” as for any other invest-
ment in Nordea.  The lines include investment return on assets 
held to cover liabilities to policyholders and return on the 
additional capital allocated to Nordea Life & Pensions (Share-
holders’ capital in the Nordea Life & Pensions group).
The note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” includes: 
•	 Investment returns on assets held to cover liabilities to pol-
icyholders (including liabilities from traditional life insur-
ance, unit-linked insurance and investment contracts), indi-
vidually transferred to policyholders’ accounts according to 
the contracts.  
•	 Additional bonus (discretionary participation feature) to 
policyholders concerning traditional life insurance con-
tracts or any other transfers to the policyholders to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any 
agreed minimum benefit to the policyholders.
•	 The risk and performance margin regarding traditional life 
insurance products according to local allocation rules in 
each Nordea Life & Pensions unit and according to con-
tracts with policyholders.  The recognition of a risk and per-
formance margin in the income statement is mainly condi-
tional on a positive result for traditional life insurance con-
tracts.  Risk and performance margins not possible to 
recognise in the current period due to poor investment 
results can, in some countries, partly or wholly be deferred 
to years with higher returns.
•	 The policyholders’ part of the cost- and risk result regarding 
traditional life insurance contracts or unit-linked contracts.  
The note line “Change in collective bonus potential, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” relates 
only to traditional life insurance contracts.  The line includes 
policyholders’ share of investment returns not yet individual-
ised.  The line includes also additional bonus (discretionary 
participation feature) and amounts needed to cover a periodi-
cal deficit between the investment result and any minimum 
benefits to the policyholders.
8.  Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and derecog-
nised from (and an asset or a liability is recognised as “Other 
assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet between 
trade date and settlement date) the balance sheet on the 
trade date.  Other financial instruments are recognised on the 
balance sheet on the settlement date.
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expires or are transferred to another party.  The 
rights to the cash flows normally expire or are transferred 
when the counterparty has performed by e. g.  repaying a loan 
to Nordea, i. e.  on settlement date.
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a 
new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new 
loan are substantially different from the old loan.  This is nor-
mally the case if the present value of the cash flows of the 
new loan discounted by the original interest rate is more than 
10% different from the present value of the remaining expect-
ed cash flows of the old loan.  The same principles apply to 
financial liabilities.  The terms and conditions are also consid-
ered to be significantly different for financial assets where the 
modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original cash flows 
were not SPPI and vice versa.
In some cases, Nordea enters into transactions where it 
transfers assets that are recognised on the balance sheet but 
retains either all or a portion of risks and rewards from the 
transferred assets.  If all or substantially all risks and rewards 
are retained, the transferred assets are not derecognised from 
the balance sheet.  If Nordea’s counterparty can sell or 
repledge the transferred assets, the assets are reclassified to 
the item “Financial instruments pledged as collateral” on the 
balance sheet.  Transfers of assets with retention of all or sub-
stantially all risks and rewards include e. g.  securities lending 
agreements and repurchase agreements.
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 243 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
82
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
sheet when the liability is extinguished.  Normally this occurs 
when Nordea performs, for example when Nordea repays a 
deposit to the counterparty, i. e.  on settlement date.  Financial 
liabilities under trade date accounting are generally derecog-
nised and a liability is recognised as “Other liabilities” on the 
balance sheet on trade date.  
For further information, see sections “Securities borrowing 
and lending agreements” and “Repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements” within section 13 “Financial instru-
ments”, as well as Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained 
collaterals”.
9.  Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies
The functional currency of each entity (subsidiary or branch) 
is decided based upon the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates.  Foreign currency is defined as any 
currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  For-
eign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate 
on the date of the transaction.  Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of transac-
tions at rates different from those at the date of the transac-
tion, and unrealised translation differences on unsettled for-
eign currency monetary assets and liabilities, are recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
10.  Hedge accounting
As part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea has iden-
tified a series of risk categories with corresponding hedging 
strategies using derivative instruments, as set out in Note G2 
“Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market risk section) 
and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge accounting“.  
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies one of 
three types of hedge accounting: 
•	 Fair value hedge accounting
•	 Cash flow hedge accounting 
•	 Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 
9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with 
the carve-out version of IAS 39.  
The EU carve-out version enables a group of derivatives 
(or proportions thereof) to be viewed in combination and be 
designated as the hedging instrument.  It also removes some 
of the limitations in fair value hedge accounting relating to 
hedging core deposits and under-hedging strategies.  
At inception, Nordea formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, including 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument, the nature of the risk, the risk manage-
ment objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and 
the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of 
the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis.
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge to 
be highly effective.  A hedge is regarded as highly effective if 
at inception and throughout its life it can be expected that 
changes in fair value of the hedged item, as regards the 
hedged risk, can be essentially offset by changes in fair value 
of the hedging instrument.  The result should be within a 
range of 80–125%.
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships.
Fair value hedge accounting
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives are 
hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability 
attributable to a specific risk in accordance with Nordea’s risk 
management policies set out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note G19 “Deriv-
atives and hedge accounting”. The risk of changes in fair 
value of assets and liabilities in Nordea’s financial statements 
originates mainly from loans, securities and deposits with a 
fixed interest rate, causing interest rate risk.  Changes in fair 
value from derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are recog-
nised separately in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. Given the hedge is effective, 
the change in fair value of the hedged item and the hedging 
instrument will offset.  
The changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable 
to the risks hedged with the derivative instrument are reflect-
ed in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged 
item, which is also recognised in the income statement.  The 
fair value change of the hedged items held at amortised cost 
in a portfolio hedge of interest rate risks is reported separate-
ly from the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on the 
balance sheet.
Fair value hedge accounting in Nordea is performed mainly 
on a portfolio basis.  Any ineffectiveness is recognised in the 
income statement under the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a recognised sin-
gle asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment or a 
portion thereof.  The hedged item can also be a group of 
assets, liabilities or firm commitments with similar risk char-
acteristics.  Hedged items in Nordea consist of both individual 
assets or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value.  
Hedge effectiveness
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively, Nordea 
measures the fair value of the hedging instruments and com-
pares the change in fair value of the hedging instrument to 
the change in fair value of the hedged item.  The effectiveness 
measurement is made on a cumulative basis.  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
For fair value hedges, the hedging instrument is measured at 
fair value through profit and loss and the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item, up to the point when the hedge 
relationship is terminated, is amortised to the income state-
ment on a straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of 
the hedged item.
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
•	 Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items and 
hedging instruments
•	 Different interest rate curves applied to discount the 
hedged items and hedging instruments
•	 The effect of changes in Nordea’s or a counterparty’s credit 
risk on the fair value of the hedging instrument or hedged 
items
•	 Disparity between expected and actual prepayments of the 
loan portfolio 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 244 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
83
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Cash flow hedge accounting
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market 
risk section) and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge account-
ing”, cash flow hedge accounting is applied when hedging 
the exposure to variability in future interest payments on 
instruments with variable interest rates and for the hedging 
of currency exposures.  The portion of the gain or loss on the 
hedging instrument, determined to be an effective hedge, is 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated 
in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity.  The ineffective por-
tion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recycled 
to the item “Net result from items at fair value” in the income 
statement.  
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other comprehen-
sive income are recycled and recognised in the income state-
ment in the same period as the hedged item affects profit or 
loss, normally in the period that interest income or interest 
expense is recognised.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly probable 
floating interest rate cash flows from recognised assets or lia-
bilities or from future assets or liabilities.  Nordea uses cash 
flow hedges when hedging currency risk in future payments 
of interest and principal in foreign currency and when hedg-
ing interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
cross currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value, where the currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest component 
as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk.  When hedging the 
interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates, 
Nordea uses interest derivatives as hedging instruments, 
which are always held at fair value.
Hedge effectiveness
The hypothetical derivative method is used when measuring 
the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow hedges, mean-
ing that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap is used as 
proxy for the present value of the cumulative change in 
expected future cash flows from the hedged transaction (the 
currency component).  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
Changes in the unrealised value of the hedging instrument 
will prospectively from the last time it was proven effective 
be accounted for in the income statement.  The cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog-
nised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result from items 
at fair value” in the income statement if the expected transac-
tion is no longer expected to occur.  
If the expected transaction is no longer highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective remains in other comprehensive income until the 
transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur.
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedg-
es are generally the same as for those for fair value hedges 
described above.  However, for cash flow hedges, prepayment 
risk is less relevant, and the causes of hedging ineffectiveness 
arise from the changes in the timing and the amount of fore-
cast future cash flows.  
Hedges of net investments
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” and Note G19 “Derivatives and Hedge account-
ing”, Nordea hedges its foreign currency translation risk.  
Translation risk is defined as the risk of loss from investments 
in foreign operations which have a functional currency differ-
ent from that of the Group reporting currency (EUR).  The 
hedging instruments used by Nordea are FX forwards where 
only the spot component is designated in the hedging 
relationship.  
Translation differences on financial instruments that are 
designated hedging instruments in a hedge of a net invest-
ment in a group undertaking are recognised in other compre-
hensive income, to the extent the hedge is effective.  This is 
performed in order to offset the translation differences affect-
ing other comprehensive income when consolidating the 
group undertaking into Nordea.  Hedge ineffectiveness can 
arise to the extent the hedging instruments exceed in nominal 
terms the risk exposure from foreign operations.  Any ineffec-
tiveness is recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value”.
See also section 9 “Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies”.
11.  Determination of fair value of financial instruments
Fair value is defined as the price that at the measurement 
date would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants 
under current market conditions in the principal market for 
the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they exist 
they are used to measure financial assets and financial liabili-
ties.  An active market for the asset or liability is a market in 
which transactions for the asset or liability occur with suffi-
cient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on 
an ongoing basis.  The absolute level for liquidity and volume 
required for a market to be considered active varies with the 
instrument classes.  For some classes low price volatility is 
seen, also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high.  For instruments in such a class the 
liquidity requirements are lower and, correspondingly, the 
age limit for the prices used for establishing fair value is 
higher.
The trade frequency and volume are monitored regularly in 
order to assess if markets are active or non-active.  Nordea is 
predominantly using published price quotations to establish 
fair value for items disclosed under the following balance 
sheet items:
•	 Interest-bearing securities
•	 Shares (listed)
•	 Derivatives (listed)
•	 Debt securities in issue (issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab)
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to represent 
actual and regularly occurring market transactions or if quot-
ed prices are not available, fair value is established by using 
an appropriate valuation technique.  The adequacy of the val-
uation technique, including an assessment of whether to use 
quoted prices or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular 
basis.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 245 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
84
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models.  Valua-
tion models are designed to apply observable market prices 
and rates as input whenever possible but can also make use 
of unobservable model parameters.  The adequacy of the val-
uation model is assessed by measuring its capability to hit 
market prices.  This is done by comparison of calculated prices 
to relevant benchmark data, e. g.  quoted prices from exchang-
es, the counterparty´s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc.
Nordea is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the following 
balance sheet items:
•	 Loans to the public (mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit 	
Realkreditaktieselskab)
•	 Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in an 
active market are not available)
•	 Shares (when quoted prices in an active market are not 
available)
•	 Derivatives (OTC derivatives)
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated by a 
valuation technique, it is investigated whether the variables 
used in the valuation model are predominantly based on data 
from observable markets.  By data from observable markets, 
Nordea considers data that can be collected from generally 
available external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices.  If non-observable data has a 
significant impact on the valuation, the instrument cannot be 
recognised initially at the fair value estimated by the valua-
tion technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the con-
tractual life of the instrument.  The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable data 
becomes observable.
Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments measured 
on the basis of:
•	 quoted prices in active markets for the same instrument 
(level 1), 
•	 valuation technique using observable data (level 2), and 
•	 valuation technique using non-observable data (level 3).
The valuation models applied by Nordea are consistent with 
accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instru-
ments and incorporate the factors that market participants 
consider when setting a price.
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on a reg-
ular basis.
For further information, see Note G41 “Assets and liabilities 
at fair value”.
12.  Cash and balances with central banks
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign cur-
rencies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in 
accounts with central banks and postal giro systems under 
government authority, where the following conditions are 
fulfilled:
•	 The central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institutions are established
•	 The balance is readily available at any time
13.  Financial instruments
Classification of financial instruments
Each financial instrument has been classified into one of the 
following categories:
Financial assets:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
--   Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
--   Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
•	 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
Financial liabilities:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
-- 	Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and loss
-- 	Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on the 
business model for the portfolio where the instrument is 
included and on whether the cash flows are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI).
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely pay-
ments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss.  All other assets are classified 
based on the business model.  Instruments included in a port-
folio with a business model where the intention is to keep the 
instruments and collect contractual cash flows are measured 
at amortised cost.  Instruments included in a business model 
where the intention is to both keep the instruments to collect 
the contractual cash flows and sell the instruments are mea-
sured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
Financial assets included in any other business model are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss.  
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective.  To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account.  When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio, Nordea has 
analysed the objective with the financial assets as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value.  The classification of financial instruments into dif-
ferent categories forms the basis for how each instrument is 
subsequently measured on the balance sheet and how 
changes in its value are recognised.  In the table “Classifica-
tion of financial instruments“ in Note G40 the classification of 
the financial instruments on Nordea’s balance sheet into the 
different categories under IFRS 9 is presented.
Amortised cost
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are 
initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value, includ-
ing transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
instruments within this category are measured at amortised 
cost.  In an amortised cost measurement, the difference 
between acquisition cost and redemption value is amortised 
in the income statement over the remaining term using the 
effective interest rate method.  Amortised cost is defined as 
the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is 
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repay-
ments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the 
effective interest method of any difference between that ini-
tial amount and the maturity amount and for financial assets, 
adjusted for any loss allowance.  For more information about 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 246 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
85
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
the effective interest rate method see section 6, “Net interest 
income”. For information about impairment under IFRS 9, see 
section 14 below.
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised cost 
is recognised in the items “Interest income” and “Interest 
expense” in the income statement.  
This category consists of mainly all loans and deposits, 
except for reverse repurchase/repurchase agreements and 
securities borrowing/lending agreements in Markets and 
mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab.  This 
category also includes interest-bearing securities mainly 
related to a portfolio of interest-bearing securities in Life & 
Pension in Norway, subordinated liabilities and debt securi-
ties in issue, except for bonds issued in Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab and issued structured bonds in 
Markets.
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through prof-
it or loss are measured at fair value, excluding transaction costs.  
All changes in fair values are recognised directly in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value”.
The category consists of two sub-categories; Mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit and loss and Designat-
ed at fair value through profit or loss (fair value option).
The sub-category Mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains mainly all assets in Markets, 
trading liabilities in Markets, interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer, derivative instruments, 
shares, the mortgage loans in the Danish subsidiary Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab and financial assets under 
“Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts”. Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked invest-
ment contracts are contracts with customers and policyhold-
ers where the total risk is born by the policyholders.  The 
deposits are invested in different types of financial asset on 
behalf of customers and policyholders.  
The major parts of the financial assets/liabilities classified 
into the category Designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are issued bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab 
and assets and liabilities in Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Liabilities in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are clas-
sified into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mis-
match.  When Nordea grants mortgage loans to customers in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at 
the same time issues bonds with matching terms, so called 
“match funding”. The customers can repay the loans either 
through repayments of the principal or by purchasing the 
issued bonds and return them to Nordea as a settlement of 
the loan.  The bonds play an important part in the Danish 
money market and Nordea consequently buys and sells own 
bonds in the market.  The loans are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss, and if the bonds were measured at 
amortised cost, this would give rise to an accounting mis-
match.  To avoid such an accounting mismatch Nordea mea-
sures the bonds at fair value with all changes in fair value, 
including changes in credit risk recognised in profit or loss.  
All assets in Nordea Life & Pensions held under investment 
contracts are classified into the category Designated at fair 
value through profit or loss to eliminate or significantly 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to the poli-
cyholders that are measured at fair value.  The investment 
contracts (unit-linked) classified as “Liabilities to policyhold-
ers” on the balance sheet are managed at fair value and con-
sequently classified into the category Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss.  Changes in own credit risk is recog-
nised in profit and loss as recognising this change in other 
comprehensive income would create an accounting mis-
match.  Assets held under insurance contracts (defined in sec-
tion 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”), except for a portfolio of 
interest-bearing securities in Norway, are classified into the 
category Designated at fair value through profit or loss to 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to policy-
holders that are generally measured at current value.
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts that are not mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss are classified into the category Desig-
nated at fair value through profit or loss to avoid an account-
ing mismatch with the related deposits.  The deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts are 
managed at fair value and consequently also classified into 
the category Designated at fair value through profit or loss.  
The value of these deposits is directly linked to assets in the 
contacts and there is consequently no effect from changes in 
own credit risk in these contracts.  
Nordea also applies the fair value option on issued struc-
tured bonds in Markets as these instruments include embed-
ded derivatives not closely related to the host contract.  The 
change in fair value of these issued structured bonds is recog-
nised in profit and loss except for the changes in credit risk 
that are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value through profit and loss in Mar-
kets and Nordea Life & Pensions are classified as “Net result 
from items at fair value”.
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are initially measured at fair value plus transaction 
costs.  This category mainly consists of the interest-bearing 
securities included in part of the liquidity buffer.  Changes in 
fair values, except for interest, foreign exchange effects and 
impairment losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in 
equity through other comprehensive income.  Interest is rec-
ognised in the item “Interest income”, foreign exchange 
effects in “Net result from items at fair value” and impairment 
losses in the item “Net loan losses” in the income statement.  
When an instrument is disposed of, the fair value changes 
that previously have been accumulated in the fair value 
reserve in other comprehensive income are removed from 
equity and recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value”. For information about 
impairment under IFRS 9, see section 14 below.
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments are contracts con-
taining a host contract and an embedded derivative instru-
ment.  Such combinations arise predominantly from the issu-
ance of structured debt instruments, such as issued index-
linked bonds.
Index-linked bonds issued by Group Treasury are consid-
ered to be part of the funding activities.  The host, the zero-
coupon bond, is measured at amortised cost.  The embedded 
derivatives in those instruments are separated from the host 
contract and accounted for as stand-alone derivatives at fair 
value, if the economic characteristics and risks of the embed-
ded derivative are not closely related to the economic charac-
teristics and risks of the host contract, and the embedded 
derivative meets the definition of a derivative instrument.  
Changes in fair values, of the embedded derivatives, are rec-
ognised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
For structured bonds issued by Markets, Nordea applies 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 247 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
86
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
the fair value option, and the entire combined instrument, the 
host contract together with the embedded derivative, is mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss.  Changes in fair val-
ues are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” and presented as “Debt securi-
ties in issue” on the balance sheet.
Securities borrowing and lending agreements
Generally, securities borrowings and securities lending trans-
actions are entered into on a collateralised basis.  Unless the 
risks and rewards of ownership are transferred, the securities 
are not recognised on or derecognised from the balance 
sheet.  In cases where the counterparty is entitled to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet item “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities in securities lending transactions are also dis-
closed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash collateral advanced (securities borrowing) to coun-
terparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to 
central banks”, “Loans to credit institutions” or as “Loans to 
the public”. Cash collateral received (securities lending) from 
counterparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Depos-
its by credit institutions” or as “Deposits and borrowings from 
the public”.
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements and secu-
rities received under reverse repurchase agreements are not 
derecognised from or recognised on the balance sheet.  In 
cases where the counterparty has the right to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet line “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements are also 
disclosed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash received under repurchase agreements is recognised 
on the balance sheet as “Deposits by credit institutions” or as 
“Deposits and borrowings from the public”. Cash delivered 
under reverse repurchase agreements is recognised on the 
balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” or as “Loans to the public”.
Additionally, the sale of securities received in reverse 
repurchase agreements triggers the recognition of a trading 
liability (short sale).
Derivatives
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and mea-
sured at fair value.  Derivatives with total positive fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as assets in the 
item “Derivatives” on the asset side.  Derivatives with total 
negative fair values, including any accrued interest, are recog-
nised as liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side.
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from derivatives 
are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Nordea offsets financial assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the ordinary course 
of business and in case of default, bankruptcy and insolvency 
of Nordea and the counterparties, and if the intent is to settle 
the items net or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.  
Exchange-traded derivatives are generally accounted for 
as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or received, and 
the instrument is reset to market terms.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities against central counterparty clearing houses 
are offset on the balance sheet if the transaction currency 
and the central counterparty is the same.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities related to bilateral OTC derivative transac-
tions are not offset on the balance sheet.
In addition, loans and deposits related to repurchase and 
reverse repurchase transaction with CCP are offset on the 
balance sheet if the assets and liabilities relate to the same 
central counterparty, are settled in the same currency and 
have the same maturity date.  Loans and deposits related to 
repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions that are 
made in accordance with the Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (GMRA) are offset on the balance sheet if the 
assets and the liabilities relate to the same counterparty, are 
settled in the same currency, have the same maturity date 
and are settled through the same settlement institution.
Issued debt and equity instruments
A financial instrument issued by Nordea is either classified as 
a financial liability or equity.  Issued financial instruments are 
classified as a financial liability if the contractual arrangement 
results in Nordea having a present obligation to either deliver 
cash or another financial asset or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument.  If this is not the 
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and 
classified as equity, net of transaction costs.  Where issued 
financial instruments contain both liability and equity compo-
nents, these are accounted for separately.
14.  Loans to the public/credit institutions
Scope
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or Fair 
value through other comprehensive income are in scope for 
recognising impairment due to credit risk.  This includes assets 
recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, 
Loans to credit institutions”, “Loans to the public” and “Inter-
est-bearing securities”. These balance sheet lines also include 
assets classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations.  See section 13 above 
and Note G40 “Classification of financial instruments”.
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities and 
loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations.
Recognition and presentation
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an offsetting 
allowance for the expected credit losses if the loss is not 
regarded as final.  The allowance account is disclosed net on 
the face of the balance sheet, but the allowance account is 
disclosed separately in the notes.  Changes in the allowance 
account are recognised in the income statement and classi-
fied as “Net loan losses”.
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported as 
a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan and the 
related allowance for impairment loss are derecognised.  An 
impairment loss is regarded as final when the obligor is filed 
for bankruptcy and the administrator has declared the eco-
nomic outcome of the bankruptcy procedure, or when Nordea 
forgives its claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when Nordea, for other reasons, deem it 
unlikely that the claim will be recovered.  
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are classified as 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet, with changes in provisions 
classified as “Net loan losses”.
Assets classified as Fair value through other comprehen-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 248 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
87
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
sive income are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet.  
Impairment losses calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 are 
recognised in the income statement and classified as “Net 
loan losses”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income”.
Impairment testing 
Nordea classifies all exposures into stages on an individual 
basis.  Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no signifi-
cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, stage 2 
includes assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets.  Nordea 
monitors whether there are indicators of exposures being 
credit impaired (stage 3) by identifying events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss 
event).  Nordea applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation.  More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in Note G2 “Risk and 
Liquidity management”. Exposures without individually calcu-
lated allowances will be covered by the model-based impair-
ment calculation.
For significant exposures that have been individually iden-
tified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impairment 
loss is made on an individual basis.  The carrying amount of 
the exposure is compared with the sum of the net present 
value of expected future cash flows.  If the carrying amount is 
higher, the difference is recognised as an impairment loss.  
The expected cash flows are discounted with the original 
effective interest rate and include the fair value of the collat-
eral and other credit enhancements.  The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are probability 
weighted to derive the net present value.
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impair-
ment loss is measured using the model described below but 
based on the fact that the exposures are already in default.
Model-based allowance calculation
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a statistical 
model is used for calculating impairment losses.  The provi-
sions are calculated as the exposure at default times the 
probability of default times the loss given default.  For assets 
in stage 1 this calculation is only based on the coming 12 
months, while it for assets in stages 2 and 3 are based on the 
expected lifetime of the asset.
The provisions for exposures where there has been no sig-
nificant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are 
based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1).  Provisions for 
exposures where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, but that are not credit 
impaired, are based on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2).  
This is also the case for the insignificant credit impaired expo-
sures in stage 3.
Nordea uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  For assets 
held at transition on 1 January 2018, the change in internal 
rating and scoring data is used to determine whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  Internal 
rating/scoring information is used to assess the risk of the 
customers and a deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an 
increase in the credit risk of the customer.  Nordea has con-
cluded that it is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets already 
recognised on the balance sheet at transition.  Changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) is used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition.
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea uses a 
mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the transfer 
criterion.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 45 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 300 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 
0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 20 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 400 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, the 
change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to match the 
significant increase in credit risk based on lifetime PD.  In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit 
impaired (stage 3).  Exposures more than 90 days past due 
will normally be classified as stage 3, but this classification 
will be rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default.  Such exposures will be classified as stage 2.
Nordea does not use the “low credit risk exemption” in the 
banking operations but uses it for a minor portfolio of inter-
est-bearing securities in the insurance operations.  
When calculating provisions, including the staging assess-
ment, the calculation is based on probability weighted for-
ward-looking information.  Nordea applies three macroeco-
nomic scenarios to address the non-linearity in expected 
credit losses.  The different scenarios are used to adjust the 
relevant parameters for calculating expected losses and a 
probability weighted average of the expected losses under 
each scenario is recognised as provisions.  The model is based 
on data collected before the reporting date, requiring Nordea 
to identify events that should affect the provisions after the 
data is sourced to the model calculation.  Management evalu-
ates these events and adjusts the provisions if deemed 
necessary.
Write-offs
A write-off is a derecognition of a loan or receivable from the 
balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit loss provision.  
When assets are considered as uncollectable, they should be 
written off as soon as possible, regardless of whether the 
legal claim remains or not.  A write-off can take place before 
legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have 
been concluded in full.  Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written off from the balance sheet, the customer 
remains legally obligated to pay the outstanding debt.  When 
assessing the recoverability of non-performing loans and 
determining if write-offs are required, exposures with the fol-
lowing characteristics are in particular focus (list is not 
exhaustive):
•	 Exposures past due more than 90 days.  If, following this 
assessment, an exposure or part of an exposure is deemed 
as unrecoverable, it is written off.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 249 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
88
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
•	 Exposures under insolvency procedure where the collater-
alisation of the exposure is low.
•	 Exposures where legal expenses are expected to absorb 
proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure and therefore 
estimated recoveries are expected to be low.
•	 A partial write-off may be warranted where there is rea-
sonable financial evidence to demonstrate an inability of 
the borrower to repay the full amount, i. e.  a significant 
level of debt which cannot be reasonably demonstrated to 
be recoverable following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral.
•	 Restructuring cases.
Discount rate
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the original 
effective interest rate for loans attached to an individual cus-
tomer or, if applicable, to a group of loans.  If considered 
appropriate, the discount rate can be based on a method that 
results in an impairment that is a reasonable approximation 
of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation.
Restructured loans and modifications
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan where 
Nordea has granted concessions to the obligor due to their 
financial difficulties and where this concession has resulted in 
an impairment loss for Nordea.  After a reconstruction the loan 
is normally regarded as not impaired if it performs according 
to the new conditions.  In the event of a recovery, the payment 
is reported as a recovery of loan losses.  
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial difficulties (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan.  Normally this reduction is 
less than the existing provision and no loss is recognised in 
the income statement due to modifications.  If significant, the 
gross amounts (loan and allowance) are reduced.  
Assets taken over for protection of claims
In a financial reconstruction the creditor may concede loans 
to the obligor and in exchange for this concession acquires an 
asset pledged for the conceded loans, shares issued by the 
obligor or other assets.  Assets taken over for protection of 
claims are reported on the same balance sheet line as similar 
assets already held by Nordea.  For example, a property taken 
over, not held for Nordea’s own use, is reported together with 
other investment properties.
At initial recognition, all assets taken over for protection of 
claims are recognised at fair value and the possible difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of 
the assets taken over is recognised as “Net loan losses”. The 
fair value of the asset on the date of recognition becomes its 
cost or amortised cost value, as applicable.  In subsequent 
periods, assets taken over for protection of claims are valued 
in accordance with the valuation principles for the appropri-
ate type of asset.  Investment properties are then measured at 
fair value.  Financial assets that are foreclosed are generally 
classified into the categories Fair value through profit or loss 
and measured at fair value.  Changes in fair values are recog-
nised in the income statement under the line “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
Any change in value, after the initial recognition of the 
asset taken over, is presented in the income statement in line 
with the Group’s presentation policies for the appropriate 
asset.  The item ”Net loan losses” in the income statement is, 
after the initial recognition of the asset taken over, conse-
quently not affected by any subsequent remeasurement of 
the asset.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
15.  Leasing
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases.  A 
finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease.  The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income.  The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease.  
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment.  Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income”. The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated based on Nordea’s deprecia-
tion policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement.  
Nordea as lessee
At inception Nordea assesses whether a contract is or con-
tains a lease.  A lease is a contract that conveys the user the 
right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.  
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is recognised 
on the commencement date as a right of use (ROU) assets 
and the obligation to pay lease payments is recognised as a 
lease liability.  The ROU assets is initially measured as the 
present value of the lease payments plus initial direct costs 
and the cost of obligations to refurbish the asset less any 
lease incentives received.  Non-lease components are sepa-
rated.  The discount rate used to calculate the lease liability for 
each contract is the incremental borrowing rate at com-
mencement of the contract.  In significant premises contracts 
the rate implicit in the contract may be used if available.  
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets and 
the lease liabilities as “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet.  
The depreciation policy is consistent with that of similar 
owned assets, but the depreciation period is normally capped 
at the end of the lease term.  Impairment testing of the righ of 
use assets is performed following the same principles as for 
similar owned assets.  Interest expense on lease liabilities is 
presented as “Interest expense” in the income statement.  
The assets are classified as Land and buildings and Equip-
ment.  Equipment mainly comprises vehicles and IT hardware.  
Nordea applies the practical expedient for short-term con-
tracts (with a contract term of 12 months or less) both for 
Land and buildings and for Equipment.  The practical expedi-
ent for low value assets is applied on Equipment.  Short-term 
and low value contracts are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and the payments are recognised as expenses in the 
income statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term unless another systematic way better 
reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit.  
Leases are mainly related to office premises contracts but 
also to company cars, IT hardware and other assets normal to 
the business.  The premises are mainly divided into banking 
branches and headoffices.  The premises contracts are actively 
managed with focus on the effective use of the premises and 
the changes in the business environment.  The lease payments 
generally include fixed payments and especially in premises 
contracts also variable payments that depend on an index.

--- Page 250 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
89
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Residual value guarantees, or purchase options are generally 
not used.
The lease term is the expected lease term.  This comprises 
the non-cancellable period of lease contracts and any options 
that Nordea is reasonably certain to exercise.  The length of 
contracts with no end date is estimated by considering all 
facts and circumstances.  
The expected lease term of most of the premises contracts 
is 1–10 years whereas the expected lease term of the main 
head office contracts in the Nordic countries is 15–25 years.  
These contracts generally have renewal options.
Embedded leases
Agreements can contain a right to use an asset in return for a 
payment, or a series of payments, although the agreement is 
not in the legal form of a leasing contract.  If applicable, these 
assets are separated from the contract and accounted for as 
leased assets.
16.  Intangible assets
Intangible assets are identifiable, non-monetary assets with-
out physical substance.  The assets are under Nordea’s control, 
which means that Nordea has the power and rights to obtain 
the future economic benefits flowing from the underlying 
resource.  The intangible assets in Nordea mainly consist of 
goodwill, IT development/computer software and customer-
related intangible assets.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition 
over the fair value of Nordea’s share of net identifiable assets 
of the acquired group undertaking/associated undertaking/
joint venture at the date of acquisition.  Goodwill on acquisi-
tion of group undertakings and joint ventures is included in 
“Intangible assets”. Goodwill on acquisitions of associated 
undertaking is not recognised as a separate asset but includ-
ed in “Investments in associated undertakings”. Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.  
Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment loss-
es.  Impairment losses on goodwill cannot be reversed in sub-
sequent periods.  Goodwill related to associated undertakings 
and joint ventures is not tested for impairment separately but 
included in the total carrying amount of the associated under-
takings and the joint ventures.  The policies covering impair-
ment testing of associated undertakings and joint ventures 
are disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating income 
and impairment”.
IT development/Computer software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software pro-
grams are expensed as incurred.  Costs directly associated 
with major software development investments, with the abil-
ity to generate future economic benefits, are recognised as 
intangible assets.  These costs include software development 
staff costs and overhead expenditures directly attributable to 
preparing the asset for use.  Computer software also includes 
acquired software licences not related to the function of a 
tangible asset.
Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the 
useful life of the software, generally a period of 3 to 5 years, 
and in some circumstances for strategic infrastructure up to a 
maximum of 10 years.
Customer-related intangible assets
In business combinations a portion of the purchase price is 
normally allocated to a customer-related intangible asset, if 
the asset is identifiable and under Nordea’s control.  An intan-
gible asset is identifiable if it arises from contractual or legal 
rights, or could be separated from the entity and sold, trans-
ferred, licenced, rented or exchanged.  The asset is amortised 
over its useful life, generally over maximum 10 years.
Impairment 
Goodwill and IT development not yet taken into use are not 
amortised but tested for impairment annually irrespective of 
any indications of impairment.  Impairment testing is also per-
formed more frequently if required due to any indication of 
impairment.  The impairment charge is calculated as the dif-
ference between the carrying amount and the recoverable 
amount.  
At each balance sheet date, all intangible assets with defi-
nite useful lives, including IT development taken into use, are 
reviewed for indications of impairment.  If such indications 
exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying 
amount of the intangible asset is fully recoverable.  
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the asset or the cash-gen-
erating unit, which is defined as the smallest identifiable 
group of assets that generate largely independent cash flows 
in relation to other assets.  For goodwill and IT development 
not yet taken into use, the cash generating units are defined 
as the operating segments.  The value in use is the present 
value of the cash flows expected to be realised from the asset 
or the cash-generating unit.  The cash flows are assessed 
based on the asset or cashgenerating unit in its current condi-
tion and discounted at a rate based on the long-term risk-free 
interest rate plus a risk premium.  If the recoverable amount is 
less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recog-
nised.  See Note G21 “Intangible assets” for more information 
on the impairment testing.
17.  Properties and equipment
Properties and equipment include own-used properties, 
leasehold improvements, IT equipment, furniture and other 
equipment.  Items of properties and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses.  The cost of an item of properties and 
equipment comprises its purchase price as well as any direct-
ly attributable costs of bringing the asset to the working con-
dition for its intended use.  When parts of an item of property 
and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items.
Properties and equipment are depreciated on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets.  The esti-
mates of the useful life of different assets are reassessed on a 
yearly basis.  Below follow the current estimates:
Buildings
30–75 years
Equipment
3–5 years
Leasehold 
improvements
Changes within buildings the shorter of 10 
years and the remaining leasing term.  New 
construction the shorter of the principles 
used for owned buildings and the remaining 
leasing term.  Fixtures installed in leased 
properties are depreciated over the shorter of 
10–20 years and the remaining leasing term.
At each balance sheet date, Nordea assesses whether there is 
any indication that an item of property and equipment may 
be impaired.  If any such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the asset is estimated, and any impairment loss is 
recognised.
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 251 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
90
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
18.  Investment properties
Investment properties are primarily properties held to earn 
rent and/or capital appreciation.  The majority of the proper-
ties in Nordea are attributable to Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Nordea applies the fair value model for subsequent measure-
ment of investment properties.  The best evidence of a fair 
value is normally given by quoted prices in an active market 
for similar properties in the same location and condition.  As 
these prices are rarely available, discounted cash flow projec-
tion models based on reliable estimates of future cash flows 
are also used.  
Net rental income, gains and losses as well as fair value 
adjustments are recognised directly in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value”.
19.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders include obligations according to 
insurance contracts and investment contracts with policy-
holders for all the companies in Nordea Life & Pensions, 
including companies in Sweden, Norway, Finland and 
Denmark.
An insurance contract is defined as “a contract under 
which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance 
risks from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future 
event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder”.
Investment contracts are contracts with policyholders that 
have the legal form of insurance contracts but where the 
insurance risk transfer has been assessed to be insignificant.
The insurance risk is generally calculated as the risk sum 
payable as a percentage of the reserve behind the contract  
at the beginning of the contract period.
The contracts can be divided into the following classes:
•	 Insurance contracts:
-- 	Traditional life insurance contracts with and without  
discretionary participation feature
-- 	Unit-linked contracts with significant insurance risk
-- 	Health and personal accident
•	  Investment contracts:
-- 	Investment contracts with discretionary participation 
feature
-- 	Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
feature
Insurance contracts 
The measurement principles under local GAAP have been 
maintained, consequently resulting in a non-uniform account-
ing policies method on consolidation.
The measurement of traditional life insurance provisions in 
Denmark and Finland are prepared by calculating the present 
value of future benefits to which the policyholders are enti-
tled.  The calculation includes assumptions about market con-
sistent discounting rates as well as expenses and life risk.  The 
discount rate is based on the liabilities’ current term.  In Den-
mark, the provision also includes bonus potential on paid pol-
icies and on future premiums.
In Norway the traditional life insurance provisions are 
mainly calculated on the basis of a prospective method.  The 
discount rate used is equal to the original tariff rates adjusted 
for assumptions about expenses and risk.  
The accounting policy for each company is based on the 
local structure of the business and is related to the solvency 
rules and national regulation concerning profit sharing and 
other requirements about collective bonus potential (not allo-
cated provisions that protect the policyholders).
Unit-linked contracts represent life insurance provisions 
relating to Unit-linked policies written either with or without 
an investment guarantee.  Unit-linked contracts classified as 
insurance contracts include the same insurance risk elements 
as traditional insurance contracts.  These contracts are mainly 
recognised and measured at fair value on the basis of: 
•	 the fair value of the assets linked to the Unit-linked con-
tracts, and
•	 the estimated present value of the insurance risk which is 
calculated in the same way as traditional insurance con-
tracts considering the impact on every risk element includ-
ed in the cash flows.
Health and personal accident provisions include premium 
reserves and claims outstanding.  This item is recognised and 
measured on deferred basis, the same principle as used for 
general insurance contracts.  
Investment contracts 
Contracts classified as investment contracts are contracts 
with policyholders which do not transfer sufficient insurance 
risk to be classified as insurance contracts and are written 
with an investment guarantee or a discretionary participation 
feature.
Investment contracts with discretionary participation fea-
tures are, in line with IFRS 4, accounted for as insurance con-
tracts using local accounting principles.  Nordea Life & Pen-
sion has only a small number of these contracts.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features are recognised and measured at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, equal to fair value of the assets linked to 
these contracts.  These assets are classified into the category 
Designated at fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch.
Discretionary participating features (DPF)
Some traditional life insurance contracts and investment con-
tracts include a contractual right for the policyholder to 
receive significant benefits in addition to guaranteed benefits.  
Nordea has discretion to pay these additional benefits as 
bonus on risk result, expense result and interest rate.  These 
DPF contracts (collective bonus potential) are classified as 
liabilities on the balance sheet.
Collective bonus potential includes amounts allocated but 
not attributed to the policyholders.  In Finland, collective 
bonus potential includes the policyholder’s part of the total 
unrealised investment gains and bonus potential on paid poli-
cies and future premiums (the difference between retrospec-
tive and market consistent prospective measurement prin-
ciples of the insurance contracts).  In Norway, collective bonus 
potential includes the policyholder’s part of both the total 
unrealised investment gains and additional reserves.  In Swe-
den and Denmark, the main valuation principle is fair value 
(insurance contracts).  The policyholder’s part of both realised 
and unrealised investment gains is therefore included on the 
balance sheet representing either “Change in technical provi-
sions, Life insurance” and/or “Change in collective bonus 
potentials, Life insurance”, depending on whether the invest-
ment result is allocated or not.  Both the mentioned lines are 
included on the balance sheet line “Liabilities to 
policyholders”.
Liability adequacy test
The adequacy of insurance provisions is assessed at each 
reporting date to ensure that the carrying amount of the liabili-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 252 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
91
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
ties is higher than the best estimate of future cash flows dis-
counted with current interest rates.  If needed, additional provi-
sions are accounted for and recognised in the income statement.  
20.  Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked investment contracts
Deposit in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts are contracts with customers and policyholders where 
the total risk is borne by the customers or the policyholders.  
The deposits are invested in different types of financial assets 
on behalf of the customers and policyholders.  
Unit-linked investment contracts include investment con-
tracts written without any investment guarantees and that do 
not transfer sufficient insurance risk to be classified as insur-
ance contracts.
The assets and deposits in these contracts are recognised 
and measured at fair value as described in section 13 “Finan-
cial instrument” above.
21.  Taxes
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement com-
prises current and deferred income tax.  The income tax 
expense is recognised in the income statement, unless the tax 
effect relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case the tax effect is rec-
ognised in other comprehensive income or in equity 
respectively.  
Current tax is the expected tax expense on the taxable 
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax pay-
able in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using the 
balance sheet method, for temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation pur-
poses.  Deferred tax assets are recognised for the carry for-
ward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits.  Deferred 
tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising on ini-
tial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither account-
ing nor taxable profit, nor for differences relating to invest-
ments in group undertakings, associated undertakings and 
joint ventures to the extent that it is probable that they will 
not reverse in the foreseeable future.  In addition, deferred tax 
is not recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on 
the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, 
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.  Deferred tax assets and liabili-
ties are not discounted.  A deferred tax asset is recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences, tax 
losses carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised.  
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and 
are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.  
Tax positions are regularly reviewed to identify situations 
where it is not probable that the relevant tax authorities will 
accept the treatment used in the tax filings.  Uncertain tax 
positions are considered independently or as a group, 
depending on which approach better predicts the resolution 
of the uncertainty.  If Nordea concludes it is not probable that 
the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, 
the effect of uncertainty is reflected when determining the 
related taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits or tax rates.  This is done by using either 
the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on 
which method better predicts the outcome of the uncertainty.  
Uncertain tax treatment can affect both current tax and 
deferred tax.
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to recover 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  Deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities are generally offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities.
22.  Provisions
Provisions (which are presented as a liability) are recognised 
when Nordea has a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
as a result of a past event if it is probable (i. e.  more likely than 
not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic ben-
efits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.  
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of the reporting period.
Provisions relating to Employee benefits are further 
described in section 24 and provisions relating to Financial 
guarantees contract and credit commitments are described in 
section 26.
23.  Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit 
or loss attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp by 
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the period.  
Diluted earnings per share are determined by adjusting the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for 
the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, consisting 
of rights to performance shares in the long-term incentive 
programmes and contracts on Nordea shares that can be set-
tled in Nordea shares, i. e.  derivatives such as options and 
warrants and their equivalents.  Such contracts affect diluted 
earnings per share when and only when the average price of 
ordinary shares during the period exceeds the exercise price 
of the options or warrants (i. e.  they are in the money).  
The potential ordinary shares are only considered to be 
dilutive, on the balance sheet date, if all performance condi-
tions are fulfilled and if a conversion to ordinary shares would 
decrease earnings per share.  The rights are furthermore con-
sidered dilutive only when the exercise price, with the addi-
tion of future services, is lower than the period’s average 
share price.
24.  Employee benefits
All forms of consideration given by Nordea to its employees 
as compensation for services performed are employee ben-
efits.  Short-term benefits are to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period when the services have 
been performed.  Post-employment benefits are benefits pay-
able after the termination of the employment.  Post-employ-
ment benefits in Nordea consist only of pensions.  Termination 
benefits normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if an employee accepts an offer 
of voluntary redundancy.
Short-term benefits
Short-term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable salary. 
Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in the period when 
the employees have performed services to Nordea.  Nordea has 
also issued share-based payment programmes, which are further 
described in section 27 “Share-based payment”. 
More information can be found in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 253 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
92
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Post-employment benefits
Pension plans
The companies within Nordea have various pension plans, 
consisting of both defined benefit pension plans and defined 
contribution pension plans, reflecting national practices and 
conditions in the countries where Nordea operates.  Defined 
benefit pension plans are predominantly sponsored in Swe-
den, Norway and Finland.  The major defined benefit pension 
plans are funded schemes covered by assets in pension 
funds/foundations.  If the fair value of plan assets, associated 
with a specific pension plan, is lower than the gross present 
value of the defined benefit obligation determined using the 
projected unit credit method, the net amount is recognised as 
a liability (“Retirement benefit liabilities”).  If not, the net 
amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement benefit 
assets”).  Non-funded pension plans are recognised as 
“Retirement benefit liabilities “.
Most pensions in Denmark, but also plans in other coun-
tries, are based on defined contribution arrangements that 
hold no pension liability for Nordea.  All defined benefit pen-
sion plans are closed for new employees.  Nordea also con-
tributes to public pension systems.
Pension costs
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are recog-
nised as an expense as the employee renders services to the 
entity and the contribution payable in exchange for that ser-
vice becomes due.  Nordea’s net obligation for defined benefit 
pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by esti-
mating the amount of future benefit that employees have 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods.  That 
benefit is discounted to determine its present value.  Actuarial 
calculations including the projected unit credit method are 
applied to assess the present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions and related costs, based on several actuarial and finan-
cial assumptions (as disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement ben-
efit obligations”).  
When establishing the present value of the obligation and 
the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement effects may 
arise as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions and 
experience effects (actual outcome compared to assump-
tions).  The remeasurement effects are recognised immedi-
ately in equity through other comprehensive income.  
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised 
asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the 
plan.
Social security contribution is calculated and accounted for 
based on the net recognised surplus or deficit by plan and is 
included on the balance sheet as “Retirement benefit liabili-
ties” or “Retirement benefit assets”.
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans
The discount rate is determined by reference to high-quality 
corporate bonds, where a deep enough market for such 
bonds exists.  Covered bonds are in this context considered to 
be corporate bonds.  In countries where no such market exists 
the discount rate is determined by reference to government 
bond yields.  In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the discount 
rate is determined with reference to covered bonds and in 
Finland with reference to corporate bonds.  In Sweden, Nor-
way and Denmark the observed covered bond credit spreads 
over the swap curve are derived from the most liquid long-
dated covered bonds and extrapolated to the same duration 
as the pension obligations using the relevant swap curves.  In 
Finland the corporate bond credit spread over the govern-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
ment bond rate is extrapolated to the same duration as the 
pension obligation using the government bond curve.  
Termination benefits
As mentioned above termination benefits normally arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, 
or if an employee accepts an offer of voluntary redundancy.  
Termination benefits do not arise if the employees have to 
continue performing services and the termination benefits 
can be considered to be normal compensation for those 
services.  
Termination benefits are expensed when Nordea has an 
obligation to make the payment.  An obligation arises when 
there is a formal plan committed to on the appropriate organ-
isational level and when Nordea is without realistic possibility 
of withdrawal, which normally occurs when the plan has 
been communicated to the group affected or to their 
representatives.  
Termination benefits can include both short-term benefits, 
for instance a number of months’ salary, and post-employ-
ment benefits, normally in the form of early retirement.  Short-
term benefits are classified as “Salaries and remuneration” 
and post-employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note G8 
“Staff costs”. 
25.  Equity
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests comprise the portion of net assets 
of group undertakings not owned directly or indirectly by 
Nordea Bank Abp.
For each business combination, Nordea measures the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets.
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Nordea determines payments on financial instrument clas-
sified as equity (i. e.  Additional Tier 1 instruments) as distribu-
tions of profits and for that reason such payments are 
accounted for as dividends.  
Invested unrestricted equity/Share premium reserve
The reserve consists of the difference between the subscrip-
tion price and the quota value of the shares in Nordea’s rights 
issue.  Transaction costs in connection to the rights issue have 
been deducted.
Other reserves
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net after tax 
effects, which are reported in equity through other compre-
hensive income.  These reserves include reserves for cash flow

--- Page 254 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
93
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
hedges, financial assets classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit pension 
plans, as well as a reserve for translation differences.  
Retained earnings
Apart from undistributed profits from previous years, retained 
earnings include the equity portion of untaxed reserves.  
Untaxed reserves according to national rules are accounted 
for as equity net of deferred tax at prevailing tax rates in the 
respective country.
In addition, Nordea’s share of the earnings in associated 
undertakings and joint ventures, after the acquisition date, 
that have not been distributed is included in retained 
earnings.
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are not accounted for as assets.  Acquisitions 
of treasury shares are recognised as a deduction of “Retained 
earnings” on the balance sheet.  Also, own shares in trading 
portfolios are classified as treasury shares.  Divested treasury 
shares are recognised as an increase of “Retained earnings”.
Contracts on Nordea shares that can be settled net in cash, 
i. e.  derivatives such as options and warrants and their equiva-
lents, are either presented as financial assets or financial 
liabilities.
26.  Financial guarantee contracts 
and credit commitments
Upon initial recognition, premiums received in issued finan-
cial guarantee contracts and credit commitments are recog-
nised as prepaid income on the balance sheet.  The guaran-
tees and irrevocable credit commitments are subsequently 
measured and recognised as a provision on the balance sheet 
at the higher of either the received fee less amortisation, or 
an amount calculated in accordance with IFRS 9.  Changes in 
provisions are recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net loan losses”. 
Premiums received for financial guarantees are, as stated 
in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and impair-
ment”, amortised over the guarantee period and recognised 
as “Fee and commission income” in the income statement.  
Premiums received on credit commitments are generally 
amortised over the loan commitment period.  The contractual 
amounts are recognised off-balance sheet, net of any provi-
sions.  Financial guarantees are disclosed in the item “Contin-
gent liabilities” and irrevocable credit commitments in the 
item “Commitments”.
27.  Share-based payment
Equity-settled programmes
Nordea has issued programmes where employees participat-
ing in these programmes are granted share-based equity-set-
tled rights, i. e.  rights to receive shares for free or to acquire 
shares in Nordea at a significant discount compared to the 
share price at grant date.  The value of such rights is 
expensed.  The expense is based on the estimated fair value of 
each right at grant date.  The total fair value is the original fair 
value per right times the best estimate of rights that will 
eventually vest, which is reassessed at each reporting date.  
The fair value is expensed on a straight-line basis over the 
vesting period.  The vesting period is the period that the 
employees have to remain in service in Nordea in order for 
their rights to vest.  Market performance conditions in Perfor-
mance Share II are reflected as a probability adjustment to 
the initial estimate of fair value at grant date.  There is no 
adjustment (true-up) for differences between estimated and 
actual vesting due to market conditions.  
Social security costs are also allocated over the vesting 
period.  The provision for social security costs is reassessed on 
each reporting date to ensure that the provision is based on 
the rights’ fair value at the reporting date.
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Cash-settled programmes
Nordea has to defer payment of variable salaries under Nordic 
FSA’s regulations and general guidelines, as is also the case 
with the Executive Incentive Programme (EIP).  The deferred 
amounts are to some extent indexed using Nordea’s TSR 
(Total Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” are 
cash-settled share-based programmes.  These programmes 
are fully vested when the payments of variable salaries are ini-
tially deferred, and the fair value of the obligation is remea-
sured on a continuous basis.  The remeasurements are, togeth-
er with the related social charges, recognised in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
28.  Related party transactions
Nordea defines related parties as:
•	 Shareholders with significant influence
•	 Associated undertakings and joint ventures
•	 Key management personnel
•	 Other related parties
All transactions with related parties are made on an arm’s 
length basis, apart from loans granted to employees as well 
as certain other commitments to key management, see
Note G8 “Staff costs” and Note G38 “Contingent liabilities”.
Shareholders with significant influence
Shareholders with significant influence are shareholders that 
have the power to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of Nordea but do not control those policies.
Associated undertakings and joint ventures
For the definition of associated undertakings and joint ven-
tures, see section 5 “Principles of consolidation”. 
Further information on the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures included in the Nordea Group is found in 
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and joint 
ventures”.
Key management personnel
Key management personnel includes the following positions:
•	 Board of Directors
•	 Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
•	 Group Leadership Team (GLT)
For information about compensation, pensions and other 
transactions with key management personnel, see Note G8 
“Staff costs”. 
Other related parties
Other related parties comprise close family members to indi-
viduals in key management personnel.  Other related parties 
also include companies significantly influenced by key man-
agement personnel in the Nordea Group as well as compa-
nies significantly influenced by close family members to key 
management personnel.  Other related parties also include 
Nordea’s pension foundations.
Information concerning transactions between Nordea and 
other related parties is found in Note G45 “Related-party 
transactions”.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 255 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
94
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
29.  Presentation of disposal groups held for sale
Assets and liabilities related to disposal groups are presented 
on the separate balance sheet lines “Assets held for sale” and 
“Liabilities held for sale”, respectively, as from the classifica-
tion date.  Financial instruments continue to be measured 
under IFRS 9, while non-financial assets are held at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value.  Comparative figures are 
not restated.
30.  Exchange rates
Jan–Dec 2019
Jan–Dec 2018
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10. 5848
10. 2608
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10. 4563
10. 2330
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4661
7.4533
Balance sheet (at end of year)
7.4717
7.4672
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
9. 8499
9. 6033
Balance sheet (at end of year)
9. 8463
9. 9470
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
72. 4524
74. 0484
Balance sheet (at end of year)
69. 7096
79. 3826

--- Page 256 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
95
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in 
Nordea’s business strategies. Nordea has defined clear risk, 
liquidity and capital management frameworks, including poli-
cies and instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy 
and capital structure.
Internal Control Framework
The Internal Control Framework covers the whole Group and 
it sets out the Group Board’s and senior executive manage-
ment’s responsibilities towards internal control, all Group 
Functions and Business Areas including outsourced activities 
and distribution channels. Under the Internal Control Frame-
work, all Business Areas, Group Functions and units are 
responsible for managing the risks they incur in conducting 
their activities and to have controls in place that aim to ensure 
compliance with internal and external requirements. As part 
of the Internal Control Framework, Nordea has established 
Group Control Functions with appropriate and sufficient 
authority, independence and access to the Group Board to ful-
fil their mission, as well as the Risk Management Framework.
The Internal Control Framework ensures effective and effi-
cient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks, prudent conduct of business, sound 
administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of finan-
cial and non-financial information (both internal and exter-
nal) and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, stan-
dards, supervisory requirements and the Group internal rules.
The internal control process is carried out by the governing 
bodies, risk management functions, management and other 
staff at Nordea. The internal control process is based on five 
main components: control environment, risk assessment, con-
trol activities, information and communication as well as 
monitoring. The internal control process is created to ensure 
the necessary fundamentals for the entire organisation to 
contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of internal 
control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of 
roles and responsibilities and common tools and procedures.
Governing bodies for risk, liquidity 
and capital management 
The Group Board, the Board Risk Committee (BRIC), the Pres-
ident of Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Group Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the Asset and 
Liability Committee (ALCO) and the Risk Committee (RC) are 
the key decision-making bodies for risk, liquidity and capital 
management in Nordea. In addition, the CEO Credit Commit-
tee, the Executive Credit Committee and Business Area Credit 
Committees are the key bodies for Credit decision-making. 
Board of Directors and Board Risk Committee
The Group Board has following overarching risk management 
responsibilities.
•	 It decides on the Group risk strategy and the Risk Appetite 
Framework, including the Risk Appetite Statements, with at 
least annual reviews and additional updates when needed.
•	 It decides on and oversees an adequate and effective Risk 
Management Framework and regularly evaluates whether 
the Group has effective and appropriate controls to man-
age the risks. 
The Group Board decides on the Group Board Directive on 
Capital including dividend policy, which ensures adequate 
capital levels within the Group, on an ongoing and forward-
looking basis consistent with Nordea’s business model, risk 
appetite and regulatory requirements and expectations.
The Board Risk Committee (BRIC) assists the Group Board in 
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities concerning management 
and control of the risk, risk frameworks, controls and processes 
associated with the Group’s operations, including credit, market, 
liquidity, business, life and operational risk, as well as conduct 
and compliance risk and related frameworks and processes. 
President and Chief Executive Officer
The Group CEO is responsible to the Group Board for the 
overall management of the Group's operations and risks. 
Responsibilities include ensuring that the risk strategy and 
risk management decided by the Group Board is implement-
ed, the necessary practical measures are taken and risks are 
monitored and limited. The Group CEO is working together 
with heads of Business Areas and certain heads of Group 
Functions within GLT for the purposes of supporting the 
Group CEO’s decision-making.
Group-wide committees have been established in order to 
promote coordination within the Group, thus ensuring com-
mitment to and ownership of Group-wide prioritizations, 
decisions and implementation. The composition and the areas 
of responsibility of each committee are established in the 
Group Board Directives or Group CEO Instructions for the 
respective committees.
Asset and Liability Committee
The Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) is subordinated to 
the Group CEO in GLT and chaired by the Chief Financial Offi-
cer (CFO). ALCO decides on changes to the financial opera-
tions and the risk profile of the balance sheet, including asset 
and liability management (ALM), balance sheet management 
and liquidity management. ALCO also decides on certain issu-
ances and capital injections for all wholly-owned legal enti-
ties within the Group. ALCO has established sub-committees 
for its work and decision-making within specific risk areas. 
Risk Committee
Risk Committee (RC) is sub-ordinated to the Group CEO in 
GLT and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). It has been 
established in order to manage the overall Risk Management 
Framework and prepares or provides guidance regarding 
proposals to the Group CEO in GLT and/or the relevant Board 
of Directors (BoD) on issues of major importance concerning 
Nordea’s Risk Management Framework. Given the BoD decid-
ed Risk Appetite Framework, RC decides on the allocation of 
cascaded risks limits to risk-taking units and on actions relat-
ing to the management of all risks. The first line of defence 
(1st LoD) is responsible for ensuring that limits are further 
cascaded and operationally implemented. RC has established 
sub-committees for its work and decision-making within spe-
cific risk areas. 
Credit decision-making bodies
The governing bodies for Credit Risk and/or the Credit Risk 
Management Framework are the Group Board and BRIC. The 
Group Board and the local BoD delegate credit decision-mak-
ing according to the Powers to Act as described in the Group 
Board Directive for Risk:
•	 CEO Credit Committee is chaired by the Group CEO and its 
members include the members of the Executive Credit 
Committee.
•	 Executive Credit Committee is chaired by the Head of 
Group Credit Management, and BRIC appoints the mem-
bers of the Executive Credit Committee.
•	 The Executive Credit Committee establishes credit commit-
tees for each Business Area as required by organisational 
and customer segmentation.
BRIC reviews decisions of the CEO Credit Committee and the 
Executive Credit Committee, as well as other strategic credit 
policy matters and development of the credit portfolio. BRIC 
confirms Industry Group Strategies approved by the RC.
All credit limits within the Nordea Group are based on

--- Page 257 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
96
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
credit decisions or authorizations made by an ultimate Deci-
sion-Making Authority with the right to decide upon that 
limit. Credit decisions include, inter alia, pricing, risk mitiga-
tion and any terms and conditions related to the limit or 
expected utilization. Credit decisions also serve to delegate 
decision making within the approved limit to lower decision 
makers, unless otherwise explicitly decided.
Subsidiary governance
At subsidiary level, the local BoD is responsible for approving 
risk appetite limits and capital actions. The proposals for such 
items are the joint responsibilities of relevant subsidiary man-
agement and Group Functions. 
The subsidiary BoD has oversight responsibilities concern-
ing the management and control of risk, risk management 
frameworks as well as the processes associated with the sub-
sidiary’s operations. In addition, there are risk management 
functions responsible for the risk management framework 
and processes within the subsidiary. 
The subsidiary CEO is part of the decision-making process 
at the subsidiary level and is responsible for the daily 
operations.
Governance of Risk Management and Compliance
Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) represents Nordea’s inde-
pendent second line of defence (2nd LoD) function. GRC 
oversees the implementation of the financial and the non-
financial risk policies and according to a risk-based approach, 
monitors and controls the Risk Management Framework 
including the Compliance Risk Framework and oversees that 
risks that Nordea is or could be exposed to, are identified, 
assessed, monitored, managed and reported on. GRC is 
organised in divisions with individual risk type responsibility.
Risk and Capital Management Processes
The Risk Management Framework ensures consistent pro-
cesses for identifying, assessing and measuring, responding 
to and mitigating, controlling and monitoring and reporting 
risks to enable informed decisions on risk-taking. The Risk 
Management Framework encompasses all risks to which 
Nordea is or could be exposed, including off-balance sheet 
risks and risks in a stressed situation. Detailed risk informa-
tion, covering all risks as well as capital adequacy, is regularly 
reported to the RC, GLT, BRIC and the Group Board. In addi-
tion to this Nordea’s compliance with regulatory requirements 
is reported to the GLT and the Group Board. The Group Board 
and the CEO in each legal entity regularly receive local risk 
reporting.
The Risk Identification and Materiality Assessment Process 
starts with identifying potential risks to which Nordea is or 
could be exposed. Risks are then assessed for relevance, clas-
sified, and included in the Common Risk Taxonomy.
All risks within the Nordea Common Risk Taxonomy need 
to be classified as material or not material for risk manage-
ment and capital purposes. Material risks are those assessed 
as having a material impact on Nordea’s current and future 
financial position, its customers and stakeholders. These risks 
will typically, though not always, refer to a higher-level risk 
within the Risk Taxonomy which captures a number of under-
lying risks in which losses arise from a common source. 
Risk appetite
The Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) supports effective risk 
management and a sound risk culture by enabling informed 
decisions on risk-taking, with the objective of ensuring that 
risk-taking activities are conducted within the organisation’s 
risk appetite and that emerging risks are identified and 
addressed in a timely way.
Risk capacity is the maximum level of risk Nordea is 
deemed able to assume given its capital (own funds), its risk 
management and control capabilities and its regulatory con-
straints. Risk appetite is the aggregate level and types of risk 
Nordea is willing to assume within its risk capacity, in line 
with its business model, to achieve its strategic objectives. 
The Risk Appetite Statements (RAS) are the articulation of 
the Group Board approved risk appetite and comprises the 
qualitative statements and quantitative Limits and Triggers by 
main risk type, which are deemed appropriate to be able to 
operate with a prudent risk profile. 
Credit concentration metrics cover e.g. sectors and geo-
graphic regions of size or importance. Stress test metrics are 
applied to credit, market and liquidity risk metrics to ensure a 
forward-looking approach to risk management. Operational 
risk metrics cover both residual risk levels and requirements 
for mitigating actions as well as limits for incidents and 
losses. 
Risk appetite processes
The RAF contains all processes and controls to establish, 
monitor and communicate Nordea’s risk appetite:
•	 Risk capacity setting based on capital position: On an 
annual basis, the Group’s overall risk capacity is aligned 
with the financial and capital planning process, based on 
Nordea’s risk strategy. Risk capacity is set in line with 
Nordea’s capital position, including an appropriate shock 
absorbing capacity.
•	 Risk appetite allocation by risk type: Risk appetite includes 
Risk Appetite Limits for the main risk types that Nordea is 
or could be exposed to in line with the Risk Taxonomy. Risk 
Appetite Triggers are also set for these main risk types, to 
act as early indicators for key decision-makers that the risk 
profile for a particular risk type is approaching its Risk 
Appetite Limit.
•	 Risk limit setting: Measurable risk limits are established 
and set at an appropriate level to manage risk-taking 
effectively. Risk Appetite Limits are set by the Group Board. 
These inform the risk limits which are established and 
approved at lower decision-making levels at Nordea, 
including RC and sub-RC levels, and also other levels as 
appropriate. Subsidiary risk limits must be set by the 
appropriate governing body in alignment with local regula-
tory requirements and consistent with the Group Risk 
Limits.
•	 Controlling and monitoring risk exposures against risk lim-
its: Regular controlling and monitoring of risk exposures 
compared to risk limits is carried out to ensure that risk-
taking activity remains within risk appetite.
•	 Risk appetite limit breach management process: GRC over-
sees that any Risk Appetite Limit breaches are appropri-
ately escalated to RC and BRIC. GRC reports monthly on 
any breaches of the risk appetite to the Group Board and 
other relevant governing bodies including a follow-up on 
the status of actions to be taken, until the relevant risk 
exposure is within appetite. The reporting includes a con-
sistent status indicator to communicate the current risk 
exposure compared to Risk Appetite Limit for all risk types 
covered by the RAS.
Embedding risk appetite in business processes
The end-to-end risk appetite process cycle is aligned with 
other strategic processes, including the Internal Capital Ade-
quacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), Internal Liquidity Ade-
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 258 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
97
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
quacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery and 
Resolution Plan. 
Moreover, the risk appetite is embedded in business pro-
cesses and communicated across the organisation in order to 
meet Nordea’s objectives of maintaining a sound risk culture. 
This includes but is not limited to ensuring a strong link 
between the assessed risk appetite and the business plans 
and budgets, the capital and liquidity position, the systemic 
risk profile, the recoverability and resolvability assessments 
as well as the incentive structures and remuneration 
framework.
Disclosure requirements of the CRR – Capital 
and Risk Management Report 2019
Additional information on risk and capital management is 
presented in the Capital and Risk Management Report 2019, 
in accordance with the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR), which is based on the Basel III framework issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The report is 
available at www.nordea.com.
Credit Risk management
Credits granted within the Group shall conform to the com-
mon principles established for the Group. Nordea strives to 
have a well-diversified credit portfolio that is adapted to the 
structure of its home markets and economies.
The key principles for managing Nordea’s risk exposures are:
•	 the three Lines of Defence (LoD), as further described in 
the Policy for Internal Control in the Nordea Group;
•	 independency, i.e. the risk control function should be inde-
pendent of the business it controls; and
•	 risk-based approach, i.e. the risk control functions should 
be aligned to the nature, size and complexity of Nordea’s 
business, ensuring that efforts undertaken are proportional 
to the risks in question.
Group Credit Management in 1st LoD is responsible for the 
credit process framework and operational credit risk guide-
lines and SOPs. Group Credit Risk Control in 2nd LoD is 
responsible for the credit risk framework, consisting of poli-
cies and instructions for the Group. Group Credit Risk Control 
is also responsible for controlling and monitoring the quality 
of the credit portfolio and the credit process.
The basis of credit risk management in Nordea is limits to 
customers and customer groups that are aggregated and 
assigned to units responsible for their continuous monitoring 
and development. An additional dimension of concentration 
risk limits, based on industries, segments, products or geogra-
phies, shall likewise be aggregated, assigned to units respon-
sible for their monitoring and development and serve as caps 
on those limits. Each division/unit is primarily responsible for 
managing the credit risks in its operations within the appli-
cable framework and limits, including identification, control 
and reporting.
Within the powers to act granted by the Board of Directors, 
Internal credit risk limits are approved by credit decision mak-
ing authorities on different levels in the organisation consti-
tuting the maximum risk appetite on the customer in ques-
tion. Individual credit decisions within the approved internal 
credit risk limit are taken within the customer responsible unit 
(CRU). The risk categorisation together with the exposure of 
the customer decides at what level the credit decision will be 
made. Responsibility for a credit risk lies with the customer 
responsible unit. Customers are risk-categorized by a rating 
or score in accordance with Nordea’s rating and scoring 
guidelines. The rating and scoring of customers aim to predict 
their probability of default and consequently rank them 
according to their respective default risk. Rating and scoring 
are used as integrated parts of the credit risk management 
and decision-making process. Representatives from 1st LoD 
credit organization approve the rating independently.
Credit risk definition and identification 
Credit risk is defined as the potential for loss due to failure of 
a borrower(s) to meet its obligations to clear a debt in accor-
dance with agreed terms and conditions. The potential for 
loss is lowered by credit risk mitigation techniques. Credit risk 
stems mainly from various forms of lending, but also from 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit Committee Structure 
Board of Directors / Board Risk Committee
Chief Executive Officer Credit Committee / Executive Credit Committee
Business Banking Group Credit Committee 
*Large Corporates & Institutions Credit Committee 
Personal Banking and Private Banking Country Credit Committees 
Local Credit Committees Business Banking
Private Banking 
Global Credit 
Committee
 Banks & 
Countries  
CC
*Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions 
Local CC
Personal Banking 
Nordic Credit 
Committee
Shipping 
Offshore and 
Oil Services 
CC
Business Banking 
Country Credit 
Committees
LBO Credit Committee
REMI Credit Committee
Financial  
Inst. Group  
CC
Russia  
CC
Russia  
Local  
CC
Four-eyes principle
Personal Powers to Act
There is currently an additional Baltic Desk Credit Committee on level 4. This committee handles carve out cases from the merger to Luminor.  
This committee will continue to exist as long as there are remaining customers to handle, or until other decision is taken.
*Reflects organisational name change as of 1 January 2020.

--- Page 259 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
98
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
issued guarantees and documentary credits and includes 
counterparty credit risk, transfer risk and settlement risk. 
Nordea’s loan portfolio is furthermore broken down by seg-
ment, industry and geography. Industry credit policies are 
established for those industries that have a significant weight 
in the portfolio and are either highly cyclical or volatile or 
require special industry competencies.
Credit decisions are reached after a credit risk assessment, 
based on principles that are defined consistently across the 
Group. These principles emphasize the need to adjust the 
depth and scope of the assessment according to the risk. The 
same credit risk assessments are used as input for determining 
the internal ratings. Credit decisions in Nordea reflect Nordea’s 
view of both the customer relationship and credit risk.
All credit assessments in Nordea shall adequately reflect a 
consideration of relevant environmental, social and govern-
mental risks and conform to the Nordea Sustainability Policy. 
The total credit risk assessment shall be a combined risk con-
clusion on the obligor’s repayment capacity and the Group’s 
recovery position. The risk conclusion must be sufficiently for-
ward-looking as compared to the risk profile of the customer 
and maturity of the transaction.
In addition to credit risk assessment in conjunction with 
new or changed exposure towards a customer, an annual or 
continuous credit review process is in place. The review pro-
cess is an important part of the continuous credit analysis 
process.
If credit weakness is identified in relation to a customer 
exposure, the customer is categorized as “High Risk” and 
receives special attention in terms of more frequent reviews. 
In addition to continuous monitoring, an action plan is estab-
lished outlining how to minimise the potential credit loss. If 
necessary, a work-out team is set up to support the customer 
responsible unit.
Credit risk mitigation
Credit risk mitigation is an inherent part of the credit decision 
process. In every credit decision and review, the valuation of 
collaterals is considered as well as the adequacy of covenants 
and other risk mitigations. Pledge of collateral is a fundamen-
tal credit risk mitigation technique in the bank and collaterals 
are always sought, when reasonable and possible, to mini-
mize the potential for credit losses. In every credit decision 
and review, the value of collaterals must be considered.
In corporate exposures, the main collateral types are real 
estate, floating charges and leasing objects. Collateral cover-
age should generally be higher for exposures of financially 
weaker customers than for those who are financially strong. 
Independent from the strength of collateral position, the 
repayment capacity is the starting point in credit assessment 
and assigning credit limits. Regarding large exposures, syndi-
cation of loans is the primary tool for managing concentration 
risk, while credit risk mitigation using credit default swaps is 
applied to a limited extent. Covenants in credit agreements 
are an important complement to both secured and unsecured 
exposures. Most exposures of substantial size and complexity 
include appropriate covenants. Financial covenants are 
designed to react to early warning signs and are carefully 
monitored.
The collateral value shall always be based on the market 
value. The market value is defined as the estimated amount 
for which the asset or liability would exchange on the date of 
valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an 
arm’s length transaction, after proper marketing and where 
the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and 
without compulsion. From this market value, a haircut is 
applied. The haircut is defined as a percentage by which the 
asset’s market value is reduced ensuring a margin against 
loss. The margin reflects the adjustments needed to assess 
the cash proceeds when the collateral is liquidated in a forced 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Maximum exposure to credit risk
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Note
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
G14
11,627
6,110
15,287
3,689
Loans to the public
G14
247,395
77,514
236,497
73,833
Interest-bearing securities
G15, G16
33,269
38,813
36,951
46,841
Derivatives
G19
–
39,111
–
37,025
Off balance sheet items
G38, G39
91,776
200
89,495
175
Total
384,067
161,748
378,230
161,563
Allowances for credit risk
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
G14
14
15
Loans to the public
G14
2,169
2,025
Interest-bearing securities measured  
at fair value through other compre­
hensive income or amortised cost
G15
1
2
Off balance sheet items
G33
144
121
Total
2,328
2,163

--- Page 260 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
99
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
sale situation. A maximum collateral ratio is set for each col-
lateral type.
The same principles of calculation must be used for all 
exposures. For High Risk customers, the foreclosure value 
may differ from the maximum collateral values and should be 
based on a realistic assessment for the particular asset at that 
time. Risk transfer to other creditworthy parties, through 
guarantees and insurance, shall be based on legally enforce-
able documentation.
Collateral distribution 
Distribution of collateral has remained stable between 2019 
and 2018, with the majority of the collateral stemming from 
residential and commercial real estate. The shares of financial 
collateral, receivables, and other physical collaterals have 
slightly decreased during 2019, while the share of commercial 
real estate has increased by 2% in 2019.
Collateral distribution
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Financial Collateral
0.8%
1.1%
Receivables
0.7%
0.9%
Residential Real Estate
73.2%
72.9%
Commercial Real Estate
18.7%
18.3%
Other Physical Collateral
6.6%
6.8%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
Assets taken over for protection of claims
The table below presents assets taken over distributed by 
asset type. Lands and buildings make up 87% of the total 
assets taken over end of December 2019. During 2019 the 
Assets have been brought down by 57%. The level of assets 
taken over is at a low level and has been so for several years.
Assets taken over for protection of claims1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Current assets, carrying amount:
Land and buildings
8
19
Shares and other participations
0
0
Other assets
1
2
Total
9
21
1)	 In accordance with Nordea’s policy for taking over assets for protection of claims, 
which is in compliance with the local Banking Business Acts, wherever Nordea is 
located. Assets used as collateral for the loan are generally taken over when the cus-
tomer is not able to fulfil its obligations to Nordea. The assets taken over are at the 
latest disposed when full recovery is reached.	
	
Loan-to-value 
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure 
to evaluate collateral's quality, i.e. the credit extended divided 
by the market value of the collateral pledged. In the table, 
IRB retail mortgage exposures are distributed by LTV buckets 
based on the LTV ratio. 
Loan-to-value
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retail mortgage exposure
EURbn
%
EURbn
%
<50%
113.6
81
110.9
81
50–70%
20.3
14
19.6
14
70–80%
4.5
3
4.3
3
80–90%
1.2
1
1.2
1
>90%
0.9
1
0.6
1
Total
140.5
100
136.6
100
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Individual and collective assessment of impairment 
Requirements for impairment are set forth in IFRS 9, and are 
based on an expected loss model.
Impairment testing (individual and collective) applies to 
three forward looking and weighted scenarios. Assets tested 
for impairment are divided into three groups depending on 
the stage of credit deterioration. Stage 1 includes assets 
where there has been no significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 2 includes assets where there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets. 
All assets are assessed individually for staging. Significant 
assets in stage 3 are tested for impairment individually. Assets 
in stage 1, stage 2 and insignificant assets in stage 3 are test-
ed for impairment collectively. 
Throughout the process of identifying and mitigating credit 
impairment, Nordea continuously reviews the quality of credit 
exposures. Weak and credit impaired exposures are closely 
monitored and reviewed at least on a quarterly basis in terms 
of current performance, business outlook, future debt service 
capacity, and the possible need for provisions.
Nordea recognises only certain specific credit risk adjust-
ments (SCRAs). SCRAs comprise individually and collectively 
assessed provisions. SCRAs during the year are referred to as 
loan losses, while SCRAs in the balance sheet are referred to 
as allowances and provisions.
Individual provisioning 
A need for individual provisioning is recognised if, based on 
credit events and observable data, a negative impact is likely 
on the customer’s expected future cash flow to the extent 
that full repayment is unlikely (pledged collaterals taken into 
account).
Exposures with individually assigned provisions are credit 
impaired. The size of the provision is equal to the estimated 
loss, which is the difference between the book value of the 
outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the 
expected future cash flow, including the value of pledged 
collateral.
Default 
Customers with exposures that are past due more than 90 
days, being in bankruptcy or considered unlikely to pay are 
regarded as defaulted and can be either servicing debt or 
non-servicing.
If a customer recovers from being in default, the customer 
is seen as cured. Typically, this situation occurs if the customer 
succeeds in creating a balance in financials. In order to be 
cured, the recovery should include the customer’s total liabili-
ties, an established satisfactory repayment plan and an 
assessment that the recovery is underway.
Collective provisioning 
The collective model is executed quarterly and assessed for 
each legal unit/branch. One important driver for provisions is 
the trigger for the transferring of assets from stage 1 to stage 
2. For assets recognised from 1 January 2018, changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) are used as the trigger. In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2. In stage 1, the provisions equal the 12 
months expected loss. In stages 2 and 3, the provisions equal 
the lifetime expected loss. The output is complemented with 
an expert-based analysis process to ensure adequate provi-
sioning. Defaulted customers without individual provisions 
have collective provisions.

--- Page 261 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
100
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Forbearance 
Forbearance is eased terms or restructuring due to the bor-
rower experiencing or about to experience financial difficul-
ties. The intention with granting forbearance for a limited 
time period is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding 
debt. Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation 
profile, repayment schedule, customer margin as well as ease 
of financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on a selec-
tive and individual basis, approved according to Powers to 
Act and followed by impairment testing. Forborne exposures 
can be performing or non-performing. Individual loan loss 
provisions are recognised if necessary. 
Forbearance
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forborne loans
2,992
3,561
- of which defaulted
1,984
2,267
Allowances for individually assessed impaired 
and forborne loans
679
714
- of which defaulted
664
693
Key ratios
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forbearance ratio1
0.9%
1.1%
Forbearance coverage ratio2
23%
20%
- of which defaulted
33%
31%
1)  Forborne loans/Loans before allowances. 
2)  Individual allowances/Forborne loans.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Sensitivities
2019
2018
EURm
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Personal Banking
412
566
339
472
Business Banking
1,038
1,184
998
1,145
Large Corporates & Institutions
868
945
752
838
Other
10
20
74
84
Group
2,328
2,715
2,163
2,539
Sensitivities
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is to assess what constitutes a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk. To understand the sensitivities to 
these triggers, Nordea has calculated model-based provisions 
under two different scenarios: 
Scenario 1
Scenario 2
Retail portfolios
Relative threshold
50%
150%
Absolute 12-month threshold
35 bp
55 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
250 bp
350 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
Non-Retail portfolios 
Relative threshold
100%
200%
Absolute 12-month threshold
15 bp
25 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
350 bp
450 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
1)  For exposures with initial recognition before the transition to IFRS 9 (1 Jan 2018), 
stage classification is decided based on changes in rating grades. The trigger in sce-
nario 1 is set at one notch less than in the model actually used and in scenario 2 the 
trigger is set at one notch more than in the model used.
The provisions would have increased by EUR 38m in scenario 
1 and decreased by EUR 44m in scenario 2. For more informa-
tion on the rating scale and average PDs, see table “Rating/
scoring information on loans measured at amortised cost” 
below.
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if trig-
gers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on 
provisions from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in 
the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all 
exposures as well as the impact of transferring exposures 
from stage 1 to stage 2 that reach the trigger. It also includes 
the impact from the exposures with one rating grade above 
default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 141m 
(EUR 120m). This figure is based on calculations with the sta-
tistical model rather than individual estimates that would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans.

--- Page 262 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
101
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Forward looking information
Forward looking information is used both for assessing sig-
nificant increase in credit risk and in the calculation of expect-
ed credit losses. Nordea estimates three macro-economic sce-
narios, a baseline together with an upside and a downside 
scenario.
The baseline macroeconomic and financial scenario is pro-
vided by Nordea Advisory & Analytics based on an Oxford 
Economics model. The macro economic forecast is a combi-
nation of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thor-
ough checks and quality control processes. The model has 
been built to give a good description of the historic relation-
ships between economic variables and to capture the key 
linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the 
model is ten years and for periods beyond, a long-term aver-
age is used.
The definition of the upside and downside scenarios are 
based on Oxford Economics’ quarterly Global Risk Survey. In 
this survey respondents report what they see as the top 
upside and downside global economic risks over the next two 
years. Based on these answers Oxford Economics create a 
number of global economic scenarios, each simulating a 
potential materialisation of one of these top risk factors. 
Oxford Economics also assign a probability to each scenario, 
based on the Global Risk Survey. Nordea use these scenarios 
and probabilities from Oxford Economics when defining the 
upside and downside scenarios. For 2019, the following 
weights have been applied: base 60%, adverse 20% and 
favourable 20%. The model results are assessed and, if need-
ed, adjusted by Nordea’s country responsible macro and 
financial analysts, using judgement based on previous similar 
episodes to ensure consistency across countries and asset 
prices. Adjustments are for instance needed when certain 
industries are impacted, or when sanctions are placed on 
individual countries, but changes have not yet been reflected 
in rating migrations.
Checks of the model results are performed by reviewing 
quantitative data before and after reactions. As part of the pro-
cess to ensure accurate and consistent data deliveries from 
Nordea’s economists, the data is also subject to a number of 
statistical tests.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 263 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
102
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Scenarios and provisions
Denmark
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.1
2.1
2.1
237
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.5
3.2
3.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.7
1.5
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
3.8
3.4
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.7
2.0
239
60%
240
123
454
817
Unemployment, % 
3.8
3.8
3.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.6
1.9
Change in house 
prices, %
2.0
2.6
3.0
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.9
0.9
1.4
245
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.9
4.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
1.3
1.4
Change in house 
prices, %
1.8
2.1
1.8
Finland
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.5
1.7
1.3
182
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.4
6.3
6.4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.9
1.2
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
1.3
1.5
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.1
0.9
185
60%
185
26
262
473
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.0
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
0.9
1.1
1.1
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.8
0.5
0.4
187
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
7.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
0.9
1.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
0.8
0.3

--- Page 264 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
103
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Norway
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.2
2.3
2.0
94
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.3
3.0
2.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.6
1.8
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.6
4.3
4.0
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.0
1.8
1.7
97
60%
98
86
322
506
Unemployment, % 
3.4
3.4
3.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.3
2.0
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.5
3.8
3.8
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.3
1.0
1.3
104
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.7
4.1
4.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.5
1.6
2.0
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
0.0
1.7
Sweden
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.7
2.7
2.6
96
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.7
6.3
5.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.8
2.6
2.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.6
3.3
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.9
2.3
97
60%
97
12
171
280
Unemployment, % 
6.9
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
2.0
2.2
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.4
2.9
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.3
1.7
98
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.9
7.0
7.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.0
1.6
2.9
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
1.8
2.9
Non-Nordic
15
2
235
252
Total
635
249
1,444
2,328
Scenarios and provisions, cont.

--- Page 265 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
104
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,992
2,055
1,996
7,731
14
644
15,428
2,418
Crops etc
3,410
171
21
90
0
7
3,698
2,738
Animal husbandry
2,358
111
9
79
0
0
2,558
1,916
Fishing and aquaculture
41
8
1,220
1
0
0
1,271
10
Paper, forest and mining
279
867
147
824
16
69
2,202
199
Oil, gas and offshore
451
74
848
246
0
320
1,940
1
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,714
741
521
662
0
84
3,723
650
Media, leisure and telecom
1,235
893
550
1,387
2
0
4,068
961
Consumer durables
203
309
95
731
0
159
1,497
68
Retail trade
929
971
490
1,066
0
18
3,473
557
Land transportation and IT
883
1,308
681
929
19
100
3,920
417
Materials
266
459
236
680
231
5
1,877
58
Capital goods
617
1,583
151
648
128
135
3,262
89
Commercial & prof. services
3,462
1,137
3,184
3,342
0
274
11,400
1,236
Construction
1,312
1,173
3,051
976
0
60
6,572
851
Wholesale trade
1,753
1,130
474
1,533
7
52
4,950
225
Maritime (shipping)
396
246
4,864
106
0
2,113
7,726
121
Utilities and public services
1,224
1,868
1,036
3,560
84
56
7,829
3,054
Real estate commercial properties
6,893
4,211
7,524
7,018
3
707
26,356
5,815
Real estate residential properties
3,634
3,862
1,529
8,491
0
0
17,517
2,554
Other industries
1,165
0
100
94
0
0
1,358
1,051
Total Corporate
35,219
23,179
28,728
40,194
501
4,804
132,625
24,986
Housing loans
33,395
29,939
33,499
44,956
0
0
141,789
33,395
Collateralised lending
7,838
5,385
2,582
2,419
0
0
18,225
244
Non-Collateralised lending
1,087
3,168
578
2,317
0
0
7,151
0
Household
42,321
38,492
36,659
49,692
0
0
167,164
33,639
Public sector
1,131
1,331
28
1,572
0
0
4,062
0
Reversed repurchase agreements
0
18,889
0
0
0
0
18,889
18,889
Lending to the public by country
78,671
81,891
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
322,740
77,514
Excl. reversed repurchase agreements
78,671
63,002
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
303,851
58,625
1)  Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.

--- Page 266 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
105
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,982
1,903
1,682
7,570
0
134
14,271
3,147
Crops etc
3,666
153
17
76
0
8
3,920
2,902
Animal husbandry
2,706
109
11
79
0
3
2,908
2,094
Fishing and aquaculture
32
8
1,130
7
0
0
1,176
9
Paper, forest and mining
297
961
175
930
36
85
2,484
227
Oil, gas and offshore
583
82
486
437
7
359
1,953
203
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,310
723
465
673
1
62
3,234
655
Media, leisure and telecom
1,200
908
508
1,130
2
1
3,748
990
Consumer durables
205
353
79
671
4
162
1,473
77
Retail trade
1,092
988
394
955
0
35
3,465
587
Land transportation and IT
900
1,161
654
961
9
115
3,800
427
Materials
253
576
254
749
393
8
2,232
57
Capital goods
542
1,137
91
757
183
73
2,783
87
Commercial & prof. services
3,550
1,245
2,264
2,925
1
278
10,263
1,241
Construction
1,278
1,035
2,418
996
0
74
5,801
817
Wholesale trade
2,169
1,094
543
1,826
10
35
5,676
223
Maritime (shipping)
298
328
4,895
132
0
2,583
8,236
85
Utilities and public services
3,466
2,155
913
2,752
213
144
9,643
3,632
Real estate commercial properties
6,480
4,247
7,260
6,886
18
852
25,743
5,424
Real estate residential properties
3,371
3,716
1,810
8,524
0
0
17,420
2,367
Other industries
160
0
327
0
0
0
488
488
Total Corporate
36,539
22,880
26,377
39,036
876
5,009
130,717
25,738
Housing loans
31,354
29,268
27,894
43,581
0
130
132,227
31,354
Collateralised lending
8,012
5,356
1,685
2,294
0
55
17,402
30
Non-Collateralised lending
1,147
3,218
117
2,919
0
0
7,400
0
Household
40,512
37,841
29,697
48,794
0
185
157,029
31,384
Public sector
1,514
843
44
1,447
0
0
3,848
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
16,711
0
0
0
0
16,711
16,711
Lending to the public by country
78,566
78,274
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
308,304
73,833
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
78,566
61,564
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
291,594
57,122
 1)  Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
22,243
1,427
804
51
175
488
23,759
Finland
56,852
4,710
1,309
20
66
344
62,441
Norway
57,530
2,769
1,142
36
45
527
60,834
Sweden
79,460
1,426
429
16
35
187
81,077
Russia
1,005
1
44
1
0
40
1,009
US
1,835
14
4
2
1
0
1,850
Other
13,190
323
878
25
20
91
14,256
Total
232,115
10,670
4,610
150
342
1,677
245,226
1)  Based on domicile of the customers.

--- Page 267 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
106
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
12,668
302
127
13,097
9
20
58
87
13,010
Crops etc
862
85
54
1,001
2
10
30
41
960
Animal husbandry
499
69
193
760
2
10
108
119
642
Fishing and aquaculture
1,201
24
37
1,263
0
1
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
1,875
107
44
2,027
1
3
20
23
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
1,474
17
747
2,238
1
0
298
299
1,939
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,916
144
33
3,094
2
5
13
20
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
2,925
170
54
3,149
2
6
33
42
3,107
Consumer durables
1,276
135
47
1,458
1
6
22
29
1,429
Retail trade
2,677
221
88
2,985
4
17
49
69
2,917
Land transportation and IT
3,167
303
74
3,544
2
9
29
40
3,504
Materials
1,704
78
117
1,899
4
5
71
80
1,819
Capital goods
2,896
251
110
3,256
1
9
73
84
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
9,646
355
273
10,274
8
15
86
109
10,164
Construction
5,294
399
119
5,812
5
12
74
91
5,721
Wholesale trade
4,261
429
94
4,784
4
20
36
59
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
7,000
175
706
7,881
24
22
230
276
7,605
Utilities and public services
4,701
60
34
4,795
2
1
16
19
4,775
REMI
34,457
932
224
35,614
15
14
81
110
35,504
Other
291
23
7
322
7
7
0
14
308
Total Corporate
101,789
4,280
3,183
109,251
95
191
1,327
1,612
107,639
Housing loans
103,768
4,047
630
108,446
10
13
29
52
108,393
Collateralised lending
16,569
1,221
444
18,233
26
48
186
260
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
5,952
1,095
354
7,401
19
89
134
242
7,159
Household
126,289
6,363
1,427
134,079
55
149
350
554
133,525
Public sector
4,038
27
0
4,065
0
2
0
2
4,062
Lending to the public  
by country
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
23,454
1,622
1,171
33
116
641
25,457
Finland
54,318
5,810
1,258
25
95
338
60,928
Norway
48,184
3,481
911
18
24
263
52,271
Sweden
76,274
2,141
247
12
18
60
78,572
Russia
1,356
38
56
18
0
39
1,394
US
1,547
84
6
1
1
0
1,634
Other
12,093
1,513
931
33
34
255
14,215
Total
217,225
14,690
4,581
141
289
1,596
234,471
1)  Based on domicile of the customer.

--- Page 268 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
107
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
10,402
464
285
11,151
19
9
0
27
11,124
Crops etc
878
94
93
1,065
1
6
40
48
1,018
Animal husbandry
580
133
248
962
1
7
139
147
814
Fishing and aquaculture
1,142
23
3
1,168
0
0
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
2,115
150
49
2,314
8
4
45
57
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
1,296
73
555
1,924
8
1
165
174
1,757
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,407
147
57
2,612
1
4
28
33
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
2,611
140
41
2,792
2
5
26
33
2,761
Consumer durables
1,288
94
37
1,419
1
3
19
22
1,398
Retail trade
2,503
333
142
2,978
3
13
84
100
2,881
Land transportation and IT
2,921
419
70
3,410
6
8
23
37
3,371
Materials
1,789
376
60
2,225
5
19
25
49
2,170
Capital goods
2,377
280
123
2,780
1
4
79
84
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
8,344
461
307
9,112
6
12
71
90
9,021
Construction
4,416
525
128
5,069
3
11
72
86
4,983
Wholesale trade
4,984
386
168
5,538
3
9
74
86
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
6,654
1,008
677
8,338
16
18
154
188
8,150
Utilities and public services
5,808
192
18
6,018
6
2
0
8
6,006
REMI
34,238
1,014
234
35,487
11
10
94
115
35,372
Other
0
148
67
215
3
6
206
216
0
Total Corporate
97,004
6,254
3,298
106,696
103
151
1,344
1,598
104,978
Housing loans
94,787
5,540
649
100,976
10
43
50
103
100,873
Collateralised lending
15,812
1,375
375
17,562
16
38
136
190
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
6,079
1,196
258
7,533
11
56
65
133
7,400
Household
116,678
8,110
1,282
126,071
37
137
252
425
125,645
Public sector
3,729
119
0
3,849
0
1
0
1
3,848
Lending to the public  
by country
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471

--- Page 269 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
108
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
92
16
5
14
0
0
127
9
Crops etc
52
2
0
0
0
0
54
79
Animal husbandry
178
13
1
1
0
0
193
214
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
37
0
0
0
37
0
Paper, forest and mining
17
21
6
0
0
0
44
6
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
307
79
0
360
747
0
Consumer staples (food and health care)
4
20
5
4
0
0
33
2
Media, leisure and telecom
4
35
3
11
0
0
54
0
Consumer durables
37
6
0
4
0
0
47
0
Retail trade
38
25
6
19
0
0
88
6
Land transportation and IT
8
25
33
4
0
3
74
1
Materials
2
67
6
42
0
0
117
6
Capital goods
20
74
1
15
0
0
110
2
Commercial & prof. services
29
23
62
79
0
80
273
2
Construction
21
66
23
10
0
0
119
3
Wholesale trade
44
28
18
5
0
0
94
1
Maritime (shipping)
49
6
406
0
0
245
706
0
Utilities and public services
1
2
28
2
0
0
34
0
REMI
60
103
58
2
0
0
224
86
Other industries
3
0
4
0
0
0
7
0
Total Corporate
662
532
1,010
291
0
688
3,183
418
Housing loans
0
440
134
56
0
0
630
304
Collateralised lending
188
182
67
7
0
0
444
0
Non-Collateralised lending
49
178
71
56
0
0
354
0
Household
237
799
272
119
0
0
1,427
304
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722

--- Page 270 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
109
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
195
8
64
19
0
0
285
0
Crops etc
91
1
0
0
0
0
93
75
Animal husbandry
241
6
1
0
0
0
248
54
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
2
0
0
0
3
0
Paper, forest and mining
21
25
2
1
0
0
49
5
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
183
0
0
372
555
167
Consumer staples (food and health care)
6
46
2
4
0
0
57
17
Media, leisure and telecom
7
22
5
7
0
0
41
25
Consumer durables
23
10
0
3
0
0
37
2
Retail trade
93
24
8
17
0
0
142
15
Land transportation and IT
12
25
31
2
0
0
70
11
Materials
3
45
5
0
4
2
60
2
Capital goods
16
95
1
9
2
0
123
3
Commercial & prof. services
88
24
58
55
0
82
307
32
Construction
39
50
28
11
0
0
128
21
Wholesale trade
72
31
14
50
0
1
168
6
Maritime (shipping)
51
7
348
1
0
270
677
2
Utilities and public services
7
3
4
2
2
0
18
6
REMI
82
84
66
2
0
0
234
200
Other industries
2
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
Total Corporate
1,048
508
822
184
9
728
3,298
645
Housing loans
0
438
127
53
0
32
649
330
Collateralised lending
148
178
32
4
0
12
375
0
Non-Collateralised lending
34
162
8
54
0
0
258
0
Household
182
778
167
111
0
44
1,282
330
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975

--- Page 271 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
110
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio,%
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
27
21
127
97
104
83
81
24
13,010
Crops etc
16
171
54
550
30
56
23
7
960
Animal husbandry
23
359
193
2,454
144
75
126
18
642
Fishing and aquaculture
0
1
37
295
1
4
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
–3
–15
44
219
26
59
21
5
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
129
664
747
3,335
301
40
300
2
1,939
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–3
–10
33
107
23
70
14
9
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
18
57
54
171
45
83
34
11
3,107
Consumer durables
13
92
47
320
31
67
23
9
1,429
Retail trade
6
21
88
294
78
88
53
25
2,917
Land transportation and IT
16
46
74
208
43
58
29
14
3,504
Materials
–7
–38
117
615
81
70
72
9
1,819
Capital goods
6
18
110
337
86
78
72
14
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
35
34
273
266
119
44
90
29
10,164
Construction
13
23
119
205
97
81
75
21
5,721
Wholesale trade
4
9
94
197
66
70
38
28
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
62
81
706
895
284
40
233
50
7,605
Utilities and public services
7
14
34
72
1
4
1
0
4,775
REMI
7
2
224
63
117
52
82
34
35,504
Other
8
269
7
216
35
477
0
35
308
Total Corporate
377
35
3,183
291
1,713
54
1,368
346
107,639
Housing loans
–29
–3
630
58
36
6
9
26
108,393
Collateralised lending
48
27
444
243
294
66
216
78
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
138
192
354
475
281
80
134
147
7,159
Household
157
12
1,427
106
612
43
360
252
133,525
Public sector
1
3
0
0
3
–
0
3
4,062
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
1)  Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 272 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
111
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio, %
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
43
39
285
252
172
60
139
32
11,124
Crops etc
15
147
93
885
34
37
33
1
1,018
Animal husbandry
30
369
248
2,544
162
65
153
9
814
Fishing and aquaculture
0
3
3
25
1
22
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
8
36
49
212
58
118
45
13
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
37
209
555
2,872
176
32
167
9
1,757
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–15
–56
57
220
35
61
29
6
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
1
2
41
147
34
83
26
8
2,761
Consumer durables
–14
–103
37
259
23
63
19
4
1,398
Retail trade
48
166
142
474
108
76
89
19
2,881
Land transportation and IT
0
–1
70
206
37
52
20
16
3,371
Materials
9
42
60
271
51
86
28
24
2,170
Capital goods
–8
–31
123
443
84
68
78
6
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
37
42
307
336
124
40
101
23
9,021
Construction
–12
–23
128
252
102
80
85
17
4,983
Wholesale trade
2
3
168
304
96
57
76
20
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
–36
–45
677
809
218
32
172
46
8,150
Utilities and public services
–13
–22
18
30
3
15
0
3
6,006
REMI
–16
–4
234
66
123
52
100
23
35,372
Other
–42
2
296
62
40
22
0
Total Corporate
74
7
3,298
309
1,702
52
1,400
302
104,978
Housing loans
28
3
649
64
109
17
54
56
100,873
Collateralised lending
–3
–2
375
213
225
60
168
57
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
77
104
258
342
125
49
40
86
7,400
Household
102
8
1,282
102
460
36
262
198
125,645
Public sector
–3
–7
0
0
1
0
0
1
3,848
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
 
1)  Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 273 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
112
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit portfolio  
Including on- and off-balance sheet exposures and 
exposures related to securities and Life insurance 
operations, the total credit risk exposure at year end was 
EUR 509bn (EUR 505bn last year). Total credit exposure 
according to the CRR definition was at year end after 
Credit Conversion Factor EUR 462bn (EUR 468bn). 
Credit risk is measured, monitored and segmented in dif-
ferent ways. On-balance lending consists of fair value lending 
and amortised cost lending and constitutes the major part of 
the credit portfolio. Amortised cost lending is the basis for 
impaired loans, allowances and loan losses. Credit risk in 
lending is measured and presented as the principal amount 
of on-balance sheet claims, i.e. loans to credit institutions and 
to the public, and off-balance sheet potential claims on cus-
tomers and counterparts, net after allowances. Credit risk 
exposure also includes the risk related to derivative contracts 
and securities financing.
Nordea’s loans to the public increased by 4.7% to EUR 
323bn during 2019 (EUR 308bn in 2018). The corporate port-
folio increased approximately 1.5%, the household portfolio 
increased by 7.8% mostly related to Norway, where the acqui-
sition of Gjensidige Bank had a significant impact. The overall 
credit quality is solid with strongly rated customers. Of the 
lending to the public portfolio, corporate customers account-
ed for 46.9% (47.8%), household customers for 51.8% (50.9%) 
and the public sector for 1.3% (1.3%). Loans to central banks 
and credit institutions, mainly in the form of inter-bank 
deposits, decreased to EUR 18bn at the end of 2019 (EUR 
19bn).
Impaired loans and ratios
2019
 2018
Gross impaired loans, Group, EURm
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,311
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points
178
182
Impairment rate, (stage 3) net, basis points
113
118
Allowances in relation to loans, 
stage 1 and 2, basis points
20
18
Total allowance ratio (stage 1, 2 and 3),  
basis points
84
81
Allowances in relation to impaired loans  
(stage 3), %
37
35
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios
2019
 2018
Net loan losses, EURm 
536
173
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, Group, 
basis points
22
7
- of which Stage 3
18
9
- of which Stage 1 & 2
4
–1
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Group, basis points
18
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Personal Banking, basis 
points
8
5
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Business Banking, basis 
points
17
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Large Corporates & 
Institutions, basis points
51
19
Loans to corporate customers
Loans to corporate customers at the end of 2019 amounted to 
EUR 152bn (EUR 147bn). The sector that increased the most 
in 2019 was Commercial & Prof. Services while Utilities and 
Public Services decreased the most. The contribution of the 
three largest industries (Real Estate, Financial Institutions 
and Industrial Commercial & Prof. Services) is approximately 
47% of total corporate lending. Real Estate (commercial & 
residential) remains the largest industry in Nordea’s lending 
portfolio, at EUR 43.9bn (EUR 43.2bn). The Real Estate (com-
mercial & residential) portfolio predominantly consists of rela-
tively large and financially strong companies, with 92% (91%) 
of the lending in rating grades 4– and higher. Loans to Mari-
time decreased to EUR 7.7bn (EUR 8.2bn) during the year. The 
Russian lending portfolio continued to decrease significantly 
during 2019 and now amounts to 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn). 
The distribution of loans to corporate customers by size of 
loans, seen in the table below, shows a high degree of diver-
sification where approximately 65% (68%) of the corporate 
volume represents loans up to EUR 50m per customer.
Loans to corporate customers, by size of loans
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Size in EURm
Loans 
EURbn
%
Loans 
EURbn
%
0–10
62.6
41
62.6
42
10–50
36.1
24
35.0
24
50–100
20.7
14
19.4
13
100–250
19.8
13
17.4
12
250–500
4.1
3
5.4
4
500–
8.2
5
7.6
5
Total
151.5
100
147.4
100
Loans to household customers 
In 2019 lending to household customers increased by 6.5% to 
EUR 167bn (EUR 157bn). The increase was primarily driven by 
the acquisition of Gjensidige Bank in Norway, which had 
lending to the public of EUR 5.2bn at the time of acquisition. 
Mortgage lending increased to EUR 142bn (EUR 132bn) and 
consumer lending remained at EUR 25bn (EUR 25bn). The 
proportion of mortgage lending of total household lending 
increased to 85% (84%).
Geographical distribution 
Lending to the public distributed by borrower domicile shows 
that the customers residing in the Nordic countries account 
for 98% (98%). The portfolio is geographically well diversified 
with no market accounting for more than 30% of total lend-
ing. Other EU countries represent the largest part of lending 
outside the Nordic countries. At the end of 2019, lending in 
Russia was EUR 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn).
Rating and scoring distribution 
One way of assessing credit quality is through analysis of the 
distribution across rating grades, for rated corporate custom-
ers and institutions, as well as risk grades for scored house-
hold and small business customers, i.e. retail exposures. The 
average credit quality was roughly unchanged in the corpo-
rate portfolio, while it improved slightly in the scoring portfo-
lio in 2019. 19% of the number of corporate customers migrat-
ed upwards (21%) while 33% was down-rated (28%). Expo-
sure-wise, 16% (20%) of the corporate customer exposure 
migrated upwards while 20% (23%) was down-rated. 87% 
(85%) of the corporate exposure was rated 4– or higher, with 
an average rating for the portfolio of 4+.

--- Page 274 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
113
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.00
8,922
23
–
8,945
2
6 / A
0.03
92,278
227
7
92,512
8
5 / B
0.13
56,651
883
46
57,580
29
4 / C
1.97
57,349
2,191
20
59,560
82
3 / D
18.42
13,593
3,198
58
16,849
124
2 / E
19.72
3,159
2,086
27
5,272
121
1 / F
22.89
1,152
1,439
73
2,664
97
Standardised / Unrated
2.06
9,333
1,484
184
11,001
51
0 (default)
100.00
278
167
4,195
4,640
1,669
Total
242,715
11,698
4,610
259,023
2,183
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.01
9,958
116
0
10,074
2
6 / A
0.05
86,849
659
5
87,513
9
5 / B
0.19
54,017
1,696
6
55,719
51
4 / C
0.80
55,279
2,789
15
58,083
69
3 / D
5.46
12,318
4,581
40
16,939
100
2 / E
14.64
2,968
2,640
90
5,698
108
1 / F
34.96
1,058
1,531
72
2,661
92
Standardised / Unrated
0.24
10,029
319
95
10,443
56
0 (default)
100.00
211
186
4,258
4,655
1,553
Total
232,687
14,517
4,581
251,785
2,040
1)  The stage classification and calculated provision for each exposure are based on the situation as per end of October 2019, while the exposure amount and rating grades are based 
on the situation as per end of December 2019. Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of December were not in default as per end of October, 
and hence this is reflected in the stage classification.
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,542
–
–
4,542
2
6 / A
21,905
11
–
21,916
4
5 / B
28,970
23
1
28,994
10
4 / C
24,357
1,625
3
25,985
20
3 / D
4,479
1,723
6
6,208
33
2 / E
384
496
5
885
16
1 / F
45
250
2
297
10
Standardised / Unrated
2,001
464
4
2,469
5
0 (default)
–
–
679
679
44
Total
86,683
4,592
700
91,975
144
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,503
–
–
4,503
0
6 / A
22,981
22
0
23,003
2
5 / B
29,365
160
0
29,525
14
4 / C
21,598
766
1
22,365
13
3 / D
3,481
1,861
7
5,349
19
2 / E
376
569
5
950
9
1 / F
72
234
2
308
7
Standardised / Unrated
2,343
452
3
2,798
2
0 (default)
–
0
694
694
55
Total
84,719
4,064
712
89,495
121

--- Page 275 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
114
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Institutions and Retail customers on the other hand show a 
distribution that is biased towards the higher rating grades. 
92% (92%) of the retail exposures is scored C– or higher, which 
indicates a probability of default of 1% or lower. Defaulted 
loans are not included in the rating/scoring distributions. The 
total effect on credit risk exposure amount (REA) from migra-
tion was an increase of approx. 0.47% during the full year 2019.
Loan classes 
The loan portfolio consists of two classes; loans measured at 
amortised cost of EUR 247bn and loans measured at fair 
value of EUR 78bn. Loans measured at amortised cost are the 
basis used for impaired loans, allowances and loan losses.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) 
Impaired loans gross in the Group increased slightly to EUR 
4,610m (EUR 4,581m), corresponding to 178 basis points of total 
loans. 50% of impaired loans gross are servicing and 50% are 
non-servicing. Impaired loans net, after allowances for Stage 3 
loans amount to EUR 2,924m, corresponding to 113 basis points 
of total loans. Allowances for Stage 3 loans amount to EUR 
1,686m. Allowances for Stages 1&2 loans amount to EUR 497m. 
The ratio of allowances in relation to impaired loans is 37% and 
the allowance ratio for loans in Stages 1&2 is 20 basis points. 
The increase in impaired loans was mainly related to the Oil, 
Gas and Offshore industry and the Household sector. The port-
folios with the largest impaired loan amounts were Household, 
Oil, Gas & Offshore and Commercial & Prof. Services. 
Past due loans 
Past due loans, 6 days or more, for corporate customers make 
up EUR 978m, and past due loans to household sum up to 
EUR 2,229m in 2019.
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more, split by 
corporate and household customers. Past due is defined as a 
loan payment that has not been made as of its due date. Past 
due loans to corporate customers, were at end of 2019 EUR 
978m, down from EUR 1,235m one year ago, and past due loans 
for household customers increased to EUR 2,229m (EUR 1,636m). 
 
Rating distribution IRB Corporate customers
  2019 
  2018
6+
20
15
10
5
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
Risk grade distribution IRB Retail customers
  2019 
  2018
6+
40
30
20
15
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
6–30 days
405
1,054
701
657
31–60 days
127
273
89
233
61–90 days
84
144
35
111
>90 days
362
758
410
635
Total
978
2,229
1,235
1,636
Past due (incl. impaired) 
loans divided by loans  
to the ­public after  
allowances, %
0.63
1.33
0.82
1.04
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses increased to EUR 536m (from EUR 173m in 
2018), corresponding to an annual net loan loss ratio includ-
ing fair value mortgage loans of 18bps (up 11bps from 2018). 
The change in the level of net loan losses compared to 2018 
primarily related to net loan losses of EUR 282m made in 
Q3 2019 after dialogue with the ECB on Asset Quality Review 
findings, reflecting weaker outlook for certain sectors, and to 
IFRS9 model updates. 
Excluding these items affecting comparability, net loan 
losses for 2019 were EUR 253m, and 8 bps on total loan expo-
sure, including fair value mortgages. Net loan losses 
increased in Personal Banking to EUR 122m (EUR 79m) and 
Business Banking to EUR 91m (EUR 24m) compared to last 
year while net loan losses decreased in Large Corporates & 
Institutions to EUR 40m (EUR 92m).
Of the net loan losses, EUR 157m relates to corporate cus-
tomers (EUR 82m), and EUR 377m (EUR 102m) to household 
customers. Within the corporate portfolio the main net loan 
losses were in the industries Oil, Gas & Offshore and Maritime.
Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that Nordea’s counterpart 
in an FX, interest, commodity, equity or credit derivative con-
tract defaults prior to maturity of the contract and that 
Nordea at that time has a claim on the counterpart. Counter-
party credit risk can also exist in repurchasing agreements 
and other securities financing transactions. Current exposure 
net (after close-out netting and collateral reduction) repre-
sents EUR 7.1bn of which 29% was towards financial institu-
tions. For information about financial instruments subject to 
master netting agreement, see Note G42.

--- Page 276 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
115
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785
Origination and acquisition
2,088
0
–
2,088
59,495
1,000
422
60,917
61,583
1,000
422
63,005
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
–7
7
–
0
982
–982
–
0
975
–975
0
0
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–
–213
213
0
0
–213
213
0
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–357
–
357
0
–357
0
357
0
Repayments and disposals
–3,272
–16
–
–3,288
–52,422
–2,774
–613
–55,809
–55,694
–2,790
–613
–59,097
Write-offs
–
–
–
0
–
–
–437
–437
0
0
–437
–437
Other changes
–2,489
58
–
–2,431
8,150
–1,042
–4
7,104
5,661
–984
–4
4,673
Translation differences
–29
0
–
–29
–893
–9
25
–877
–922
–9
25
–906
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
11,549
79
0
11,628
232,115
10,671
4,609
247,395
243,664
10,750
4,609
259,023
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
11,161
88
6
11,255
218,421
14,040
5,397
237,858
229,582
14,128
5,403
249,113
Origination and acquisition
932
6
–
938
37,466
1,058
491
39,015
38,398
1,064
491
39,953
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
4
–4
–
0
–279
288
–
9
–275
284
0
9
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
0
0
0
–
–245
285
40
0
–245
285
40
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
0
–
0
0
–49
–
83
34
–49
0
83
34
Repayments and disposals
–2,808
–7
–11
–2,826
–45,978
–3,336
–1,462
–50,776
–48,786
–3,343
–1,473
–53,602
Write-offs
–
–
–1
–1
–
–
–466
–466
0
0
–467
–467
Other changes
5,922
–53
6
5,875
9,611
2,946
324
12,881
15,533
2,893
330
18,756
Translation differences
47
0
–
47
–2,032
–60
–6
–2,098
–1,985
–60
–6
–2,051
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785

--- Page 277 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
116
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
–8
–17
–7
–32
–125
–343
–1,809
–2,277
–133
–360
–1,816
–2,309
Origination and acquisition
–3
0
–
–3
–30
–21
–9
–60
–33
–21
–9
–63
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
–1
–
–1
7
–63
–
–56
7
–64
0
–57
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
0
–
–90
–90
0
0
–90
–90
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
5
–
5
–13
52
–
39
–13
57
0
44
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
16
–97
–81
0
16
–97
–81
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
2
2
–4
–
12
8
–4
0
14
10
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–7
73
66
0
–7
73
66
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
4
0
5
8
42
28
78
9
46
28
83
Repayments and disposals
5
1
2
8
16
36
34
86
21
37
36
94
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
280
280
0
0
280
280
Other changes
–
–
–
0
0
–
–22
–22
0
0
–22
–22
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
0
1
4
5
0
1
4
5
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
The tables shows the changes in exposure/allowances for each stage during the year. If an exposure moves into stage 2 from 
stage 1, there will be a reversal for stage 1 and an increase for stage 2.
Movements in allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
Origination and acquisition
–1
0
–
–1
–31
–9
–1
–41
–32
–9
–1
–42
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
0
–
0
6
–73
–
–67
6
–73
0
–67
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
1
–
–57
–56
1
0
–57
–56
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
0
–
0
–15
57
–
42
–15
57
0
42
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
13
–159
–146
0
13
–159
–146
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
–
–
–
0
–10
–
14
4
–10
0
14
4
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–19
24
5
0
–19
24
5
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
0
–5
–4
23
–12
–214
–203
24
–10
–221
–207
Repayments and disposals
1
6
–
7
23
32
52
107
24
37
53
114
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
312
312
0
0
312
312
Changes due to update in the 
institution's methodology for 
estimation (net)
–
–
–
0
0
–40
–13
–53
0
–40
–13
–53
Other changes
–
–
–
0
–5
–5
–28
–38
–5
–5
–28
–38
Translation differences
0
0
–2
–2
0
1
–10
–9
0
0
–11
–11
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
–4
–2
–10
–16
–149
–342
–1,676
–2,167
–153
–344
–1,686
–2,183

--- Page 278 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
117
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
18
41
62
121
Origination and acquisition
5
2
0
7
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
21
–
21
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–9
–
–7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
0
3
3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–1
–1
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–4
–4
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
12
18
–21
9
Repayments and disposals
–4
–3
0
–7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
33
70
41
144
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
17
48
74
139
Origination and acquisition
6
5
0
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–1
12
–
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–8
–
–6
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–1
8
7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–2
–2
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–2
–2
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
–2
–10
–5
–17
Repayments and disposals
–4
–5
0
–9
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–13
–13
Translation differences
–
–
–
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
18
41
62
121

--- Page 279 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
118
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss in Nordea’s positions in either 
the trading book or non-trading book as a result of changes 
in market rates and parameters that affect the market values 
or net interest income flows. Market risk exists irrespective of 
the accounting treatment of the positions.
The market risk appetite for the Group is expressed through 
risk appetite statements issued by the Board of Directors. The 
statements are defined for trading and banking books. 
The 2nd LoD ensures that the risk appetite is appropriately 
translated through the Risk Committee into specific risk 
appetite limits for the Business Areas and Group Treasury and 
ALM (TALM).
As part of the overall risk appetite framework (RAF), holis-
tic and bespoke stress tests are used to measure the market 
risk appetite and calibrate limits to monitor and control the 
full set of material market risk factors to which the bank is 
exposed.
Traded market risk
Traded market risk arises mainly from client-driven trading 
activities and related hedges in Nordea Markets which is part 
of Nordea Large Corporates & Institutions.
Nordea Markets takes market risks as part of its business 
model to support corporate and institutional clients through  
a range of fixed income, equity, foreign exchange and struc-
tured products. The market risks Nordea Markets is exposed 
to include interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity risk, for-
eign exchange risk, commodity risk and inflation risk.
Furthermore, Nordea is one of the major mortgage lenders 
in the Nordics and market makers in Nordic corporate and 
government bonds. Holding inventory is a consequence of 
providing secondary market liquidity. As a result, Nordea’s 
business model naturally gives rise to a concentration in Nor-
dic mortgage and corporate bonds as well as in local market 
currencies.
Non-traded market risk
Non-traded market risk principally arises from the core bank-
ing business of Nordea, related hedges and regulatory or 
other external requirements (e.g. liquid asset buffer).
TALM is responsible for the comprehensive risk manage-
ment of all non-traded market risk exposures in the Group’s 
balance sheet. For transparency and a clear division of respon-
sibilities within TALM, the comprehensive banking book risk 
management is divided across several frameworks – each with 
a clear risk mandate and specific limits and controls.
The non-traded market risks that Nordea is exposed to are 
interest rate risk, credit spread risk, foreign exchange risk 
(both structural and non-structural) and equity risk. 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current 
or prospective risk to Nordea’s capital and earnings arising 
from adverse movements in interest rates. Business Areas 
transfer their banking book exposures to TALM through a 
funds transfer pricing framework. The market risks are then 
managed centrally and include gap risk, spread risks, basis 
risks, credit spread risk, behavioural risk and non-linear risks. 
These risks are also delineated by currency.
Due to the lending structure in Nordea’s home markets, 
most of the contractual interest rate exposures are floating 
rate. Consequently, wholesale funding is also swapped to float-
ing rate. The resulting repricing gap risk is managed on an 
aggregated basis by currency and where applicable by legal 
entity (primarily the mortgage companies). The net outright 
interest rate risk stemming from the repricing gaps, together 
with the limited fixed interest rate risk, is hedged with interest 
rate swaps (IRS) and overnight index swaps (OIS).
Liquid assets are managed in accordance with the Liquid-
ity Buffer and Pledge/Collateral frameworks. Most of the 
directional interest rate risk arising from bond holdings is 
hedged primarily with maturity matched IRS payer swaps 
and to a smaller degree with OIS payer swaps. Forward Rate 
Agreements and listed futures contracts are also used to 
hedge credit spread and interest rate fixing risks.
The tail hedging framework operates a running portfolio of 
tail hedges across listed equity futures and options, main 
credit indices and interest rate swaps and options. Due to the 
nature of the framework, asymmetrical hedging structures 
are natural building blocks of the tail hedging portfolio. Tail 
hedges run across Nordea’s other banking book frameworks, 
including the liquid asset bond and derivative portfolios, the 
strategic equity investments and the structural risks.
Measurement of market risk
Nordea uses several quantitative risk measurement methods 
for traded market risk: Value-at-Risk (VaR), stress testing, sensi-
tivity analysis, parametric methods and Monte Carlo simulation.
VaR is based on historical scenarios and is the primary mar-
ket risk measurement metric, complemented by stress testing. 
Nordea calculates VaR using historical simulation. The current 
portfolio is revalued based on historical daily changes in mar-
ket prices, rates and other market risk factors observed during 
the last 500 business days and translated to changes in the 
current market risk factors. Nordea uses absolute, relative and 
mixed translation methods for different risk categories. The 
revaluation of the current portfolio is performed for each posi-
tion using either a linear approximation method or a full reval-
uation method, depending on the nature of the position.
Parametric methods are used to capture equity event risk 
including the impact of defaults on equity related positions 
(these risks are part of specific equity risk).
Monte Carlo simulation is used in the Incremental Risk 
Measure model and the Comprehensive Risk Measure model 
to capture the default and migration risks.
The Value-at-Risk, Stressed Value-at-Risk, Equity Event 
Risk, Incremental Risk Measure and the Comprehensive Risk 
Measure models were all approved by the bank’s previous 
regulator, the Swedish FSA, for use in calculating market risk 
own funds requirements under the Internal Model Approach 
(IMA). The same models, with same calibration and settings, 
as used for regulatory capital requirements are used for inter-
nal risk management purposes.
The Standardised Approach is applied to risk exposure 
which is not covered by the IMA. It is used for calculating mar-
ket risk exposures for commodity related products, specific risk 
for mortgage and government bonds, commercial papers, cred-
it/rate hybrids and credit spread options, as well as for equity 
risk related to structured equity and Tier 1 and Tier 2 bonds.
Nordea Bank Abp is the only legal entity for which this 
model is in use. After the relocation to Finland in October 
2018, Nordea is operating under a temporary tolerance deci-
sion from the ECB, allowing the bank to continue to use its 
IMA approved by the Swedish FSA. The ECB’s temporary tol-
erance is conditioned on Nordea applying to the ECB for a 
new permanent IMA approval, which the bank is currently 
preparing for.
IRRBB is measured, monitored and managed using three 
key risk metrics:
•	 Economic Value (EV),
•	 Fair Value (FV), and
•	 Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR).
The three different risk metrics are used to assess differing 
aspects of the manifestation of interest rate risk. These are 
described in more detail below.
Economic value (EV) of Equity stress tests consider the

--- Page 280 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
119
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
change in the economic value of banking book assets, liabili-
ties and interest-bearing derivative exposures resulting from 
interest rate movements, independently of accounting classifi-
cation and ignoring credit spreads and commercial margins. 
The model assumes a run-off balance sheet and includes 
behavioural modelling for non-maturing deposits and pre-
payments. Changes in the Economic Value of Equity of the 
banking book are measured using the 6 standardised scenari-
os defined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS) plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The exposure 
limit under EV is measured against the worst outcome out of 
the six Basel scenarios measured. The EV Basel scenarios are 
estimated daily for management information purposes, but 
fully calculated and monitored monthly against the risk appe-
tite limits. The fair value risk stress measure considers the 
potential revaluation risk relating to positions held under fair 
value accounting classifications. Fair value sensitivities in the 
banking book are monitored against five severe but plausible 
market stress scenarios. The scenarios are calibrated to reflect 
severe events designed to test specific exposures that are or 
may be held under the approved mandate. The risk is mea-
sured daily, and a risk appetite limit is set against the worst 
outcome of the five scenarios. The FV scenarios are applied to 
both the banking book and trading book portfolios, and the 
Board risk appetite limit considers the combined impact 
across both. The FV stress metric is monitored daily.
The earnings risk metric measures the change in net inter-
est income relative to a base scenario, creating a Structural 
Interest Income Risk (SIIR) value over a one-year horizon. The 
model uses a constant balance sheet assumption, implied for-
ward rates and behavioural modelling for the non-maturing 
deposits and prepayments. Similarly to EV, SIIR is measured 
using the six standardised scenarios defined by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) for management 
information, plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The SIIR 
risk appetite limit is set against a +/– 50bps parallel shock. 
The SIIR earnings metric is monitored monthly.
The measurement of IRRBB is dependent on key assump-
tions applied in the models. The most material assumptions 
relate to the modelling of embedded behavioural options in 
both assets and liabilities. The behavioural option held by 
Nordea’s lending customers to execute early loan prepay-
ments is estimated using prepayment models. On the liability 
side, Nordea has an option to change deposit rates, and cus-
tomers have an option to withdraw non-maturing deposits 
(NMD) at any given day. Both embedded options are mod-
elled using NMD models. Both assumptions are calculated 
based on historical average by core asset and liability class 
features. Assets and liabilities are grouped according to key 
metrics including product type, geography and customer seg-
ment. Assumptions are based on historically observed values. 
Regular back-testing and model monitoring are performed 
for both prepayment models and NMD models to ensure that 
the models remain accurate.
The Pillar 2 IRRBB capital allocations consist of a Fair 
Value Risk component and an Earnings Risk component. The 
Fair Value Risk component covers the impact on the bank’s 
equity due to adverse movements in the MtM values of posi-
tions accounted for at Fair Value through Profit and Loss 
(FVTPL) or Fair Value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI). The Earnings Risk component covers the impact of 
rate changes on future earnings capacity, and the resulting 
implications for internal capital buffer levels. 	
Nordea is exposed to structural FX risk defined as the mis-
match between the currency composition of its common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) and risk exposure amounts. CET1 is large-
ly denominated in euro with the only significant non-euro 
equity amounts stemming from mortgage subsidiaries and 
Nordea Bank Russia. Changes in FX rates can therefore nega-
tively impact Nordea’s CET1 ratio.
Market risk analysis
The market risk for the Nordea trading book is presented in 
the table below. 
The Market risk measured by VaR showed an average utili-
sation of EUR 14.8m in 2019 (average in 2018 was EUR 13m) 
and was primarily driven by interest rate VaR. Stressed VaR 
showed an average utilisation of EUR 46.6m which is higher 
compared to 2018 (average in 2018 was EUR 33m) and primar-
ily driven by interest rate stressed VaR with additional contri-
butions from credit spread stressed VaR. The highs in VaR 
were reached in Q3 and Q4 while highs in stressed VaR were 
reached in Q1 and Q4. VaR and stressed VaR are primarily driv-
en by market risk in Northern European and Nordic countries.
The Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) at the end of 2019 was 
significantly lower than  
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk figures for the trading book1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
21.1
22.5
10.1
14.8
18.3
Interest rate risk
18.1
20.6
8.4
14.0
16.4
Equity risk
6.1
9.6
1.4
3.4
2.5
Credit spread risk
4.3
10.5
3.1
5.1
6.5
Foreign exchange risk
1.6
6.3
0.7
2.9
1.9
Inflation risk
1.8
2.8
1.4
2.0
2.2
Diversification effect
34.1
58.1
34.1
45.7
37.9
Total Stressed VaR
66.8
86.1
27.9
46.6
61.9
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
21.3
41.2
7.3
16.1
34.8
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC)
16.5
29.0
9.3
19.6
28.7
1)  Equity Event Risk, which equalled EUR 0.2m at end of 2019.
Market risk for the banking book figures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
33.5
57.8
26.5
42.1
37.5

--- Page 281 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
120
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
at the end of 2018. The decrease was driven by a reduction  
in both default and migration exposure. The lowest exposure 
occurred during Q3 2019, while IRC peaked in Q1 2019. The 
average IRC decreased by EUR 8.7m compared to the previ-
ous year, especially driven by a consistently lower default 
component.
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC) at the end of 2019 was 
lower than at the end of 2018 driven by buy-backs and spread 
tightening. The lowest exposure occurred during Q4 2019, 
while CRC peaked during Q1 2019. Average CRC for 2019 
dropped by EUR 5.6m compared to 2018.
The VaR for Banking Book has reduced slightly over the 
year, driven by higher concentration on high rated govern-
ment bonds and a small reduction in mortgage bond expo-
sure over the year. Overall Banking Book market risk is within 
appetite and under control.
The fair value of illiquid alternative investments was EUR 
852.6m at the end of 2019 (EUR 644.9m at the end of 2018), 
of which private equity funds EUR 338.9m, hedge funds EUR 
1.4m, credit funds EUR 253.3m and seed-money investments 
EUR 258.9m. All four types of investments are spread over a 
number of funds.
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR)/EV
At the end of the year, the worst loss out of the six Basel sce-
narios for SIIR was driven by the Steepener Basel scenario, 
where the loss was EUR 1,030m (against the worst loss in 
2018 of EUR 1,176m, also taken from the Steepener shock sce-
nario). These figures imply that net interest income would 
decrease if short term interest rates fall while long rates rise.
The most severe impact from the Basel scenarios on EV is 
from the Flattener shock scenario, where the loss was EUR 
263.9m at end of year 2019.
Other market risks / Pension risk
Pension risk (including market and longevity risks) arises 
from Nordea-sponsored defined benefit pension schemes for 
past and current employees. The ability of the pension 
schemes to meet the projected pension payments is main-
tained through investments and ongoing scheme 
contributions.
Pension risks can manifest through increases in the value 
of liabilities or through falls in the values of assets. These 
risks are regularly reported and monitored and include con-
sideration of sub components of market risk such as interest 
rate, inflation, credit spread, real estate and equity risk. To 
minimise the risks to Nordea, limits are imposed on potential 
losses under severe but plausible stress events and by limits 
on capital drawdown. In addition, regular reviews of the 
schemes strategic asset allocation are undertaken to ensure 
the investment approach reflects Nordea’s risk appetite. See 
note G34 for more information. 
Operational risk
Nordea defines operational risk as the risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and sys-
tems or from external events, and includes legal risk. 
Operational risks are inherent in all of Nordea’s businesses 
and operations. Consequently, managers throughout Nordea 
are accountable for the operational risks related to their man-
date and for managing these risks within risk limits and risk 
appetite in accordance with the operational risk management 
framework. 
Group Operational Risk (GOR) within Group Risk and Com-
pliance (GRC) constitutes the second line of defence (2nd 
LoD) risk control function for operational risk and is respon-
sible for developing and maintaining the overall operational 
risk management framework as well as for monitoring and 
controlling the operational risk management of the first line of 
defence (1st LoD). GOR monitors and controls that operational 
risks are appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated, fol-
lows-up risk exposures towards risk appetite and assesses the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the operational risk manage-
ment framework and the implementation of the frameworks.
The focus areas of the monitoring and control work per-
formed by GOR are decided during an annual planning pro-
cess that includes business areas, key risk areas and opera-
tional risk processes. GOR is responsible for preparing and 
submitting regular risk reports on all material risk exposures 
including risk appetite limit utilisation and incidents to the 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who thereafter reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the 
Group Board and relevant committees.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for operational risk is 
expressed in terms of:
•	 residual risk level in breach of risk appetite and require-
ments for mitigating actions for risks; and 
•	 total loss amount from incidents and management of 
incidents. 
Management of operational risk
Management of operational risk includes all activities aimed 
at identifying, assessing and measuring, responding and miti-
gating, controlling and monitoring and reporting on risks. The 
risk management is supported by various processes including 
e.g. the Risk and Control Self-Assessment, Change Risk Man-
agement and Approval, Incident Management, Scenario Anal-
ysis, Business Continuity and Crisis Management, Information 
Security Management, Third Party Risk Management and 
Significant Operating Processes. 
Some of these processes are described below and addi-
tional details on processes for managing and controlling 
operational risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report. 
Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
The Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process pro-
vides a risk-based view of operational and compliance risks 
across Nordea. The process improves risk awareness and 
enables effective assessment, control, and mitigation of iden-
tified risks. For risks identified in the RCSA process, the level 
of risk and the controls in place to mitigate the risks are 
assessed. If mitigating actions are required to reduce the risk 
exposure, these are identified and implemented.
Change Risk Management and Approval framework 
The objective of the Change Risk Management and Approval 
(CRMA) framework is to ensure that there is a full under-
standing of both financial and non-financial risks when exe-
cuting changes. Associated risks shall be adequately man-
aged consistent with Nordea’s risk strategy, risk appetite and 
corresponding risk limits before a change is approved, exe-
cuted or implemented.
Changes in scope of the CRMA framework include e.g. new 
or significant changes to products, services, or IT systems. 
Incident Management 
The objective of Incident Management is to ensure appropri-
ate handling of detected incidents in order to minimise the 
impact on Nordea and its customers, to prevent reoccurrence, 
and to reduce the impact of future incidents. In addition, the 
Incident Management shall enable timely, accurate and com-
plete information for internal and external reporting and capi-
tal modelling, and secure timely notification to relevant 
supervisory authorities.

--- Page 282 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
121
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Business Continuity and Crisis Management 
The objective of the Business Continuity and Crisis Manage-
ment is to protect Nordea’s employees, customers, stakehold-
ers and assets by ensuring that Nordea builds, maintains, and 
tests the ability to continue and recover prioritised activities 
and assets, should an extraordinary event or crisis occur. Cri-
sis Management shall ensure that extraordinary events or cri-
sis situations are identified, escalated and managed to mini-
mize impact.
Financial Reporting Risk
Financial reporting risk is defined as the risk of misstatements 
in external financial reporting and regulatory capital report-
ing. The risk arises from erroneous interpretation and imple-
mentation of accounting standards and regulation, the use of 
judgement in reporting, as well as from inadequate gover-
nance and control frameworks around valuation and financial 
reporting. The framework for managing financial reporting 
risk is designated as the Accounting Key Controls (AKC), 
framework, based on the the Committee of Sponsoring Orga-
nizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), framework, 
which provides the structure and guidance for designing, 
operating and evaluating the system of internal control over 
financial reporting across the group. The AKC framework is 
the mechanism through which management expresses its 
various assertions over its financial statements. GRC control 
function for financial reporting risk is responsible for the inde-
pendent monitoring, assessment and oversight of the risks 
and the group's implementation of the AKC framework, and 
reports to Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
Compliance Risk
Nordea defines compliance risk as the risk of failure to com-
ply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, supervisory 
requirements and related internal rules governing Nordea’s 
activities in any jurisdiction where Nordea operates.
Nordea’s Code of Conduct and corporate values underpin 
Nordea’s culture and set the parameters for how Nordea's 
employees should conduct themselves. All Nordea’s employ-
ees are required to complete annual training in the Code of 
Conduct to ensure proper awareness and knowledge of the 
ethical principles. 
In 2019, Nordea continued the development to ensure that 
Nordea’s culture and behaviours are consistent with Nordea’s 
values and that Nordea delivers fair outcomes for its custom-
ers throughout the entire stage of the customer lifecycle. The 
quality of investment advice is monitored continuously to 
ensure customer protection and recent outcomes indicating 
improvement. The improved results are driven by the changes 
made in the advisory tool, instructions and training of advi-
sors. It is also important to manage conflicts of interest in 
relation to products and services. In 2019, enhancements have 
been implemented in regular product reviews and the 
approval process. The complaints handling framework has in 
the recent years been developed and the process is renewed 
with clear and regular reporting, a strong feedback culture, 
root cause analysis and mitigating activities.
Nordea’s Raising Your Concern (RYC or “whistleblowing”) 
process ensures that Nordea employees, customers and external 
stakeholders have the right to and feel safe when speaking up if 
they witness or suspect misconduct or unethical behaviour. The 
RYC process encompasses ways to report a suspected breach of 
ethical standards, or breach of internal or external rules. Con-
cerns can be raised openly, confidentially or anonymously by 
individuals (“whistle-blow”). The RYC process also outlines rules 
and procedures for how RYC investigations are conducted.
Nordea further strengthened the financial crime defences 
in 2019. Significant compliance enhancements have been 
achieved within the areas of: i) governance, ii) IT support of 
customer due diligence processes, iii) participation in the 
development of a Nordic KYC Utility (a cross-bank initiative to 
centrally collect customer due diligence data), iv) transaction 
monitoring and sanction screening capabilities by e.g. 
upgrading systems, introducing additional automated pro-
cesses and improving timeliness of suspicious activity report-
ing, v) updating Nordea’s policies in light of changes in regu-
lation, and vi) strengthening of Nordea’s Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption programme.
Managers throughout Nordea are accountable for the 
compliance risks related to their mandate and for managing 
these in accordance with the compliance risk management 
framework.
Group Compliance (GC) within Group Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) constitutes the independent compliance function and 
is responsible for developing and maintaining the risk man-
agement framework for compliance risks and for guiding the 
business in their implementation of and adherence to the 
framework. 
Compliance activities are presented in the form of an annu-
al compliance oversight plan to the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) and the Board of Directors (BoD). The annual compli-
ance oversight plan represents a comprehensive approach to 
the compliance activities of Nordea, combining GC’s overall 
approach to key risk areas. The plan is supported by granular 
plans in each Business Area, Group Function, Consolidated 
Group Subsidiaries and Nordea Bank Abp branches and for 
each risk area. 
GC is responsible for regular reporting to the BoD, the CEO 
in Group Leadership Team (GLT), branch management and 
relevant committees, at least quarterly.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for compliance risk is 
expressed in terms of the residual risk level in breach of risk 
appetite and requirements for mitigating actions for risks. The 
RAS for conduct risk includes metrics regarding the Code of 
Conduct as well as customer outcomes and market integrity.
Details on key processes for managing and controlling 
compliance risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report.
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and requirements, 
including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the 
European Union and the United States. Supervisory and gov-
ernmental authorities that administer and enforce those 
regimes make regular inquiries and conduct investigations 
with regards to Nordea’s compliance in many areas, such as 
investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade regula-
tion and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, competition 
law and governance and control. The outcome and timing of 
these inquiries and investigations is unclear and pending, and 
accordingly, it cannot be excluded that these inquiries and 
investigations could lead to criticism against the bank, reputa-
tion loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or litigations. 
In June 2015, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Denmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome has resulted in 
criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. As previously stated, Nordea 
expects to be fined in Denmark for our weak AML processes 
and procedures in the past and has made a provision for 
ongoing AML-related matters.
There is a risk that the outcome of possible fines from 
authorities could be higher (or potentially lower) than the cur-
rent provision and that this could also impact the bank’s finan-
cial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, we will main-
tain the level of provision for ongoing AML related matters 
while also continuing the dialogue with the Danish Authorities 
regarding their allegations for historical AML weaknesses.

--- Page 283 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
122
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Amongst other 
Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime Change Pro-
gramme and has strengthened the organization significantly 
to enhance the AML and sanction management risk frame-
works. Nordea has also established the Business Ethics and 
Values Committee and a culture transformation program to 
embed stronger ethical standards into our corporate culture. 
In addition, the group is investing in enhanced compliance 
standards, processes and resources in both the first and sec-
ond lines of defence.
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea’s assistance to a foreign bank in connection with the 
said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on behalf of one of its cus-
tomers. It is our assessment that Nordea is not liable, and 
Nordea disputes the claim. 
Life insurance risk and market risks in 
the Life & Pensions operations
The life insurance business of Nordea Life & Pensions (NLP) 
consists of a range of different life & health products, from 
endowments with duration of a few years to very long-term 
pension savings contracts, with durations of more than 40 
years. Market return products (unit- linked products) clearly 
dominate NLP’s business. Traditional products (participating 
savings and life insurance products) and health insurance 
take minor roles in NLP’s business profile.
The main risks that NLP is exposed to are market risks and 
life & health insurance risks.
Market risks at NLP arise from the sensitivity of the values 
of assets and liabilities to changes in the level or volatility of 
market prices or interest rates. Within market risk, the interest 
rate risk, equity risk, credit spread risk and currency risk are 
the most relevant risks.
Market risks are measured and monitored through expo-
sure calculations and adequate limit setting. In addition, NLP 
regularly performs stress tests and macroeconomic scenario 
analyses to assess the need for future capitalization. The 
results of stress tests and scenario analysis are monitored 
against limits specified in the internal policies.
Market risk is mitigated by applying hedging and asset 
allocation strategies.
Life & health insurance risk is the risk of unexpected losses 
due to changes in the level, trend or volatility of mortality, 
longevity, disability and surrender/ lapse rates. The risks are 
measured and monitored through calculations of the Solven-
cy II capital requirements. To assess the resilience of the busi-
ness to sudden changes in the lapse rate, regular sensitivity 
tests are performed at NLP group and local entity level.
Life & health insurance risk is mitigated using actuarial 
methods, i.e. through tariffs, rules for acceptance of custom-
ers, reinsurance contracts, stress tests and setting up ade-
quate provisions for risks.
Liquidity risk management
During 2019, Nordea continued to benefit from its prudent 
liquidity risk management, in terms of maintaining a diversi-
fied and strong funding base and a diversified liquidity buffer. 
Nordea had access to all relevant financial markets and was 
able to actively use all of its funding programmes. Nordea 
issued approximately EUR 19.2bn in long-term debt (exclud-
ing subordinated debt and covered bonds issued by Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab) of which approx. EUR 13bn 
included covered bonds issued in Sweden, Finland and Nor-
way. Throughout 2019, Nordea remained compliant with the 
requirement in EBA Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR) in all currencies on a combined basis.
Liquidity risk definition and identification
Liquidity risk is the risk that Nordea is unable to service its 
cash flow obligations when they fall due; or unable to meet its 
cash flow obligations without incurring significant additional 
funding costs. Nordea is exposed to liquidity risk in its lending, 
investment, funding, off-balance sheet exposures and other 
activities which result in a negative cash flow mismatch. Cash 
flow mismatches can occur at the end of a day or intraday.
Management principles and control
Liquidity risk at Nordea is managed across three Lines of 
Defence:
The First Line of Defence comprises Group Treasury & 
Asset Liability Management (TALM) and the Business Areas. 
TALM is responsible for the day to day management of the 
Group’s liquidity positions, liquidity buffers, external and 
internal funding including the mobilisation of cash around the 
Group, and Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP).
The Second Line of Defence, Group Risk and Compliance, 
is responsible for providing independent oversight of and 
challenge to the first line of defence.
The Third Line of Defence includes Group Internal Audit 
(GIA), which is responsible for providing independent over-
sight of the first – and second lines of defence.
The Board of Directors defines the liquidity risk appetite by 
setting limits for applied liquidity risk metrics. The most cen-
tral metric is the Liquidity Stress Horizon, which defines the 
risk appetite by setting a minimum survival of 90 days under 
institution-specific and market-wide stress scenarios with 
limited mitigation actions.
A framework of limits and monitoring metrics is in place to 
ensure Nordea stays within various risk parameters including 
the risk appetite.
A Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework is in place that 
recognises that liquidity is a scarce and costly resource. By 
quantifying and allocating the liquidity and funding costs and 
benefits to the respective business areas, behaviours and 
strategic decisions are appropriately incentivised.
Liquidity risk management strategy
Nordea’s liquidity management strategy is based on policy 
statements resulting in various liquidity risk measures, limits 
and organisational procedures.
Policy statements stipulate that Nordea’s liquidity manage-
ment reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk. 
Nordea strives to diversify its sources of funding and seeks to 
establish and maintain relationships with investors in order to 
ensure market access. A broad and diversified funding struc-
ture is reflected by the strong presence in the Group’s four 
domestic markets in the form of a strong and stable retail 
customer base and the variety of funding programmes. The 
funding programmes are both short-term (US – and Europe-
an commercial paper, and Certificates of Deposits) and long-
term (covered bonds, European medium-term notes, medium 
term notes) and cover a range of currencies.
Trust is fundamental in the funding market; therefore, 
Nordea periodically publishes information on the liquidity sit-
uation of the Group. Furthermore, Nordea regularly performs 
stress testing of the liquidity risk position and has put in place 
business contingency plans for liquidity crisis management.

--- Page 284 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
123
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Liquidity risk measurement
To ensure funding in situations where Nordea is in urgent 
need of cash and the normal funding sources do not suffice, 
Nordea holds a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer consists of 
central bank eligible, high credit quality and liquid securities 
and central bank cash that can be readily sold or used as col-
lateral in funding operations.
Liquidity risk management focuses on both short-term 
liquidity risk and long-term structural liquidity risk. Liquidity 
risk is limited by the Board of Directors via Internal Liquidity 
Coverage and Liquidity Stress Horizon metrics stipulating 
that the liquidity buffer needs to be sufficient to cover peak 
cumulative stressed outflows experienced over the first 90 
days of a combined stress event, whereby Nordea is subject 
to a market-wide stress similar to what many banks experi-
enced in 2007–08; and an idiosyncratic stress corresponding 
to a three-notch credit rating downgrade. These metrics form 
the basis for Nordea’s liquidity risk appetite, which is 
reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually.
Furthermore, short-term funding risk is measured via the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and a funding gap risk metric. 
The funding gap risk metric expresses the expected maximum 
accumulated need for raising liquidity in the course of the next 
30 days. Funding gap risk is measured and limited for each 
currency and as a total figure for all currencies combined. 
Structural liquidity risk of Nordea is measured via many 
metrics of which the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and 
the internally defined Net Balance of Stable Funding (NBSF) 
are very important. Furthermore, the loan to deposit ratio is 
closely monitored together with the wholesale funding refi-
nancing profile and rating agency metrics. 
Liquidity risk analysis
Nordea continues to have a strong and prudent liquidity risk 
profile with a strong funding base. As of year-end 2019, the 
total volume utilised under short-term programmes was EUR 
44.3bn (EUR 46.8bn) with an average maturity of 0.3 (0.3) 
years. The total volume under long-term programmes was EUR 
159.3bn (EUR 152.8bn) with an average maturity being 6.3 (6.0) 
years. Nordea’s funding sources are presented in a table below.
The liquidity risk position remained at a low level through-
out 2019. The Liquidity Stress Horizon was 504 days as of year-
end 2019 (533 days as of year-end 2018) with a yearly average 
of 642 days (332 days) – the Group limit is not below 90 days.
The yearly average of the funding gap risk was EUR 
+29.7bn (EUR +17.7bn in 2018) against a limit of EUR –15bn. 
Nordea’s liquidity buffer ranged between EUR 88.1bn and 
108.2bn throughout 2019 (EUR 86.9bn and 110.1bn) with an 
average liquidity buffer of EUR 97.2bn (EUR 97.8bn).
The combined LCR according to EBA Delegated Act rules for 
the Nordea Group was at the end of 2019 166% (185%) with a 
yearly average of 188% (184%). At the end of 2019 the LCR in 
EUR was 236% (257%) and in USD 146% (214%), with yearly 
averages of 201% (190%) and 187% (183%), respectively. At the 
end of 2019 Nordea’s NSFR was 108.6% according to CRR2.
Net balance of stable funding
EURbn
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Stable liabilities and equity
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital
31
32
Secured/unsecured borrowing >1Y
124
126
Stable retail deposits
68
65
Less stable retail deposits
17
16
Wholesale deposits <1Y
71
72
Total Stable Liabilities
311
311
Net balance of stable funding, cont.
Stable assets
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Wholesale and retail loans >1Y
238
240
Long term lending to banks and 
financial companies
1
1
Other illiquid assets
25
26
Total Stable Assets
264
266
Off-balance-sheet items
2
2
Net balance of stable funding (NBSF)
44
43
Funding sources, 31 December 2019
Liability type
Interest  
rate base
Average 
maturity 
(years)
EURm
Deposits by credit institutions
Shorter than 3 months 
Euribor etc.
0.1
31,456
Longer than 3 months
Euribor etc.
0.5
848
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
Deposits on demand
Administrative
0.0
149,012
Other deposits
Euribor etc.
0.2
19,712
Debt securities in issue
Certificates of deposits
Euribor etc.
0.4
22,094
Commercial papers
Euribor etc.
0.2
22,192
Mortgage covered bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based 
7.7
115,346
Other bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2.6
34,094
Derivatives
42,047
Other non-interest- 
bearing items
57,452
Subordinated debt
Tier 2 subordinated  
bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
4.8
7,410
Additional Tier 1 subordinated 
bond loans (undated) 
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2,409
Equity
31,528
Total
535,602
Liabilities to policyholders
19,246
Total, including  
life insurance operations
554,848
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), 31 December 2019
EURbn
Available stable funding
290,5
Required stable funding
267,6
Net stable funding
22,9
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)1
108.6%
1)  According to CRR2 regulation.

--- Page 285 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
124
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Operating segments 
Measurement of Operating segments’ performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operat-
ing segments follow the information reported to the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as required by IFRS 8. At 
Nordea, the CODM has been defined as Group Leadership 
Team (former Group Executive Management). The main dif-
ferences compared to the section “Business areas“ in this 
report are that the information to CODM is prepared using 
plan exchange rates and that different allocation principles 
between operating segments have been applied. 
Basis of segmentation 
Financial results are presented for the four main business 
areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates 
& Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management, with 
further breakdown into operating segments where 
relevant, and for the operating segment Group Finance. 
Other operating segments below the quantitative 
thresholds in IFRS 8 are included in Other operating 
segments. Group functions and eliminations, as well as 
the result that is not fully allocated to any of the operating 
segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
Compared with the 2018 Annual Report there is a change 
in the presentation of the business area Personal Banking. 
Personal Banking is only presented on a Nordic level and has 
no further break-down by country in order to align with other 
segments. The business area Commercial & Business Banking 
has changed name to Business Banking and the business 
area Wholesale Banking has changed name to Large Corpo-
rates & Institutions. The changes are reflected in the reporting 
to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and are con-
sequently part of the segment reporting in Note G3. Compar-
ative figures have been restated accordingly.
Reportable Operating segments
Personal Banking serves Nordea’s household customers in the 
Nordic markets, through various channels offering a full range 
of financial services and solutions. The business area includes 
advisory and service staff, channels, product units, back office 
and IT under a common strategy, operating model and gover-
nance across markets. 
Business Banking and Business Banking Direct work with a 
relationship-driven customer service model with a customer-
centric value proposition for Nordea’s corporate customers. The 
business area also consists of Transaction Banking, which 
include Cards, Trade Finance and Cash Management, and 
Nordea Finance. These units services both personal and corpo-
rate customers across the Nordea Group.
Large Corporates & Institutions provides banking and other 
financial solutions to large Nordic and international corporates 
as well as institutional and public companies. The division Cor-
porate & Investment Banking is a customer oriented organisa-
tion serving the largest globally operating corporates. The divi-
sion Financial Institutions Group & International Banks is 
responsible for Nordea's customers within the financial sector, 
and offers single products such as funds and equity products as 
well as consulting services within asset allocation and fund 
sales. Nordea Bank Russia offers a full range of banking ser-
vices to corporate customers in Russia. Capital Markets unallo-
cated includes the result in Capital Markets which is not allo-
cated to the main business areas. 
Asset & Wealth Management provides high quality invest-
ment, savings and risk management products. It also manages 
customers’ assets and gives financial advice to affluent and 
high net worth individuals as well as to institutional investors. 
The division Private Banking provides wealth planning, full-
scale investment advice, credit, and estate planning services to 
wealthy individuals, businesses and their owners, trusts and 
foundations. The Asset Management division is responsible for 
all actively managed investment products including internally 
managed investment funds and mandates as well as selected 
externally managed funds, and for serving the institutional 
asset management customers. Life & Pensions serves Nordea’s 
Retail Private Banking and corporate customers with a full 
range of pension, endowment and risk products as well as tai-
lor-made advice for bank distribution. Life & Pensions unallo-
cated includes the result in Life & Pensions that is not allocated 
to the main business areas. 
The main objective of Group Finance is to manage the 
Group's funding and to support the management and control of 
the Nordea Group. The main income in Group Finance origi-
nates from Group Treasury & ALM (TALM). 
G3.  Segment reporting

--- Page 286 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
125
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Income statement 2019
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
­Finance
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,166
1,352
863
54
33
0
4,468
–150
4,318
Net fee and commission income
1,184
615
454
1,430
–4
3
3,682
–671
3,011
Net result from items at fair value
173
210
308
112
151
12
966
58
1,024
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
2
0
33
0
18
53
–3
50
Other income
2
20
1
14
7
138
182
50
232
Total operating income
3,525
2,199
1,626
1,643
187
171
9,351
–716
8,635
- of which internal transactions1
–678
–275
–464
–22
1,454
–15
0
–
–
Staff costs
–631
–422
–356
–402
–127
–191
–2,129
–888
–3,017
Other expenses
–1,308
–710
–564
–321
92
–117
–2,928
1,289
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
–63
–19
–14
–12
–3
–751
–862
–468
–1,330
Total operating expenses
–2,002
–1,151
–934
–735
–38
–1,059
–5,919
–67
–5,986
Profit before loan losses
1,523
1,048
692
908
149
–888
3,432
–783
2,649
Net loan losses
–135
–140
–255
–1
0
2
–529
–7
–536
Operating profit
1,388
908
437
907
149
–886
2,903
–790
2,113
Income tax expense
–333
–218
–105
–218
–34
215
–693
122
–571
Net profit for the year
1,055
690
332
689
115
–671
2,210
–668
1,542
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2019, EURbn
Loans to the public2
154
83
51
8
–
1
297
26
323
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
73
42
35
10
–
1
161
8
169
Income statement 2018
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
­Finance 
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments3
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,116
1,320
920
69
40
14
4,479
12
4,491
Net fee and commission income
1,176
578
472
1,411
–19
0
3,618
–625
2,993
Net result from items at fair value
167
297
412
167
73
26
1,142
–54
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
9
0
13
8
91
121
3
124
Other income
6
21
1
21
1
126
176
300
476
Total operating income
3,465
2,225
1,805
1,681
103
257
9,536
–364
9,172
- of which internal transactions1
–518
–236
–469
–15
1,251
–13
0
–
–
Staff costs
–635
–427
–393
–460
–128
–24
–2,067
–931
–2,998
Other expenses
–1,279
–757
–544
–316
140
–14
–2,770
1,204
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible and 
intangible assets
–51
–15
–9
–9
–3
0
–87
–395
–482
Total operating expenses
–1,965
–1,199
–946
–785
9
–38
–4,924
–122
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
1,500
1,026
859
896
112
219
4,612
–486
4,126
Net loan losses
–79
–24
–92
–6
0
21
–180
7
–173
Operating profit
1,421
1,002
767
890
112
240
4,432
–479
3,953
Income tax expense
–341
–240
–184
–205
–24
–58
–1,052
180
–872
Net profit for the year
1,080
762
583
685
88
182
3,380
–299
3,081
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2018, EURbn
Loans to the public2
144
81
49
7
–
1
282
26
308
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
68
41
35
9
–
1
154
11
165
1)  IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income  
and expense related to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Business Support.
2)  The volumes are only disclosed separate for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker.
3)  Items effecting comparability are generally included in Other Operating segments.
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.

--- Page 287 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
126
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Business Banking
Business Banking 
Business Banking Direct
 Business Banking Other1
Total Business Banking 
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
1,135
1,096
220
209
–3
15
1,352
1,320
Net fee and commission income
475
459
172
164
–32
–45
615
578
Net result from items at fair value
176
289
33
17
1
–9
210
297
Profit from associated undertakings  
accounted for under the equity method
–2
5
0
0
4
4
2
9
Other income
0
1
1
0
19
20
20
21
Total operating income
1,784
1,850
426
390
–11
–15
2,199
2,225
- of which internal transactions
–280
–233
5
–4
0
1
–275
–236
Staff costs
–170
–173
–49
–51
–203
–203
–422
–427
Other expenses
–649
–681
–203
–216
142
140
–710
–757
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–4
–5
–1
–2
–14
–8
–19
–15
Total operating expenses
–823
–859
–253
–269
–75
–71
–1,151
–1,199
Profit before loan losses
961
991
173
121
–86
–86
1,048
1,026
Net loan losses
–120
–14
–10
–3
–10
–7
–140
–24
Operating profit
841
977
163
118
–96
–93
908
1,002
Income tax expense
–202
–234
–39
–29
23
23
–218
–240
Net profit for the year
639
743
124
89
–73
–70
690
762
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
72
70
11
11
–
–
83
81
Deposits and borrowings from the public
31
30
11
11
–
–
42
41
1)  Business Banking Other includes the areas COO, Transaction Banking and Digital Banking.

--- Page 288 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
127
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Large Corporates & Institutions
Corporate  
& Investment 
Banking
Financial 
­Institutions 
Group & Inter­
national Banks
Banking  
Russia
Capital Markets 
unallocated
 Large Corporates 
& Institutions 
Other1
Total Large 
­Corporates  
& Institutions
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
814
845
33
33
42
57
–6
1
–20
–16
863
920
Net fee and commission income
376
396
149
132
8
11
–79
–66
0
–1
454
472
Net result from items at fair value
141
146
146
139
12
8
9
119
0
0
308
412
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Other income
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
1
–1
0
1
1
Total operating income
1,331
1,387
328
304
63
76
–75
55
–21
–17
1,626
1,805
- of which internal transactions
–342
–306
–31
–42
–50
–54
–34
–56
–7
–11
–464
–469
Staff costs
–74
–98
–10
–10
–18
–21
–201
–214
–53
–50
–356
–393
Other expenses
–412
–407
–231
–208
–14
–19
68
86
25
4
–564
–544
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
0
0
0
–3
–2
0
0
–11
–7
–14
–9
Total operating expenses 
–486
–505
–241
–218
–35
–42
–133
–128
–39
–53
–934
–946
Profit before loan losses
845
882
87
86
28
34
–208
–73
–60
–70
692
859
Net loan losses
–307
–43
–1
–1
53
–48
0
0
0
0
–255
–92
Operating profit
538
839
86
85
81
–14
–208
–73
–60
–70
437
767
Income tax expense
–129
–201
–21
–20
–19
3
50
18
14
16
–105
–184
Net profit for the year
409
638
65
65
62
–11
–158
–55
–46
–54
332
583
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
48
45
2
2
1
2
–
–
–
–
51
49
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
24
24
10
10
1
1
–
–
–
–
35
35
1)  Large Corporates & Institutions Other includes the areas International Divisions and COO.
Break-down of Asset & Wealth Management
Private Banking
Asset ­Management
Life & Pensions 
­unallocated
Asset & Wealth Man­
agement Other1
Total Asset & Wealth 
Management
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
58
77
–2
–3
0
0
–2
–5
54
69
Net fee and commission income
447
444
920
899
310
318
–247
–250
1,430
1,411
Net result from items at fair value
34
32
–2
9
79
127
1
–1
112
167
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
33
13
–
–
33
13
Other income
0
5
7
9
0
11
7
–4
14
21
Total operating income
539
558
923
914
422
469
–241
–260
1,643
1,681
- of which internal transactions
–19
–12
1
1
0
0
–4
–4
–22
–15
Staff costs
–116
–162
–175
–164
–64
–85
–47
–49
–402
–460
Other expenses
–222
–233
–90
–124
–131
–61
122
102
–321
–316
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
–1
–4
0
–3
–6
–5
–2
–12
–9
Total operating expenses 
–338
–396
–269
–288
–198
–152
70
51
–735
–785
Profit before loan losses
201
162
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
908
896
Net loan losses
–1
–6
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
–6
Operating profit
200
156
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
907
890
Income tax expense
–48
–36
–157
–144
–54
–73
41
48
–218
–205
Net profit for the year
152
120
497
482
170
244
–130
–161
689
685
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
8
7
–
–
–
–
–
–
8
7
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
10
9
–
–
–
–
–
–
10
9
1)  Asset & Wealth Management Other includes the areas Savings and COO.

--- Page 289 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
128
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Total operating income split on product groups
EURm
2019
2018
Banking products
5,642
5,811
Capital Markets products
927
931
Savings products & Asset management
1,455
1,440
Life & Pensions
418
468
Other
193
522
Total
8,635
9,172
Banking products consists of three different product types. 
Account products includes account based products such as 
lending, deposits, cards and Netbank services. Transaction prod-
ucts consists of cash management as well as trade and project 
finance services. Financing products includes asset based 
financing through leasing, hire purchase and factoring as well as 
sales to finance partners such as dealers, vendors and retailers. 
Capital Markets products contains financial instruments, or 
arrangements for financial instruments, that are available in 
the financial marketplace, including currencies, commodities, 
stocks and bonds. 
Savings products & Asset management includes Investment 
funds, Discretionary Management, Portfolio Advice, Equity Trad-
ing and Pension Accounts. Investment Funds are a bundled 
product in which the fund company invests in stocks, bonds, 
derivatives or other standardised products on behalf of the 
funds shareholders. Discretionary Management is a service pro-
viding the management of an investment portfolio on behalf of 
the customer and Portfolio Advice is a service provided to sup-
port customers investment decisions. 
Life & Pensions includes life insurance and pension products 
and services.
Geographical information
Total operating  
income, EURm
Assets, EURbn
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sweden
2,232
2,665
139
144
Finland 
1,726
1,731
127
133
Norway
1,684
1,660
97
86
Denmark
2,447
2,493
177
168
Other 
546
623
15
20
Total
8,635
9,172
555
551
Nordea’s main geographical markets comprise the Nordic 
countries. Revenues and assets are distributed to geographi-
cal areas based on the location of customers’ operations. 
Goodwill is allocated to different countries based on the loca-
tion of the business activities of the acquired entities.
G4.  Net interest income
Interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method1
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
4,318
4,491
1)	 Of which contingent leasing income amounts to EUR 78m (EUR 70m). Contingent 
leasing income at Nordea consists of variable interest rates, excluding the fixed mar-
gin. If the contingent leasing income decreases, there will be an offsetting impact 
from lower funding expenses. Interest income on the net investment in finance leas-
es amounts to EUR 155m (EUR 147m).
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Total ­operating 
income, EURm
Operating  
profit, EURm
Loans to 
 the public, EURbn
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public, EURbn
2019
2018
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total Operating ­segments
9,351
9,536
2,903
4,432
297
282
161
154
Group functions1
–7
25
–222
–141
–
–
–
–
Unallocated items
27
235
–85
140
29
28
9
12
Eliminations
–8
–7
–
–
–
–
–
–
Differences in ­accounting policies2
–728
–617
–483
–478
–3
–2
–1
–1
Total
8,635
9,172
2,113
3,953
323
308
169
165
1)  Consists of Group Business Risk Management, Group People, Group Legal, Group Internal Audit, Chief of staff office, Group Business Support and Group Risk & Compliance.
2)  Impact from different plan exchange rates and internal allocation principles used in the segment reporting.

--- Page 290 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
129
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method
EURm
2019
2018
Loans to credit institutions
589
529
Loans to the public
5,345
5,066
Interest-bearing securities
254
274
Yield fees and interest on hedges of assets
211
109
Interest income calculated using  
the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Loans at fair value to the public
1,177
793
Interest-bearing securities measured at fair 
value
181
210
Yield fees and other interest income on fair 
value assets
–8
444
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Interest expense
EURm
2019
2018
Deposits by credit institutions
–328
–336
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–523
–457
Debt securities in issue
–2,729
–2,585
Subordinated liabilities
–417
–335
Other interest expenses1
663
811
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
1)	 The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value, related to Nordea´s 
funding. This can have both a positive and negative impact on other interest expenses, 
for further information see Note G1 “Accounting policies“.
Interest from categories of financial instruments
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
214
253
Financial assets at amortised cost
5,929
5,675
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (related to hedging instruments)
–7
–85
Financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss
1,304
1,410
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–3,129
–2,879
Financial liabilities at fair value through  
profit or loss
7
117
Net Interest Income 
4,318
4,491
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant  
portion of interest income.
G5.  Net fee and commission income
EURm
2019
2018
Asset management commissions
1,455
1,440
- of which income
1,748
1,741
- of which expense
–293
–301
Life & Pension
251
258
- of which income
259
290
- of which expense
–8
–32
Deposit Products
23
23
- of which income
23
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
157
173
- of which income
368
280
- of which expense
–211
–107
Custody and issuer services
41
49
- of which income
74
90
- of which expense
–33
–41
Payments
307
302
- of which income
413
419
- of which expense
–106
–117
Cards
220
218
- of which income
350
341
- of which expense
–130
–123
Lending Products
429
399
- of which income
458
425
- of which expense
–29
–26
Guarantees
111
116
- of which income
131
133
- of which expense
–20
–17
Other 
17
15
- of which income
107
104
- of which expense
–90
–89
Total
3,011
2,993
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest 
rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at  
fair value through profit or loss amounts to EUR 390m  
(EUR 383m).
Fee income, not included in determining the effective inter-
est rate, from fiduciary activities that result in the holding or 
investing of assets on behalf of customers amounts to  
EUR 2,375m (EUR 2,311m). The corresponding amount for  
fee expenses is EUR –8m (EUR –32m).
G4.  Net interest income, cont.

--- Page 291 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
130
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Break down by Business Areas
EURm, 2019
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
33
5
1,238
0
0
1,455
Life & Pension
59
27
5
160
0
0
251
Deposit Products
9
13
1
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
23
29
75
33
0
–3
157
Custody and issuer services
6
5
36
3
–7
–2
41
Payments
83
160
69
1
1
–7
307
Cards
149
48
13
1
0
9
220
Lending Products
139
133
154
3
0
0
429
Guarantees
9
36
66
0
0
0
111
Other 
16
10
20
–23
1
–7
17
Total
672
494
444
1,416
–5
–10
3,011
EURm, 2018
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
37
11
1,213
0
0
1,440
Life & Pension
60
24
4
170
0
0
258
Deposit Products
10
11
2
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
25
20
102
31
–2
–3
173
Custody and issuer services
8
7
36
9
–10
–1
49
Payments
89
164
53
–1
1
–4
302
Cards
170
35
12
1
0
0
218
Lending Products
117
101
179
1
0
1
399
Guarantees
7
40
71
0
0
–2
116
Other 
21
18
3
–15
–4
–8
15
Total
686
457
473
1,409
–15
–17
2,993
G6.  Net result from items at fair value
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
734
226
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
110
684
Other financial instruments  
(including credit and commodities)
103
55
Life insurance 1,2
77
123
Total
1,024
1,088
1)	 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life 
insurance consequently provides the true impact from the Life insurance operations.
2)	Premium income amounts to EUR 394m (EUR 840m).
Break-down of life insurance
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
1,571
–515
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
283
–65
Investment properties
123
125
Change in technical provisions
–1,794
20
Change in collective bonus potential
–139
512
Insurance risk income
66
91
Insurance risk expense
–33
–45
Total
77
123
Net result from ­categories of financial instruments 
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
90
–45
Financial assets designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
199
–41
Financial liabilities designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
–5,167
1,385
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily  
at fair value through profit or loss1
7,651
–1,885
Financial assets at amortised cost2
206
104
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–732
315
Foreign exchange gains/losses  
excluding currency hedges
94
512
Non-financial assets and liabilities
–1,317
743
Total
1,024
1,088
1)  Of which amortised deferred day one profit amounts to EUR 41m (EUR 39m).
2)  Gain or loss recognised in the income statement arising from derecognition of finan-
cial assets measured at amortised cost amounts to EUR 65m (EUR 53m) of which 
EUR 65m (EUR 53m) is gains and EUR 0m (EUR 0m) is losses. The reason for 
derecognition is that the assets have been prepaid by the customer or sold.
G5.  Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 292 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
131
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
G7.  Other operating income
EURm
2019
2018
Divestments of shares1
138
385
Income from real estate
3
2
Sale of tangible and intangible assets
9
9
Other
82
80
Total
232
476
1)	 2019: Gain related to sale of LR Realkredit EUR 138m. 2018: Gain related to sale of 
Nordea Liv & Pension Denmark EUR 262m, gain related to divestment of UC EUR 
87m and sale of Ejendomme EUR 36m.
Remuneration to the Board of ­Directors1 
EUR
2019
2018
Chairman of the Board:
Torbjörn Magnusson6
267,000
–
Björn Wahlroos4
80,088 
320,045
Vice Chairman of the Board:
Kari Jordan5
128,250
–
Lars G Nordström4
42,725 
180,323
Other Board members2:
Pernille Erenbjerg
146,638
121,434 
Nigel Hinshelwood
181,300
120,818 
Petra von Hoeken5
116,250
–
Robin Lawther
134,750
127,879 
Torbjörn Magnusson6
30,388
91,552 
John Maltby5
116,250
–
Sarah Russell
151,400
140,467 
Silvija Seres4
30,388
121,435 
Kari Stadigh3
–
34,566 
Birger Steen
173,900
140,467 
Maria Varsellona
124,138
121,434 
Lars Wollung3
–
29,882 
Total
1,723,465
1,550,302
1)	 Board remuneration consists of a fixed annual fee and a fixed annual fee for  
committee work. Any benefits are included at taxable values. 
2)	Employee representatives excluded.
3)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2018.
4)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
5)	New member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
6)	Elected as Chairman of the Board as from the AGM 2019
Remuneration for the Board of Directors, 
the CEO and Group Leadership Team 
Board remuneration
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2019 decided on annual 
remuneration for the Board of Directors (the Board), for the 
Chairman amounting to EUR 300,000, for the Deputy Chair-
man EUR 145,000 and for other members to EUR 95,000. 
In addition, the annual remuneration paid for board com-
mittee work on the Board Operations and Sustainability Com-
mittee, the Board Audit Committee and the Board Risk Com-
mittee amounts to EUR 60,000 for the committee chairmen 
and EUR 30,000 for the other members. Remuneration for 
board committee work on the Board Remuneration Commit-
tee amounts to EUR 42,000 for the committee chairman and 
EUR 26,000 for the other members. 
Separate remuneration is not paid to members who are 
employees of the Nordea Group. 
Nordea covers or reimburses all direct expenses for the 
members of the Board of Directors, including travel, logistics 
and accommodation, related to board work.
There are no commitments for severance pay, pension or 
other remuneration for the members of the Board at 31 
December 2019.
G8.  Staff costs
EURm
2019
2018
Salaries and remuneration (specification below)1
–2,370
–2,361
Pension costs (specification below)
–269
–292
Social security ­contributions
–452
–434
Other staff costs2
74
89
Total 
–3,017
–2,998
Salaries and remuneration
To executives3
- Fixed compensation and benefits
–19
–22
- Performance-related compensation
–7
–11
Total
–26
–33
To other employees
–2,344
–2,328
Total
–2,370
–2,361
1)  Of which allocation to profit sharing 2019 EUR 10m (EUR 57m), consisting of a new 
allocation of EUR 22m (EUR 46m) and an adjustment related to prior years of EUR 
12m (EUR 10m). 
2)  Including capitalisation of IT project with EUR 166m (EUR 190m).
3)  Executives include the Board of Directors (including deputies), CEO, deputy CEO, 
executive vice presidents and Group Leadership Team in the parent company as well 
as the Board of Directors (including deputies), managing directors and executive 
vice presidents in operating group undertakings. Former board members (including 
deputies), CEOs, deputy CEOs, managing directors and executive vice presidents, in 
the parent company and operating subsidiaries, are also included. Executives 
amount to 137 (130) individuals.
Pension costs1
EURm
2019
2018
Defined benefits plans (Note G34)2
–37
–43
Defined contribution plans
–232
–249
Total
–269
–292
1)  Pension cost for executives, as defined in footnote 3 above, amounts to  
EUR 4m (EUR 3m) and pension obligations to EUR 8m (EUR 13m).
2)  Excluding social security contributions. Including social security contributions  
EUR 46m (EUR 54m).

--- Page 293 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
132
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Leadership Team (GLT)
Fixed salary1
GLT Executive Incentive 
Programme2
Benefits1
Total
EUR
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen3
408,314
–
158,416
–
 7,844
–
574,574
–
Casper von Koskull4
958,339
1,334,678
229,145
691,000
 50,509
92,571
1,237,993
2,118,249
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen5
131,729
–
59,905
–
4,414
–
 196,048
–
Group Chief Operating Officer and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen6
877,633
1,258,392
214,972
775,699
 43,921
58,399
1,136,526
2,092,490
Group Leadership Team:
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim 
 Deputy Managing Director7
5,232,982
5,600,291
1,454,983
3,298,847
86,786
86,987
6,774,751
8,986,125
Total
7,608,997
8,193,361
2,117,421
4,765,546
193,474
237,957
9,919,892 13,196,864
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull
417,852
–
109,470
–
18,649
–
545,971
–
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
302,702
–
–
–
833
–
303,535
–
Total8
8,329,551
8,193,361
2,226,891
4,765,546
212,956
237,957
10,769,398 13,196,864
1)  The fixed salary is paid in local currencies and converted to EUR based on the average 
exchange rate each year. The fixed salary includes holiday pay and car allowance where 
applicable. Benefits are included at taxable values after salary deductions (if any).
2)  Up until 2012 the CEO and members of GLT were offered a Variable Salary Part (VSP) 
and a share-based Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP). Since 2013, an Executive 
Incentive Programme (formerly GEM EIP, now GLT EIP) was offered. The outcome from 
GLT EIP 2019 has been expensed in full in 2019 but will be paid out over a five-year 
deferral period with forfeiture clauses compliant to remuneration regulations. Part of 
the GLT EIP 2019 deferred outcome is delivered in Nordea shares (excluding dividends), 
with a post-deferral one-year retention period.
3)  The annual fixed base salary of Frank Vang-Jensen as CEO was EUR 1,250,000 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 7,293. Frank Vang-Jensen 
took up the position as CEO on 5 September 2019.
4)  The annual fixed base salary to Casper von Koskull as CEO was EUR 1,354,462 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily housing benefits and tax consultation, amounting to EUR 
45,370. Casper von Koskull stepped down as CEO on 5 September 2019.
5)  The annual fixed base salary to Jussi Koskinen as Interim Deputy Managing Director 
was EUR 450,000 in 2019. Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 
4,059. Jussi Koskinen took up the position as Interim Deputy Managing Director on 10 
September 2019.
6)  The annual fixed base salary to Torsten Hagen Jørgensen as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO was DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 1,146,516) in 2019. In addition, car and holiday allowance 
paid amount to DKK 608,053 (EUR 81,442). Benefits included primarily housing ben-
efits, amounting to EUR 41,846. Torsten Hagen Jørgensen stepped down as Group COO 
and Deputy CEO by 10 September 2019.
7)  Remuneration to other GLT members is included for the period they have been appoint-
ed and eligible for GLT EIP 2019. Two GLT members left Nordea during 2019, one on 8 
May 2019 and one on 10 September 2019. Two new GLT members were appointed on 17 
December 2019.
8)  Severance pay committed during 2019 to the five executives leaving Nordea amounts 
to EUR 2,427,212, of which EUR 0 is to the former CEO. Total remuneration to be paid in 
2020 during the notice period to the five executives after leaving Nordea amounts to 
EUR 3,547,455, of which EUR 1,540,425 is to the former CEO and includes fixed salary, 
pension cost and benefits. These provisions are not included in the above table.
Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP) 2012
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019. 
No current GLT members have outstanding LTIP shares.
Salary and benefits
The BRC prepares alterations in salary levels and outcome of 
the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) as well as 
other changes in the remuneration package for the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO), the Interim Deputy Managing Direc-
tor and the other members of Group Leadership Team (GLT), 
for resolution by the Board. 
GLT EIP 2019, which is based on specific targets, could be  
a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. In accordance with 
remuneration regulations 40% of the GLT EIP 2019 will be 
paid out in 2020, 30% will be deferred to 2023 and 30% to 
2025. In line with regulatory requirements, 50% of the GLT 
EIP 2019 outcome is delivered in Nordea shares, which are 
subject to retention for 12 months when the deferral period 
ends. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, tax consultation 
and housing. 
Members of the GLT are indemnified for legal expenses 
incurred in relation to legal advice in defending or disputing 
certain claims or investigations from third parties, excluding 
crimes or actions made with intent or gross negligence. For 
each GLT member, the indemnity is capped at an aggregate 
amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the Board of Directors decides 
otherwise on a case-by-case basis. The indemnity is second-
ary to any other insurance coverage.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019 
Frank Vang-Jensen was appointed CEO on 5 September 2019. 
Remuneration for the CEO consists of three components: 
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Number of outstanding shares
LTIP 2012
Former Chief Executive Officers (former CEOs):
Christian Clausen
15,075
Casper von Koskull
10,620
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (former Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
9,848
Total
35,543

--- Page 294 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
133
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary for the CEO was decided to 
be EUR 1,250,000 as of 5 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and could 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019, 
as CEO, the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 
158,416.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 7,844 and include 
primarily car benefits. 
Total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on the 
three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
574,574.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
Casper von Koskull was appointed CEO on 1 November 2015 
and stepped down on 5 September 2019. Remuneration until 
5 September 2019 for the CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as CEO was decided to be 
EUR 1,354,462 as from 1 January 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 229,145. The out-
come is pro-rata reflecting the period until 5 September 2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 50,509 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits and tax consultation. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on 
the three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
1,237,993.
The CEO took part in past LTIPs until 2012. For more infor-
mation on LTIP see the separate section on remuneration in 
the Board of Directors’ report and above. 
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
Jussi Koskinen was appointed Interim Deputy Managing 
Director on 10 September 2019. Remuneration for the Interim 
Deputy Managing Director consisted of three components: 
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary, as Interim Deputy Managing 
Director, was EUR 450,000 including holiday allowance as of 
10 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 59,905. 
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 4,414 and included 
primarily car benefits.
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Interim Deputy 
Managing Director, based on the three components (exclud-
ing pension) amounted to EUR 196,048.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen was appointed Group COO and 
Deputy CEO on 1 November 2015 and stepped down on 10 
September 2019. Remuneration for the Group COO and Depu-
ty CEO consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT 
EIP and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO for 2019 was decided to be DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 
1,146,516).
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 214,972. The 
outcome is pro-rata reflecting the period until 10 September 
2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 43,921 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 1,136,526.
The Group COO and Deputy CEO took part in past LTIPs 
until 2012. For more information on the LTIPs, see the sepa-
rate section on remuneration in the Board of Directors’ report 
and above. 
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
Remuneration for the former CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. Total earned remuneration for 2019, 
as Former CEO, based on the three components (excluding 
pension) amounted to EUR 545,971.
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
Remuneration for the former Group COO and deputy CEO 
consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT Execu-
tive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) and benefits. Total 
earned remuneration for 2019, as former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 303,535
Pension 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019
The CEO is covered by a defined contribution plan from 5 
September 2019. The pension contribution was 30% of the 
fixed base salary.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
During the period 1 January 2019 to 5 September 2019 the 
CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension scheme 
and in addition had a defined contribution plan correspond-
ing to 8.5% of fixed salary. According to the statutory pension 
rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or retained in 
2020 is included in pensionable income.
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
The Interim Deputy Managing Director is covered by the 
Finnish statutory pension scheme. According to the statutory 
pension rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or 
retained in 2020 is included in pensionable income.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
The Group COO and Deputy CEO had a defined contribution 
plan. The pension contribution was 30% of fixed base salary.
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
During the period 5 September 2019 to 31 December 2019  
the former CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 295 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
134
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Pension expense and pension obligation
2019
2018
EUR
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Frank Vang-Jensen
122,494
–
–
–
Casper von Koskull
74,620
–
313,663
357,936
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
(Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
238,857
–
344,546
–
Group Leadership Team (GLT):
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim Deputy Managing 
Director3
905,302
1,004,303
872,073
777,583
Board members:4
Lars G Nordström
–
–
–
312,465
Total
1,341,273
1,004,303
1,530,282
1,447,984
Former Chairman of the Board, former CEOs and Deputy CEOs:
Vesa Vainio5
–
5,118,594
–
4,844,682
Lars G Nordström
–
313,010
–
–
Casper von Koskull6
35,026
399,536
–
–
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen7
96,893
–
–
–
Total
1,473,192
6,835,443
1,530,282
6,292,666
1)	 The pension expense is related to pension premiums paid under defined contribution 
agreements and pension rights earned during the year under defined benefit agree-
ments (Current service cost and Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19). 
Of the total pension expense EUR 1,436,414 (EUR 1,471,537) relates to defined contribu-
tion agreements. Contributions to the Finnish statutory pension schemes are reported 
as part of the social charges and thus excluded from the above disclosure. 
2)	The pension obligation (value of defined benefit pension plan liabilities) is calculated in 
accordance with IAS 19. The obligation is dependent on changes in actuarial assump-
tions and inter-annual variations can therefore be significant. IAS 19 includes an 
assumption about future increases in salary, so that the pension obligations disclosed 
are the earned pension rights calculated using the expected salary levels at retirement. 
The pension plans are funded, meaning that these obligations are backed with plan 
assets with fair value generally on a similar level as the obligations. 
3)	Members of GLT included for the period they are appointed. The pension obligation is 
the value of pension liabilities toward three Swedish GLT members on 31 December 
2019.
4)	Employee representatives excluded. The pension obligation is in accordance with the 
collective pension agreement BTP2 and earned during the employment period for one 
Swedish board member. 
5)	The pension obligation is mainly due to defined benefit pension rights earned at, and 
funded by, banks forming Nordea. The increase compared to 2018 is mainly due to 
lower interest rates applied in the valuation.
6)	The pension obligation is in accordance with the collective pension agreement BTP2  
in Sweden and earned from 5 September to 31 December 2019.
7)	The pension contribution is in accordance with the agreed terms and conditions for  
the period from 10 September to 31 December 2019.
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
During the notice period the former Group COO and Deputy 
CEO had a defined contribution plan. The pension contribu-
tion was 30% of fixed base salary.
Group Leadership Team (GLT)
The pension agreements for the other seven GLT members 
vary according to local country practices. Pension agreements 
are defined contribution plans or a combination of defined 
contribution and defined benefit plans. 
As of 31 December 2019, three members had pensions in 
accordance with the Swedish collective agreement, one in 
BTP1 (defined contribution plan) and two in BTP2 (defined 
benefit plan), with complementing defined contribution plans 
on top of the collective agreement. The pension contribution 
was in total 30% of fixed salary. 
One member had a defined contribution plan in accor-
dance with local practices in Denmark. The pension contribu-
tion is in total 30% of fixed base salary. 
One member was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
Two members do not have a pension agreement with 
Nordea.
Notice period and severance pay
In accordance with the employment contract the CEO has a 
notice period of 12 months and Nordea a notice period of 12 
months. The CEO has severance pay equal to 12 months’ sal-
ary, to be reduced by any salary he receives from other 
employment during these 12 months.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director and seven GLT 
members have a notice period of six months and Nordea a 
notice period of 12 months. Severance pay of up to 12 months’ 
salary is provided to be reduced by any salary the executive 
receives from other employment during the severance pay 
period. 
Additional disclosures on remuneration 
The Board of Directors report includes a separate section on 
remuneration, page 56. Additional disclosures for all Nordea 
employees will be published in a separate report on www.
nordea.com no later than one week before the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting on 25 March 2020.

--- Page 296 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
135
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Long Term Incentive Programmes
2019 
2018
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Rights LTIP 2012
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
69,305
207,915
69,305
147,251
441,753
147,251
Granted1
6,925
20,775
6,925
11,576
34,728
11,576
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–38,115
–114,345
–38,115
–89,522
–268,566
–89,522
Outstanding at end of year2
38,115
114,345
38,115
69,305
207,915
69,305
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2011
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
40,794
68,160
18,357
75,642
126,385
34,038
Granted1
4,072
6,803
1,832
5,946
9,935
2,676
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–44,866
–74,963
–20,189
–40,794
–68,160
–18,357
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
40,794
68,160
18,357
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2010
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
0
0
0
19,193
20,275
8,634
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–
–
–
–19,193
–20,275
–8,634
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
0
0
0
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
1)  Granted rights are compensation for dividend on the underlying Nordea share during the year.
2)  Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention requirements by the Nordic FSAs. There is no exercise price for the deferred rights. 
Loans to key management personnel
Loans to key management personnel, as defined in Note G1 
section 28, amount to EUR 2m (EUR 5m). Interest income on 
these loans amounts to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).
For key management personnel who are employed by 
Nordea the same credit terms apply as for other employees. 
In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to 
Nordea's funding cost with a margin of 30 basis points. In 
Denmark the employee interest rate for loans is variable and 
was 2.25% at 31 December 2019. In Norway the employee 
interest rate for loans is variable and was 2.30% at 31 Decem-
ber 2019. In Sweden the employee interest rate on fixed and 
variable interest rate loans is 215 basis points lower than the 
corresponding interest rate for external customers (with a 
lower limit of 50 basis points). There is currently a cap of 50 
Swedish price base amounts both on fixed and variable inter-
est rate loans. For interest on loans above the defined caps, 
the same terms apply as for premium customers. Loans to 
family members of key management personnel are granted 
on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management 
personnel who are not employed by Nordea.
Long Term Incentive Programmes
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019.
Share-based payment transactions
From 2019, Nordea operates deferrals in financial instruments 
on parts of variable remuneration for certain employee cat-
egories. Parts of variable remuneration are deferred for deliv-
ery after three years or deferred for delivery in equal instal-
ments over a three to five year period. Once financial instru-
ments are no longer in deferral, a retention period for certain 
employee categories is applied. Since 2011 and until 2018, 
Nordea operated share-linked deferrals as well as retention 
on parts of variable remuneration through the use indexation 
with Nordea’s Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for certain 
employee categories. Due to that the allocation of variable 
compensation is not finally decided during the current year, 
the deferred amount during the year in the table below relates 
to variable compensation earned the previous year.
In addition, in 2013 Nordea introduced the Executive Incen-
tive Programme (“EIP”) which aims to strengthen Nordea’s 
capability to recruit, motivate and retain selected people 
leaders and key employees outside of GLT, and aims to 
reward strong performance. The aim is also to further stimu-
late these people whose efforts have direct impact on 
Nordea’s result, profitability and long term value growth. The 
EIP rewards performance meeting agreed predetermined tar-
gets on Group, business unit and individual level. The effect 
on the long term result is to be considered when determining 
the targets. The EIP shall not exceed the fixed salary. The EIP 
for 2019 shall be paid in the form of cash and financial instru-
ments and be subject to deferral, forfeiture clauses and reten-
tion in line with relevant remuneration regulations. Deferred 
EIP awards are normally delivered pro-rata during the defer-
ral period. There are no vesting conditions for the pro-
gramme, but forfeitures and clawbacks are possible under 
certain conditions. Participation in the programme is offered 
to up to 400 selected people leaders and key employees, 
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 297 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
136
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Average number of employees, Full-time equivalents
Total
Men
Women
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Denmark 
7,904
8,505
4,560
4,826
3,344
3,679
Sweden
6,712
7,055
3,294
3,494
3,418
3,561
Finland
6,368
6,459
2,448
2,404
3,920
4,055
Norway
2,952
2,962
1,599
1,598
1,353
1,364
Poland
4,006
2,980
2,274
1,636
1,732
1,344
Russia
335
396
123
148
212
248
Estonia
432
253
142
78
290
175
Luxembourg
254
434
141
245
113
189
United States
116
116
56
56
60
60
Singapore
64
75
28
32
36
43
United Kingdom
54
58
31
35
23
23
Germany
45
44
27
26
18
18
China
29
29
12
12
17
17
Switzerland
5
10
4
5
1
5
Italy
10
9
7
6
3
3
Spain
6
5
3
3
3
2
Brazil
0
2
0
2
–
–
France
3
3
3
3
–
–
Chile
3
–
2
–
1
–
Belgium
2
–
2
–
–
–
Total average
29,300
29,395
14,756
14,609
14,544
14,786
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period
29,000
28,990
except for members of GLT who were instead offered a GLT 
EIP (further information about the GLT EIP can be found in 
the Remuneration section in the Board of Director’s Report), 
within the Nordea Group. The EIP is offered instead of 
Nordea’s LTIP and VSP for the employees invited. The alloca-
tion of the EIP 2019 is decided during spring 2020. A provision 
of EUR 20m excl. social costs is made 2019 for the cash set-
tled part. The same amount was recognised as an expense in 
the income statement for the equity settled part and as an 
increase in equity in the balance sheet.
The table below only includes deferred amounts indexed 
with Nordea TSR. The EIP has been included as from 2014, 
when deferred. Further information regarding all deferred 
amounts can be found in the separate report on remuneration 
published on Nordea’s homepage (www.nordea.com).
Share linked deferrals
EURm
2019
2018
Opening balance
89
109
Deferred/earned during the year
40
45
TSR indexation during the year
–11
–15
Payments during the year
–44
–49
Translation differences
–
–1
Closing balance
74
89
Gender distribution
In the parent company's Board of Directors, of the AGM 
elected Board members, 50% (50%) were men and 50% 
(50%) were women. In the Board of Directors of the Nordea 
Group companies, 68% (70%) were men and 32% (30%) 
were women. The corresponding numbers for other execu-
tives were 74% (72%) men and 26% (28%) women. Internal 
Boards consist mainly of management in Nordea, the 
employee representatives excluded.
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 298 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
137
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G9.  Other expenses
EURm
2019
2018
Information technology 
–530
–484
Marketing and representation
–59
–60
Postage, transportation, telephone  
and office expenses
–66
–83
Rents, premises and real estate
–150
–312
Resolution fee
–211
–167
Other
–623
–460
Total
–1,639
–1,566
Auditors’ fees 
EURm
2019
2018
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditing assignments
–9
–10
Audit-related services1
–1
–1
Tax advisory services
–
0
Other assignments1
–1
–1
Total
–11
–12
1)	 Of which Audit-related services EUR 0.1m (EUR 0.1m) and Other assignments  
EUR 0.4m (EUR 0.5m) to PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.
G10.  Depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment charges of 
tangible and intangible assets
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
–275
–113
Intangible assets 
–283
–194
Total
–558
–307
Impairment charges
Properties and equipment
–27
–
Intangible assets 
–745
–175
Total
–772
–175
Total
–1,330
–482
G11.  Net loan losses
EURm, 2019
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
2
–6
1
–15
–18
Net loan losses, stage 2
6
–46
0
–29
–69
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
8
–52
1
–44
–87
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
1
–48
–
–1
–48
Realised loan losses
–
–443
–
–9
–452
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
312
–
9
321
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
1
46
–
–
47
Reimbursement right
–
–
–
3
3
New/increase in provisions 
–
–555
–
–16
–571
Reversals of provisions
–
223
–
28
251
Net loan losses, defaulted
2
–465
0
14
–449
Net loan losses
10
–517
1
–30
–536
EURm, 2018
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
3
–14
0
–5
–16
Net loan losses, stage 2
10
51
0
–10
51
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
13
37
0
–15
35
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
3
–47
–
–1
–45
Realised loan losses
–1
–465
–
–13
–479
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
280
–
13
293
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
2
42
–
–
44
New/increase in provisions 
–
–494
–
–60
–554
Reversals of provisions
0
456
–
77
533
Net loan losses, defaulted
4
–228
–
16
–208
Net loan losses
17
–191
0
1
–173
1)  Includes individually identified assets for which the provision has been calculated based on statistical models.
2)  Provisions included in Note G14 “Loans and impairment“.
3)  Provisions included in G33 “Provisions”.

--- Page 299 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
138
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G12.  Taxes
Income tax expense
EURm
2019
2018
Current tax
–1,051
–891
Deferred tax
480
19
Total
–571
–872
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehen-
sive income, see Statement of comprehensive income.
The tax on the Group’s operating profit differs from the 
theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate in  
Finland as follows:
EURm
2019
2018
Profit before tax
2,113
3,953
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20.0%
–423
–791
Effect of different tax rates in other countries
–61
–197
Interest on subordinated debt
–24
–18
Income from associated undertakings
–18
22
Tax-exempt income
53
158
Non-deductible expenses
–46
–30
Adjustments relating to prior years
–26
17
Utilisation and origination of unrecognised tax 
assets
–57
0
Change of tax rate
–2
10
Effect of outside basis differences
49
0
Not creditable foreign taxes
–16
–43
Tax charge
–571
–872
Average effective tax rate
27%
22%
Deferred tax
Deferred  
tax assets
Deferred  
tax liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Deferred tax related to:
Tax losses carry-forward
118
105
–
–
Loans to the public
74
36
387
363
Derivatives
126
2
28
355
Intangible assets
0
3
94
63
Investment properties
0
–
4
34
Retirement benefit  
assets/obligations
126
39
46
30
Liabilities/provisions
160
66
56
32
Foreign tax credits
225
101
193
–
Other
11
7
26
24
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities
–353
–195
–353
–195
Total
487
164
481
706
The Nordea Group has EUR 487m (EUR 164m) deferred tax 
assets on the balance sheet at the end of 2019. The recogni-
tion of deferred tax assets is based on an assessment of the 
probability and amount of future taxable profits and on future 
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, which 
include estimation uncertainty. The estimation uncertainties 
that are assessed to pose significant risks of resulting in 
material adjustments to the carrying amount of deferred  
tax assets are described below.
The balance includes a gross asset of EUR 104m recog-
nised in relation to Danish tax losses of Nordea Bank Abp. 
These losses can be carried forward with no expiry. Manage-
ment expects the tax losses to be utilised within the next 
three to four years based on estimated taxable profits avail-
able under currently applied capitalisation policies for tax 
purposes, and sooner if the company opts out from recognis-
ing expenses for tax purposes in excess of expenses under 
accounting rules. Furthermore, Nordea Bank Abp's head 
office in Finland has recognised a EUR 225m deferred tax 
asset in relation to unused foreign tax credits that manage-
ment expects to be utilised within the expiry period of five 
years. This expectation is based on estimated future taxable 
profits from foreign operations, reversal of temporary differ-
ences and upfront taxation in Finland of certain types of 
income compared to relevant branch jurisdictions.
Additionally, the Group has unrecognised deferred tax 
assets of EUR 54m (EUR 87m) in relation to tax loss carry for-
wards in various entities as well as EUR 334m (EUR 141m) in 
relation to unused foreign tax credits in Nordea Bank Abp, 
Nordea Investment Management AB and Nordea Funds Ltd. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to tax losses may 
be recovered in the event of extraordinary taxable income 
arising in the relevant entities. Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets relating to foreign tax credits may be recovered in the 
event of unexpected timing of taxation or tax base between 
head office and branches.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unrecognised deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses carry-forward  
with no expirey date
54
87
Unused tax credits
334
141
Total
388
228
G13.  Earnings per share
2019
2018
Earnings:
Profit attributable to shareholders of Nordea 
Bank Abp, EURm
1,519
3,070
Number of shares (in millions):
Number of shares outstanding at  
beginning of year
4,050
4,050
Average number of own shares
–15
–14
Weighted average number of basic shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,036
Adjustment for diluted weighted average 
number of additional ordinary shares 
outstanding1
0
1
Weighted average number of diluted shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,037
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
1)  Relates to the Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP). For further information on 
these programmes, see Note G1 “Accounting policies” section 23.

--- Page 300 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
139
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G14.  Loans and impairment
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans measured at fair value through profit and loss
83,624
77,521
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2)
254,412
247,204
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,312
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Loans before allowances
342,646
329,306
- of which central banks and credit institutions
17,737
18,977
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3)
–1,686
–1,599
- of which servicing
–783
–720
- of which non-servicing
–903
–879
Allowances for not impaired loans (stage 1 and 2)
–497
–441
Allowances
–2,183
–2,040
- of which central banks and credit institutions 
–14
–15
Loans, carrying amount
340,463
327,266
Nordea has granted EUR 148bn (EUR 138bn) in mortgage credits. No intermediary credits or public sector credits  
have been granted. 
G15.  Interest-bearing securities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
State, municipalities and other public bodies
15,528
18,756
Mortgage institutions
25,447
28,077
Other credit institutions
13,372
24,736
Corporates
8,282
4,601
Other
2,301
52
Total
64,930
76,222
Provisions for credit risks amount to EUR 1m (EUR 2m).
G16.  Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
In repurchase transactions and in securities lending transac-
tions, non-cash assets are transferred as collateral. When the 
counterpart receiving the collateral has the right to sell or 
repledge the assets, the assets are reclassified in the balance 
sheet to the item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Total
7,151
7,568
For information on transferred assets and reverse repos, see 
Note G42 ”Financial instruments set off on balance or subject 
to netting agreements”.
G17.  Shares
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Shares 
3,285
4,407
Fund units, equity related
7,557
5,679
Fund units, interest related
3,342
2,366
Total
14,184
12,452
G18.  Assets and deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Interest-bearing securities
1,363
1,284
Shares 
29,049
23,076
Properties
307
158
Other assets
80
65
Total
30,799
24,583
Liabilities
Pooled schemes
4,377
3,964
Unit-linked investment contracts
27,482
21,689
Total
31,859
25,653
The Life Group and Nordea Denmark, branch of Nordea Bank 
Abp, have assets and liabilities included on their balance 
sheet for which customers bear the risk. Since the assets and 
liabilities legally belong to the entities, which also carries risks 
and rewards, these assets and liabilities are included on the 
Group’s balance sheet.

--- Page 301 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
140
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
20,077
19,354
3,521,834
FRAs
7
28
1,353,157
Futures and forwards
13
13
126,999
Options
5,308
5,984
378,691
Total
25,405
25,379
5,380,681
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
68
93
6,399
Futures and forwards
1
35
1,018
Options
221
459
10,325
Total
290
587
17,742
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,735
7,890
417,689
Currency forwards
4,242
5,290
555,046
Options
96
106
16,938
Total
10,073
13,286
989,673
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
1,011
1,026
140,992
Commodity derivatives
0
0
5,284
Other derivatives
5
20
162
Total
1,016
1,046
146,438
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
17,438
17,476
3,824,871
FRAs
26
8
1,036,172
Futures and forwards
25
27
137,399
Options
5,252
6,025
371,954
Total
22,741
23,536
5,370,396
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
192
138
10,886
Futures and forwards
4
2
1,255
Options
303
638
15,273
Total
499
778
27,414
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,214
9,076
397,180
Currency forwards
4,807
4,360
625,264
Options
108
116
19,879
Other
0
0
0
Total
10,129
13,552
1,042,323
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
536
756
130,921
Commodity derivatives
0
0
92
Other derivatives
10
2
564
Total
546
758
131,577
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
G19.  Derivatives and 
hedge accounting
Nordea enters into derivatives for trading and risk manage-
ment purposes. Nordea may take positions with the expecta-
tion of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates or 
indices. The trading portfolio is treated as trading risk for risk 
management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management 
purposes include hedges that either meet the hedge account-
ing requirements or hedges that are economic hedges, but do 
not meet the hedge accounting requirements. The table below 
shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments 
together with their notional amounts. The notional amounts 
indicate the volume of transactions outstanding at the year 
end and are not indicative of either the market or credit risk.
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value hedges1
1,269
1,422
180,547
Cash flow hedges1
1,019
120
22,253
Net investment hedges
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives
39,111
42,047
6,744,692
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
Fair value hedges1
1,959
402
160,440
Cash flow hedges1
1,143
437
20,795
Net investment hedges
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives
37,025
39,547
6,761,489
1)  Some cross currency interest rate swaps are used both as fair value hedges and cash 
flow hedges. The nominal amount of these instruments have been split on the rows 
fair value hedges and cash flow hedges in the table above based on the relative fair 
value of these hedging instruments. The total nominal amount of cross currency 
interest rate swaps was EUR 24,296m on 31 December 2019.

--- Page 302 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
141
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Risk management
Nordea manages its identified market risks according to the 
risk management framework and strategy described in the 
Market risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
Nordea classifies its exposures to market risk into either 
trading (the Trading Book) or non-trading (the Banking Book) 
portfolios that are managed separately. 
The Trading Book consists of all positions in financial instru-
ments held by Nordea either with trading intent, or in order to 
hedge positions held with trading intent. Positions held with 
trading intent are those held intentionally for short-term resale 
or with the intention of benefiting from actual or expected 
short-term price differences between buying and selling pric-
es, or from other price or interest rate variations. 
The Banking Book comprises all positions not held in the 
Trading Book. All hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are 
performed in the Banking Book. The hedging instruments and 
risks hedged are further described below per risk and hedge 
accounting type.
Interest rate risk
Nordea’s primary business model is to collect deposits and use 
these funds to provide loans and other funding products and 
debt instruments to its customers. Interest rate risk is the 
impact that changes in interest rates could have on Nordea’s 
margins, profit or loss and equity. Interest risk arises from mis-
match of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and assets 
such as deposits, issued debt securities and loan portfolio. 
As part of Nordea’s risk management strategy, the Board 
has established limits on the non-trading interest rate gaps 
for the interest rate sensitivities. These limits are consistent 
with Nordea’s risk appetite and Nordea aligns its hedge 
accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits. 
Nordea’s policy is to monitor positions on a daily basis. For 
further information on measurement of risks, see the Market 
risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.
For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate 
risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notion-
al of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item. 
The hedging ratio is established by matching the notional of 
the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.	
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present 
value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount 
curves. The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reli-
ably measurable and is typically the most significant compo-
nent of the overall change in fair value or cash flows.
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or eliminate changes in the fair value of 
financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, Nordea enters into fair value hedge relation-
ships as described in Note G1, section 10. Nordea uses pay 
fixed/receive floating interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed 
rate debt instruments and loans and pay floating/receive 
fixed interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed rate liabilities. 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e. notional 
amount, maturity, payment and reset dates).
The below table presents the accumulated fair value 
adjustments arising from continuing hedge relationships, irre-
spective of whether or not there has been a change in hedge 
designation during the year. 
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Carrying amount of hedged assets1
63,864
46,773
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
217
169
Carrying amount of hedged liabilties2
107,001
81,424
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
2,018
1,273
1)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institu-
tions, Loans to the public, Interest-bearing securities and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
2)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Deposits by credit institution, Deposits and 
borrowings from the public, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
3)  Of which all relate to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk.
The following table provides information about the hedging 
instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the bal-
ance sheet: 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,269
1,422
180,547
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,959
402
160,440
The below table presents the changes in the fair value of the 
hedged items and the changes in fair value of the hedging 
instruments used as the basis for recognising ineffectiveness. 
These changes are recognised on the row ”Net result from 
items at fair value” in the income statement. 
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
707
–237
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–688
194
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
19
–43
1)	 Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)	When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments  
(CVA, DVA, FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedges
For Nordea’s cash flow hedge accounting relationships, the 
hedged risk is the variability in future interest cash flows due 
to changes in market interest rates. In order to reduce or elim-
inate variability in future interest payments, Nordea primarily 
uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments according to 
Nordea’s policies and risk management strategy described in 
Note G1, section 10, and in the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.

--- Page 303 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
142
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the inter-
est rate swaps match the terms of the future interest cash 
flows (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges 
addressing interest rate risk including the notional and the 
carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the chang-
es in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions.
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
304
0
10,767
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
6
0
190
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
­whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
­during the year.
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
14
16
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–14
–16
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2 
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
14
16
1)  Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan
5
–3
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
14
16
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–3
–3
Transferred to the income statement  
during the year
–6
–6
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
1
1
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
6
8
Total comprehensive income 
6
8
Balance at 31 Dec
11
5
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
11
5
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 304 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
143
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The maturity profile of Nordea’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk  
(both fair value and cash flow hedge accounting) follows below:
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
 3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
Total
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Total
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Average rate of instruments hedging interest rate risk 
The average interest rate on the fixed leg of instruments 
hedging interest rate risk per 31 December 2019 is 0.78%.
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For-
eign exchange risk (FX risk) from trading activities is limited 
through a VaR limit while FX risk from structural exposures as 
described below is limited through a stress loss limit for the 
CET1-ratio impact from FX fluctuations in a severe but plau-
sible stress scenario (see the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”). 
Nordea’s issuance of credits and borrowing can be denom-
inated in the currency of the borrower or investor. Borrowing, 
investing and lending are not always executed in the same 
currency, thus exposing Nordea to a foreign exchange risk. 
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist 
between different transactions are predominantly matched 
by entering into cross currency interest rate swaps. The cur-
rency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of cur-
rency risk and the interest component as a fair value hedge of 
interest rate risk. 	
In addition to the above, Nordea also has exposure to 
structural foreign currency risk through its foreign operations 
that have a functional currency other than Nordea’s presenta-
tion currency, EUR (i.e. a translation risk). Fluctuation of the 
spot exchange rates will cause Nordea’s reported net invest-
ment in foreign operations to vary and the CET1-ratio to fluc-
tuate from the currency mismatch between equity and Risk 
Exposure Amounts (REA). Nordea applies hedge accounting 
when it hedges its investments in fully consolidated foreign 
operations whose functional currency is not EUR. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, 
the hedged item is a foreign currency component. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notional 
of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.
The currency component is determined as the change in 
present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange 
curves. The foreign currency component is separately identifi-
able and reliably measurable and is typically the most signifi-
cant component of the overall change in fair value or cash 
flows.
Cash flow and net investment hedges 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow and net 
investment hedges addressing currency risks including the 
notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instru-
ments and the changes in fair values used for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and 
ineffective portions.
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
­whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
­during the year. 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
715
120
11,486
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
754
327
18,844
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
1,137
437
20,605
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
1,145
521
29,149

--- Page 305 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
144
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
Total
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
Total
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
138
704
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–138
–704
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised  
in the income statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
138
704
Net investment hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
–62
67
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
62
–67
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
–62
67
1)  Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan 
–17
–43
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
138
704
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–28
–156
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–164
–670
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
34
148
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–20
26
Total comprehensive income 
–20
26
Balance at 31 Dec 
–37
–17
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
–37
–17
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 306 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
145
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,603
1,237
Acquisitions during the year
362
335
Sales during the year
–1,414
–3
Share in earnings1
69
122
Dividend received
–19
–23
Reclassifications
–
–28
Translation differences
–8
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
593
1,603
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–2
–2
Impairment charges during the year
–19
–
Accumulated impairment charges  
at end of year
–21
–2
Total
572
1,601
1)  See table Share in earnings.
Share in earnings 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Profit from companies accounted  
for under the equity method
69
124
Portfolio hedge, Eksportfinans ASA
–
–2
Share in earnings
69
122
Nordea's share of the associated undertakings’ aggregated 
balance sheets and income statements (excluding Luminor, 
see below) can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total assets
4,259
2,054
Net profit for the year
45
21
Other comprehensive income
1
0
Total comprehensive income
46
21
Nordea has issued contingent liabilities of EUR 0m (EUR 
26m) on behalf of associated undertakings.
Nordea has one material associate, Luminor Holding AS. 
The company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and 
DnB’s businesses in the Baltics. In 2018, the investment was 
classified as a joint venture as Nordea held 50.0% of the vot-
ing rights. In 2019, Nordea sold shares in Luminor and as at 31 
December 2019, Nordea owns 19.9% of the shares in Luminor. 
As communicated in connection with the announcement of 
the deal on 13 September 2018, Nordea and Blackstone have 
additionally entered into a forward sale agreement for the 
sale of Nordea’s remaining 20 per cent stake. The forward 
sale is subject to certain conditions but is expected to com-
plete over the next three financial years.
Luminor is included in the consolidated accounts of Nordea 
via the equity method. Luminor applies IFRS in its consolidated 
accounts and the balance sheet and income statements below 
are based on IFRS. The disclosed figures show the entire Lumi-
nor Group, not just Nordea’s share. The full-year figures for 
2019 were not available when this report was published.
Average rates of instruments hedging foreign  
exchange risk
The average forward exchange rates of instruments hedging 
foreign exchange risk per 31 December 2019 are presented in 
the table below.
31 Dec 2019
NOK
SEK
USD 
RUB
EUR
10.08
10.68
1.10
71.53
The IBOR reform 
The IBOR transition is a global reform with significant impact 
on the financial industry. It will affect a large variety of finan-
cial services and thus individuals, companies and institutions. 
The transition will influence products, market liquidity, risk 
management, data and technology infrastructure as well as 
financials and the balance sheet. IBORs are embedded in a 
vast range of financial instruments including loans, mortgag-
es, bonds, trading product and derivative contracts.
Current expectations are that some IBORs will be replaced, 
while others may continue to exist but with a reformed meth-
odology. There is currently uncertainty as to the timing and 
the methods of transition for the different IBORs and whether 
some existing benchmarks will continue to be supported. 
EONIA (for EUR) as well as LIBOR for e.g. USD, GBP and CHF 
will cease to exist after 2021, while EURIBOR and the Nordic 
IBORs at the moment are expected to be published beyond 
2021 in reformed formats. The uncertainties are expected to 
remain until the relevant contracts are all transitioned into 
new IBORs.
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Nordea has established an IBOR Transition Programme 
sponsored by the CFO and Group Treasurer to prepare and 
coordinate Group-wide efforts to manage the operational 
impacts and financial risks caused by the transition from 
existing IBOR rates to alternative near risk-free rates. An IBOR 
Transition Office is responsible for the Group-wide coordina-
tion of transition activities and reports to a Steering Commit-
tee with participation from senior management in Business 
Areas and Group Functions to ensure a centralised Nordea 
strategy and senior management steering and oversight. 
Business Areas and Group Functions are responsible for, and 
drive, the execution of changes required for a successful tran-
sition to alternative near risk-free rates.
As explained in Note G1, Nordea has early adopted the 
amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 and is applying the relief 
for the year-end reporting. In the table below, nominal 
amounts of the hedging derivatives in scope for the relief are 
disclosed.
Hedging derivatives with floating leg
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Total nominal amounts
CIBOR
9,122
STIBOR
17,810
NIBOR
12,767
EURIBOR
56,964
LIBOR
24,694
Other
22
Total
121,379

--- Page 307 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
146
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Balance sheet Luminor Group 
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks
2,400
3,275
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
175
204
Loans to the public
10,760
11,451
Interest-bearing securities
222
167
Derivatives
74
46
Other assets
160
167
Total assets
13,791
15,310
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities and equity
Deposits by credit institutions
1,331
3,939
Deposits and borrowings from the public
9,923
9,073
Debt securities in issue
658
350
Derivatives
58
43
Other liabilities
186
106
Equity
1,635
1,799
Total liabilities and equity
13,791
15,310
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Income statement Luminor Group 
9 months
12 months
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income
228
309
Interest expense
–39
–39
Net commission income
59
83
Net result from items at fair value
19
32
Other income
12
4
Total operating income
279
389
Staff costs
–87
–114
Other administrative expenses
–115
–115
Depreciation and amortisation
–10
–14
Net loan losses
–12
–4
Operating profit
55
142
Income tax expense
–5
–14
Net profit for the year
50
128
Other comprehensive income
2
2
Total comprehensive income
52
130
Reconciliation of the carrying amount in Luminor 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Nordea's share of equity in Luminor
327
1,013
Transaction costs
–
23
Other
–
1
Carrying amount of the holding in Luminor
327
1,037

--- Page 308 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
147
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Associated undertakings
31 Dec 2019
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 2019, 
EURm
Carrying 
amount 2018, 
EURm
Voting power 
of holding %
Eksportfinans ASA
816521432
Oslo
153
161
23
Eiendomsverdi AS
881971682
Oslo
15
13
25
Suomen Luotto-osuuskunta
0201646-0
Helsinki
2
2
27
LR Realkredit A/S
26045304
Copenhagen
–
7
39
Nordea Liv & Pension, livforsikringsselskab A/S
24260577
Ballerup
–
326
30
E-nettet Holding A/S
28308019
Copenhagen
3
3
20
Mandrague Capital Partners AB
556854-2780
Stockholm
14
5
40
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy
0974651-1
Helsinki
8
7
33
NF Fleet Oy
2006935-5
Espoo
9
9
20
NF Fleet AB
556692-3271
Stockholm
6
6
20
NF Fleet A/S
29185263
Copenhagen
4
4
20
NF Fleet AS
988906808
Oslo
3
3
20
Bankomat AB
556817-9716
Stockholm 
8
7
20
Visa Sweden
801020-5097
Stockholm 
–
6
–
Luminor Holding AS
14723133
Estonia
327
–
20
P27Nordic Payments Platform AB
559198-9610
Stockholm 
11
–
17
Mondido Payments AB
556960-7129
Stockholm 
4
–
14
Nordic KYC Utility AB
559210-0779
Stockholm 
2
–
17
Subaio ApS
37766585
Aalborg
1
–
25
Other
2
5
Total
572
564
Nordea's share of the joint ventures’ aggregated balance  
sheets and income statements can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 20191
31 Dec 20182
Total assets
–
345
Net profit for the year
–
–4
Other comprehensive income
–
0
Total comprehensive income
–
–4
1)  Relacom filed for bankruptcy on 3 January 2020 and is excluded from the disclosure.
2)  Estimate based on situation as of Q3 2018.
Joint ventures
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 
2019, EURm
Carrying 
amount 
2018, EURm
Voting 
power of 
holding %
Ownership %
Average 
number of 
FTE
Luminor Group AB1
559072-8316
Stockholm
–
1,037
–
–
–
Relacom Management AB2
556746-3103
Stockholm
–
–
61
61
3,000
Total
–
1,037
Total associated undertakings and joint ventures
572
1,601
1)  Luminor Group has been reclassified as an associate in 2019, see above.
2)  The joint control is based on a shareholders' agreement setting out that decisions about all relevant activities in the entity are made jointly. The company filed for bankruptcy on 3 
January 2020.
For information about investments in group undertakings and 
companies in which Nordea has unlimited responsibility, see  
Note P21 ”Investments in group undertakings”.

--- Page 309 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
148
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G21.  Intangible assets
Cash-generating units, EURm
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2019
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2019
Total 
31 Dec 2019
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2018
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2018
Total 
31 Dec 2018
Corporate & Investment Banking Denmark
–
47
47
–
87
87
Corporate & Investment Banking Finland
–
50
50
–
117
117
Corporate & Investment Banking Norway
173
69
242
172
87
259
Corporate & Investment Banking Sweden
–
63
63
–
88
88
Financial Institutions Group and International Banks
–
18
18
–
22
22
Business Banking Denmark
141
97
238
141
130
271
Business Banking Finland
–
138
138
–
183
183
Business Banking Norway
519
66
585
462
90
552
Business Banking Sweden
81
116
197
82
175
257
Business Banking Direct
–
23
23
–
30
30
Personal Banking Denmark
447
152
599
447
249
696
Personal Banking Finland
–
189
189
–
231
231
Personal Banking Norway
486
115
601
388
147
535
Personal Banking Sweden
122
324
446
124
389
513
Private Banking Denmark
–
14
14
–
16
16
Private Banking Finland
–
16
16
–
18
18
Private Banking Norway
–
6
6
–
7
7
Private Banking Sweden
–
9
9
–
10
10
Asset Management
–
79
79
–
91
91
Total
1,969
1,591
3,560
1,816
2,167
3,983
Other intangible assets 
–
–
135
–
–
52
Total intangible assets
1,969
1,591
3,695
1,816
2,167
4,035
1)  Excluding goodwill in associated undertakings.
Movements in goodwill, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,958
1,995
Acquisitions during the year
150
–
Translation differences
2
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
2,110
1,958
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–142
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–141
Translation differences
1
0
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–141
–142
Total 
1,969
1,816
Movements in computer software, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,788
2,377
Acquisitions during the year
437
534
Sales/disposals during the year
–441
–78
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
14
0
Translation differences
–16
–45
Acquisition value at end of year
2,782
2,788
Accumulated amortisation at beginning of year
–548
–417
Amortisation according to plan for the year
–246
–162
Accumulated amortisation on  
sales/disposals during the year
197
20
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
11
Accumulated amortisation at end of year
–606
–548
Accumulated impairment charges  
at beginning of year
–73
–43
Accumulated impairment charges  
on sales/disposals during the year
244
–
Impairment charges during the year
–742
–32
Translation differences
–14
2
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–585
–73
Total
1,591
2,167

--- Page 310 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
149
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G21 .  Intangible assets, cont.
Impairment testing of goodwill and computer software
A cash-generating unit, defined as the operating segment, is 
the basis for the impairment test. The impairment test is per-
formed for each cash-generating unit by comparing the car-
rying amount of the net assets, including goodwill, with the 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the value in 
use and is estimated based on discounted cash flows. Due to 
the long-term nature of the investments, cash flows are 
expected to continue indefinitely.
Cash flows for the coming three years are based on finan-
cial forecasts. The forecasts are based on Nordea’s macro-
economic outlook, including information on GDP growth, 
inflation and benchmark rates for relevant countries. Based 
on these macro forecasts, business areas project how mar-
gins, volumes, sales and costs will develop over the coming 
years. Credit losses are estimated using the long-term aver-
age for the different business areas. This results in an income 
statement for each year. The projected cash flow for each 
year is the forecasted net result in these income statements, 
reduced by the capital needed to grow the business in accor-
dance with the long-term growth assumptions. The projec-
tions take into consideration the major projects initiated in 
Nordea, e.g. the transformation programme. There is also an 
allocation of central costs to business areas to make sure the 
cash flows for the CGUs include all indirect costs. Tax costs 
are estimated based on the standard tax rate. Cash flows for 
the period beyond the forecasting period are based on esti-
mated sector growth rates. Growth rates are based on histori-
cal data, updated to reflect the current situation. 
The derived cash flows are discounted at a rate based on 
the market’s long-term risk-free rate of interest and yield 
requirements. The following growth rates and discount rates 
have been used:
Discount rate1
Growth rate
%
2019
2018
2019
2018
Sweden
6.4
6.6
1.8
2.0
Denmark
6.2
5.9
1.3
1.3
Finland
6.9
5.9
1.3
1.3
Norway
7.9
6.4
1.8
1.8
Russia
–
9.2
–
0.0
1)  Post–tax.
The impairment tests conducted in 2019 did not indicate any 
need for goodwill impairment. See also Note G1 ”Accounting 
policies”, section 4 for more information. An increase in the 
discount rate of 1 percentage point or a reduction in the 
future growth rate of 1 percentage point are considered to be 
reasonably possible changes in key assumptions. Such a 
change would not result in any impairment. 
The new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets, updated business plans per business area, and the fur-
ther consolidation to a global IT platform, in the third quarter, 
triggered a full impairment test of Nordea’s capitalised IT sys-
tems and an assessment of future restructuring needs. It was 
concluded that impairment of IT systems was required due to 
that the expected lifetime of some IT systems being signifi-
cantly shorter than previously expected, hence inability to 
realise full benefits, and in some cases due to decisions to 
stop the current development or use of the functionality.
The impairment recognised as a result of this test amount-
ed to EUR 735m and was recognised in Group Responsibility, 
which is included in Other Operating segments in the seg-
ment reporting in Note G3. The carrying amounts after 
impairment for the IT assets are disclosed per CGU in the 
table above, based on the receiving entity.

--- Page 311 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
150
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Owned
Right of use assets
Total
Owned
Equipment
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
49
1,487
1,536
40
Total
496
1,506
2,002
546
Equipment
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
1,340
–
1,340
1,331
Adjustments to opening balance
2
8
10
–
Acquisitions during the year
67
19
86
51
Sales/disposals during the year
–32
–1
–33
–20
Transfers/reclassifications
–19
–
–19
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
–22
Acquisition value at end of year
1,358
26
1,384
1,340
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–829
–
–829
–742
Adjustments to opening balance
–2
–
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
18
0
18
15
Transfers/reclassifications
18
–
18
0
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–99
–7
–106
–113
Translation differences
–1
0
–1
11
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–895
–7
–902
–829
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–5
–
–5
–5
Impairment charges during the year
–11
–
–11
0
Translation differences
0
–
0
0
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–16
–
–16
–5
Total
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
44
–
44
48
Adjustments to opening balance
–
1,515
1,515
–
Acquisitions during the year
3
167
170
–
Sales/disposals during the year
0
–16
–16
–4
Reclassifications
8
–
8
–
Translation differences
0
1
1
0
Acquisition value at end of year
55
1,667
1,722
44
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–3
–
–3
–5
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–2
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
0
6
6
2
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–2
–167
–169
0
Translation differences
0
–1
–1
0
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–5
–164
–169
–3
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–1
–
–1
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–16
–16
–
Translation differences
0
0
0
–
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–1
–16
–17
–1
Total
49
1,487
1,536
40
G22.  Properties and equipment

--- Page 312 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
151
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G23.  Leasing
Nordea as a lessor
Finance leases
Nordea owns assets leased to customers under finance lease 
agreements. Finance lease agreements are reported as 
receivables on the lessee included in “Loans to the public” 
(see Note G14) in an amount equal to the net investment in 
the lease. The leased assets mainly comprise vehicles, 
machinery and other equipment.
Reconciliation of gross investments and present value of 
future minimum lease payments:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Gross investments 
6,803
6,436
Less unearned finance income
–797
–786
Net investments in finance leases
6,006
5,650
Less unguaranteed residual values accruing to 
the benefit of the lessor
–3
–34
Present value of future minimum lease 
­payments receivable
6,003
5,616
Accumulated allowance for uncollectible 
­minimum lease payments receivable
–11
–8
In Finance lease contracts the residual value risk is carried by 
the vendor or by the lessee according to the terms of the 
contract. 
As of 31 December 2019 the gross investment and the net 
investment by remaining maturity was distributed as follows:
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Gross 
investment
Net 
­investment
2020
1,924
1,636
2021
1,687
1,445
2022
1,419
1,256
2023
700
649
2024
455
434
Later years
618
586
Total
6,803
6,006
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases mainly comprise machin-
ery and equipment. On the ­balance sheet they are reported 
as “Properties and equipment”.
Under non-cancellable operating leases, the future mini-
mum lease payments receivable are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2020
1
2021
0
2022
0
2023
–
2024
–
Later years
–
Total
1
Nordea as a lessee
EURm
2019
2018
Expense related to short-term leases
–12
–
Expense related to low-value leases
–1
–
Expense related to variable payments
–31
–
Leasing expenses during the year
–
–218
Interest expense during the year
–12
–
Sublease income
3
4
Total cash outflow on leases
–196
–
Other lease disclosures
See Note G22 ”Properties and equipment” for further infor-
mation related to Right of use assets.
See Note G44 “Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities” 
for further information on the maturity profile.
There are no significant lease commitments for leases that 
have not yet commenced.
Nordea operates in leased premises. The premises are 
mainly divided into head office contracts, banking branches 
and other contracts. The head office contracts in the different 
Nordic countries generally have a fixed lease term, of 10–25 
years. Usually these contracts have either continuation 
options or they are automatically continued unless separately 
terminated at the end of the lease term.
Banking branch contracts generally either have fixed lease 
terms of 1–10 years or are without an end date with the right 
to terminate. The termination clauses are generally 6–24 
months. The main principle is that the premises contracts do 
not contain purchase options. The company car contracts gen-
erally have a fixed lease term of less than 5 years.

--- Page 313 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
152
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G24.  Investment properties
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Carrying amount at beginning of year
1,607
1,448
Acquisitions during the year
102
131
Sales/disposals during the year
–157
–15
Fair value adjustments
42
57
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
–14
Carrying amount at end of year
1,585
1,607
Amounts recognised in the income statement1
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value ­adjustments2
74
62
Rental income
69
85
Direct operating expenses that generate rental 
income
–18
–21
Direct operating expenses that did not  
generate rental income
–1
–1
Total
124
125
1)  Included in ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  Including also fair value adjustments on investment properties presented as ”Assets in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investments contracts” on the balance sheet.
The method applied when calculating fair value is a rate of 
return calculation, based on internal models. As a supplement 
to these values, appraisals were obtained from independent 
external valuers for parts of the investment properties.
Approximately 75% of the investment properties are val-
ued using internal models based on a rate of return calcula-
tion. For the remaining 25% of the investment properties, 
appraisals were obtained from independent external valuers.
For further information regarding investment properties, 
see Note G41 ”Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
G25.  Other assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Claims on securities settlement proceeds 
1,366
2,832
Cash/margin receivables
9,978
10,161
Other 
1,199
1,756
Total
12,543
14,749
G26.  Prepaid expenses and  
accrued income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest income 
354
272
Other accrued income
372
324
Prepaid expenses
339
717
Total
1,065
1,313
G27.  Deposits by credit institutions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Central banks
11,409
16,456
Banks
17,570
21,579
Other credit institutions
3,325
4,384
Total
32,304
42,419
G28.  Deposits and borrowings 
from the public
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Deposits1
166,426
160,228
Repurchase agreements
2,299
4,730
Total
168,725
164,958
1)  Deposits related to individual pension savings (IPS) are also included.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders are obligations related to insur-
ance contracts. These contracts are divided into contracts  
containing insurance risk and contracts without insurance 
risk. The latter are pure investment contracts.
Insurance contracts consist of Life insurance provisions and 
other insurance-related items.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Traditional life insurance provisions
6,304
6,187
- of which guaranteed provisions
6,222
6,110
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
82
77
Collective bonus potential
2,113
1,937
Unit-linked insurance provisions
6,978
6,375
- of which guaranteed provisions
0
0
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
6,978
6,375
Insurance claims provision
461
433
Provisions, Health & personal accident
72
69
Total Insurance contracts
15,928
15,001
Investment contracts
3,318
3,229
- of which guaranteed provisions
3,318
3,229
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
–
–
Total
19,246
18,230
Life insurance contracts are measured and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 4, i.e. the measurement and recognition 
principle under previous GAAP has been maintained conse-
quently resulting in non-uniform accounting policies method-
ology on consolidation. Each market represented by Nordic 
and European entities measures and recognises insurance 
contracts using local accounting policies. See also Note G1 
section 19.

--- Page 314 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
153
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Gross premiums written
87
–
441
–
–
156
684
Transfers
40
–
–43
–
–
–56
–59
Addition of interest/investment return
273
–
1,740
–
–
540
2,553
Claims and benefits
–280
–
–806
28
–
–234
–1,292
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–41
–
–
–28
–94
Change in provisions/bonus potential
–298
200
98
–
3
–
3
Other
272
–
–790
–
–
–249
–767
Translation differences
48
–24
4
–
–
–40
–12
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,304
2,113
6,978
461
72
3,318
19,246
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
98%
69%
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,264
2,249
6,922
422
74
3,481
19,412
Gross premiums written
94
–
340
–
–
132
566
Transfers
34
–
–34
–
–
–
0
Addition of interest/investment return
261
–
336
–
–
–97
500
Claims and benefits
–292
–
–606
12
–3
–262
–1,151
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–44
–
–
–28
–97
Change in provisions/bonus potential
144
–265
122
–
–1
–
0
Other
–242
–
–656
–
–
109
–789
Translation differences
–51
–47
–5
–1
–1
–106
–211
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
99%
71%
Insurance risks
Insurance risk is described in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.  
Additional quantitative information is found below.
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life insurance operations, Sensitivities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sensitivities, EURm
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Mortality – increase in life span of 1 year
23.0
–17.7
23.2
–17.9
Mortality – decrease in life span of 1 year
–0.1
0.1
–0.4
0.3
Disability – 10% increase
8.3
–6.5
8.9
–6.9
Disability – 10% decrease
–5.7
4.4
–6.3
4.9
50 bp increase in interest rates
–286.0
6.7
–287.3
–5.6
50 bp decrease in interest rates
287.3
–6.7
288.7
5.6
12% decrease in all share prices
–828.7
–0.1
–680.8
–0.8
8% decrease in property value
–114.8
–0.5
–115.9
–0.8
8% loss on counterparts
–0.5
0.0
–1.5
0.0
1)  + (plus) indicates that policyholders liabilities increase.
2)  – (minus) indicates that equity decreases.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.

--- Page 315 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
154
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
Risk profiles on insurance
Product
Risk types
Material effect
Traditional
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
Yes
Unit-linked
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Health and personal accident
Mortality
No
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Financial contract
Mortality
No
Disability
No
Return guaranties
Yes
G30.  Debt securities in issue
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Certificates of deposit
22,094
29,693
Commercial papers
22,192
17,078
Covered bonds
115,361
107,936
Senior Non Preferred bonds
2,732
2,440
Other bonds
31,307
33,227
Other 
40
48
Total
193,726
190,422
G31.  Other liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities on securities ­settlement proceeds 
921
1,617
Sold, not held, securities
9,111
12,495
Accounts payable
151
152
Cash/margin payables
4,675
4,289
Lease liabilities
1,225
–
Other
3,785
4,762
Total
19,868
23,315
G32.  Accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest 
1
5
Other accrued expenses
1,261
1,423
Prepaid income
214
268
Total
1,476
1,696
G33.  Provisions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Restructuring 
304
193
Guarantees/commitments
144
121
Other 
122
7
- of which AML related matters
95
–
Total
570
321
Provisions for restructuring costs have been utilised in the 
amount of EUR 117m in 2019, and an increase of EUR 246m 
has been accounted for. The restructuring provision is related 
to the new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets. Approximately EUR 200m of the EUR 304m is expected 
to be utilised in 2020. However, like for any other provision, 
there is uncertainty surrounding timing and amount. The 
uncertainty is expected to decrease as the plans are executed.
Loan loss provisions on off-balance sheet items amount to 
EUR 144m (EUR 121m). 
More information on these provisions can be found in Note 
G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”. 
Excluding AML related matters, other provisions relate 
mainly to maintenance obligations in head office premises.
Restruc­turing
Other
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
At beginning of year
193
225
7
13
New provisions made
246
103
124
5
Provisions utilised
–117
–123
–5
–8
Reversals
0
–9
–4
–3
Reclassifications
–16
0
0
0
Translation differences
–2
–3
0
0
At end of year
304
193
122
7
Liabilities to policyholders by guarantee levels (technical interest rate)
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,060
1,426
2,827
2,228
2,170
889
16,600
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
6,447
1,367
2,772
2,181
2,175
849
15,791

--- Page 316 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
155
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retirement benefit assets
173
246
Retirement benefit obligations
439
398
Net liability (–)/asset (+)
–266
–152
Nordea sponsors both defined contribution plans (DCP) and 
defined benefit plans (DBP). IAS 19 ensures that the pension 
obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are 
reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The major plans in 
each country are funded schemes covered by assets in pen-
sion funds/foundations.
The plans are structured in accordance with local regula-
tions and legislation, local practice and, where applicable, 
collective agreements. Nordea’s main DBPs in Sweden, Nor-
way and Finland are all employer financed final salary and 
service-based pension plans providing pension benefits on 
top of the statutory systems. All DBPs are closed for new 
entrants; new employees are offered DCPs. 
DBPs in Sweden are mainly offered in accordance with col-
lective agreements and follow the regulations in the Pension 
Obligations Vesting Act (Tryggandelagen). Plan assets are 
held in a separate pension foundation. 
In Norway the DBPs are in accordance with the Nordea 
Norway occupational pension plan and follow the Occupa-
tional Pension Act (Foretakspensjonloven). In Norway, plan 
assets are also held by a separate pension fund. 
In Finland, Nordea provides additional pension benefits on 
top of the statutory system in accordance with the Nordea 
Finland occupational pension plan and follows the regula-
tions in the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL). Plan assets are 
generally held in a separate pension foundation. 
Minimum funding requirements differ between plans but 
where such requirements are based on collective agreements 
or internal policies the funding requirement is generally that 
the pension obligations measured using local requirements 
shall be covered in full, with a predefined surplus or alterna-
tively safeguarded by a credit insurance contract (Sweden 
only). Some pension plans are not covered by funding 
requirements and are generally unfunded. Quarterly assess-
ments are performed to monitor the likely level of future 
contributions.
Defined benefit plans may impact Nordea via changes in 
the net present value of obligations and/or changes in the 
market value of plan assets. Changes in the obligation are 
most importantly driven by changes in assumptions on dis-
count rates (interest rates and credit spreads), inflation, salary 
increases, turnover and mortality as well as relevant experi-
ence adjustments where the actual outcome differs from the 
assumptions. 
Assets are invested in diversified portfolios as further dis-
closed below, with bond exposures mitigating the interest 
rate risk in the obligations and a fair amount of real assets 
(inflation protected) to reduce the long term inflationary risk 
in liabilities.
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions	
Calculations on major plans are performed by external liability 
calculators and are based on different actuarial assumptions.
Assumptions1
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
2019
Discount rate2
1.39%
2.20%
0.60%
0.76%
1.82%
Salary increase
2.75%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
1.75%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
2018
Discount rate2
2.17%
2.82%
1.58%
1.80%
2.56%
Salary increase
3.00%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
2.00%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
1)  The assumptions disclosed for 2019 have an impact on the liability calculation by 
year-end 2019, while the assumptions disclosed for 2018 are used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2019.
2)  More information on the discount rate can be found in Note G1 “Accounting poli-
cies”, section 24. The sensitivities to changes in the discount rate are provided 
below.
3)  All pensions in Denmark are salary indexed. The inflation has hence no impact on 
the DBO.
4)  With CMI_2018 projections for 2019 calculations and CMI_2017 projections for 2018 
calculations.
Sensitivities – Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
%
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Discount rate  
- Increase 50bps
–11.1%
–8.1%
–6.4%
–5.1%
–9.0%
Discount rate  
- Decrease 50bps
12.9%
9.0%
7.1%
5.5%
10.3%
Salary increase 
- Increase 50bps
3.8%
0.3%
0.4%
4.9%
–
Salary increase 
- Decrease 50bps
–2.8%
–0.3%
–0.4%
–4.6%
–
Inflation  
- Increase 50bps
11.1%
8.0%
5.3%
–
1.7%
Inflation  
- Decrease 50bps
–9.8%
–7.7%
–4.9%
–
–1.6%
Mortality  
- Increase 1 year
5.1%
3.7%
4.8%
6.3%
4.8%
Mortality  
- Decrease 1 year
–5.1%
–4.9%
–4.7%
–6.0%
–4.6%
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actu-
arial assumption while keeping the other assumptions 
unchanged. This is a simplified approach because the actu-
arial assumptions are usually correlated. However, it enables 
isolating one effect from another. The method used for calcu-
lating the impact on the obligation is the same as when cal-
culating the obligation accounted for in the financial state-
ments. The sensitivity analysis includes the impact on the lia-
bilities held for future SWT (special wage tax) or SSC (social 
security contributions) in Sweden and Norway, respectively.
As all pensions in Denmark are salary-indexed, inflation 
has no impact on the DBO in Denmark. 
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations

--- Page 317 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
156
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets
EURm
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Obligations
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
3,494
Plan assets
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
3,342
Net liability(­–)/asset(+)
–283
–86
54
24
25
–266
–152
- of which retirement benefit assets
1
61
59
27
25
173
246
- of which retirement benefit liabilities
284
147
5
3
–
439
398
Movements in the obligation
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Interest cost
38
21
10
2
3
74
Pensions paid
–68
–37
–39
–6
–4
–154
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Translation differences
–35
9
–
0
4
–22
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
9
4
–
–
–
13
Closing balance
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
- of which relates to the active population
26%
11%
13%
–
–
19%
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,704
764
776
101
109
3,454
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Interest cost
40
19
9
2
3
73
Pensions paid
–68
–31
–43
–6
–17
–165
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–6
–
1
3
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Translation differences
–65
–4
–
0
–1
–70
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
34
–5
–
–
–
29
Closing balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
- of which relates to the active population
27%
14%
14%
–
–
20%
1)  Change in provision for special wage tax (SWT) and social security contribution (SSC) in Sweden and Norway.
The average duration of the obligation is 20 (18) years in Sweden, 15 (14) years in Norway, 14 (12) years in Finland, 11 (11) years 
in Denmark and 20 (22) years in the UK based on discounted cash flows. The fact of all DBPs now being closed to new 
entrants gives a lower duration. The increase in average duration during the year is due to changed assumptions.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 318 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
157
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Movements in the fair value of plan assets
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
34
19
13
2
3
71
Pensions paid
0
–19
–39
–6
–4
–68
Contributions by employer
–
4
–31
2
–
–25
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
105
18
78
6
17
224
Translation differences
–33
7
–
0
6
–20
Closing balance
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,634
666
865
127
131
3,423
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
38
17
11
2
3
71
Pensions paid
–
–19
–43
–6
–17
–85
Settlement
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Contributions by employer
–
4
0
3
–
7
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
–5
20
–7
–3
–6
–1
Translation differences
–63
–7
0
–1
0
–71
Closing balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Asset composition
The combined return on assets in 2019 was 8.8% (2.0%). The 
year was characterised by strong returns across all asset 
classes, primarily in equities and spread bonds. At the end of 
the year, the equity exposure in Nordea´s pension funds/foun-
dations represented 19% (24%) of total assets. 
The Group expects to contribute EUR 3m to its defined 
benefit plans in 2020.
Asset composition in funded schemes
%
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Bonds
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
- sovereign
43%
43%
30%
53%
84%
41%
36%
- covered bonds
23%
19%
9%
32%
0%
18%
18%
- corporate bonds
17%
6%
20%
0%
0%
15%
12%
- issued by Nordea entities
2%
4%
–
–
–
2%
1%
- with quoted market price in an active market
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
Equity
16%
17%
25%
15%
16%
19%
24%
- domestic
4%
4%
7%
15%
5%
5%
6%
- European
4%
4%
6%
0%
2%
4%
6%
- US
4%
5%
6%
0%
6%
5%
7%
- emerging
4%
4%
6%
0%
3%
4%
5%
- Nordea shares
–
–
–
–
–
0%
0%
- with quoted market price in an active market
16%
17%
26%
15%
16%
19%
24%
Real estate1
0%
15%
15%
0%
0%
6%
7%
- occupied by Nordea
–
–
5%
–
–
1%
1%
Cash and cash equivalents
1%
0%
1%
0%
0%
1%
3%
1)	 The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan.	
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 319 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
158
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
Recognised in the income statement
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Net interest
4
2
–3
0
0
3
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
SWT/SSC1
9
0
–
–
–
9
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
–1
2
0
0
46
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Net interest
2
2
–2
0
0
2
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–4
–
1
5
SWT/SSC1
8
3
–
–
–
11
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
37
18
–2
0
1
54
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.
Recognised in other comprehensive income
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–105
–18
–78
–6
–17
–224
SWT/SSC1
17
8
–
–
–
25
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
89
48
15
4
–4
152
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
5
–20
7
3
6
1
SWT/SSC1
44
–6
–
–
–
38
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
217
–38
–11
2
3
173
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway. 
Defined benefit pension cost
The total net pension cost related to defined benefit plans 
recognised in the Group's income statement (as staff costs) 
for the year is EUR 46m (EUR 54m). Total pension costs com-
prise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to 
defined contribution plans (see specification in Note G8 “Staff 
costs”).	 	
	
	
	
	
Compared with the pension cost in 2018, excluding past service cost and related SWT and SSC, the pension cost remained 
unchanged in 2019.

--- Page 320 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
159
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Multiemployer plans
In 2010 the Norwegian Parliament decided to change the AFP 
(Avtalefestet Pensjon) plan in Norway as from 2011. The 
change gave rise to a new multiemployer defined benefit 
plan that cannot be calculated as such, as information on 
Nordea's share of the liabilities and pension costs in the plan 
is not available from Fellesordningen (the administrator). 
Consequently the AFP plan has to be accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan in accordance with IAS 19. Informa-
tion on the funded status in the plan is not available. 
The AFP plan gives the entitled employees a lifelong addi-
tion to regular pensions from the age of 62. Furthermore, the 
scheme allows employees to continue working while receiv-
ing AFP without this affecting their pension rights. The plan is 
founded on the basis of a tripartite cooperation between 
employer organisations, employee organisations and the Nor-
wegian government. The government covers one third of the 
pension expense for the AFP plan while the member compa-
nies collectively cover the remaining two thirds of the pension 
expense. The premium the member firms pay to the plan is 
determined to be sufficient to cover on-going pension 
expenses and provide a basis for building up a pension fund. 
The purpose of the pension fund is to ensure sufficient ability 
to cover expected future pension obligations.
The premium rate for 2019 was 2.5% of employees’ wages 
between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount according 
to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The premium is cal-
culated based on the average wages and average base 
amounts from the previous year, excluding employees over 
the age of 61. Total premiums paid in 2019 amount to EUR 
3m. Payments into the plan in 2019 covered 2,500 employees. 
The premium rate for 2020 will be 2.5% of the employees’ 
wages between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount 
according to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The 
expected premiums in 2020 amount to EUR 3m. 
The employees that meet the requirements for AFP are 
guaranteed AFP payments regardless of the solvency of their 
employers. Consequently, the employer members have joint 
responsibility for two thirds of the pensions payable to 
employees who at any given time, meet the requirements for 
AFP. Any deficit or surplus on windup of the plan or the with-
drawal of entities from the plan will not have any impact on 
Nordea.
Key management personnel
The Group’s total pension obligations regarding key manage-
ment personnel amounted to EUR 7m (EUR 6m) at the end of 
the year. These obligations are largely covered by plan assets. 
Defined benefit pension costs (Current service cost as well as 
Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19) related 
to key management personnel in 2019 were EUR 0m (EUR 
0m). Complete information concerning key management per-
sonnel is disclosed in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
G35.  Subordinated liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Additional Tier 1
2,409
2,384
Tier 2
7,410
6,771
Total
9,819
9,155
G36.  Assets pledged as 
security for own liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Securities etc1
24,458
23,465
Loans to the public
146,615
144,707
Other assets pledged
12,922
3,727
Total
183,995
171,899
The above pledges pertain to  
the following liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
12,178
13,062
Deposits and borrowings from the public
5,569
2,402
Derivatives
4,676
–
Debt securities in issue
113,283
107,647
Other liabilities and commitments
2,464
2,587
Total
138,170
125,698
1)  Relates only to securities recognised on the balance sheet. Securities borrowed or 
bought under reverse repurchase agreements are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and thus not included in the amount. Such transactions are disclosed in Note 
G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
Assets pledged for own liabilities contain securities pledged 
as security in repurchase agreements and in securities lend-
ing. The transactions are conducted under standard agree-
ments employed by financial markets participants. Counter-
parts in those transactions are credit institutions and the pub-
lic. The transactions are typically short term with maturity 
within three months.
Securities in the Life operations are also pledged as secu-
rity for the corresponding insurance liabilities. 
Loans to the public have been registered as collateral for 
issued covered bonds and mortgage bonds in line with local 
legislation. In the event of the company´s insolvency, the 
holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered 
as collateral.
Other asset pledged relate to certificates of deposits 
pledged by Nordea to comply with authority requirements.
G37.  Other assets pledged 
Other assets pledged are mainly related to securities, which 
include interest-bearing securities pledged as securities for 
payment settlements within the central banks and clearing 
institutions in the amount of EUR 3,919m (EUR 4,788m). The 
terms and conditions require day to day securities and relate 
to intraday/over night liquidity. Collateral pledged on behalf of 
other items other than the company´s own liabilities, e.g. on 
behalf of a third party or on behalf of the company´s own con-
tingent liabilities, is also accounted for under this item.

--- Page 321 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
160
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G38.  Contingent liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Guarantees
- Loan guarantees
2,791
2,434
- Other guarantees
13,855
13,949
Documentary credits
1,146
1,433
Other contingent liabilities
0
3
Total
17,792
17,819
In its normal business, Nordea issues various forms of guar-
antees in favour of its customers. Loan guarantees are given 
for customers to guarantee obligations in other credit- and 
pension institutions. Other guarantees consist mainly of com-
mercial guarantees such as bid guarantees, advance payment 
guarantees, warranty guarantees and export-related guaran-
tees. Contingent liabilities also include unutilised irrevocable 
import documentary credits and confirmed export documen-
tary credits. These transactions are part of the bank’s services 
and support Nordea’s customers. Guarantees and documen-
tary credits are off-balance sheet items, unless there is a need 
for a provision to cover a probable loan loss that arises from 
the judgement that reimbursement will not be received. The 
table above includes all issued guarantees, also those for 
which the possibility of an outflow of resources is considered 
remote.
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken, in relation to certain 
individuals and on certain conditions, to be responsible for 
the potential payment liability against them in their capacity 
of managing directors or board members in group undertak-
ings of Nordea Bank Abp.
Nordea Bank Abp has indemnified the members of the GLT 
against legal expenses incurred in relation to legal advice in 
defending or disputing certain claims or investigations from 
third parties, excluding crimes or actions made with intent or 
gross negligence. For each GLT member, the indemnity is 
capped at an aggregate amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the 
Board of Directors decides otherwise on a case-by-case basis. 
The indemnity is secondary to any other insurance coverage.
A limited number of employees are entitled to severance 
pay if they are dismissed before reaching their normal retire-
ment age. For further disclosures, see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within the framework of its normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts, as 
well as possible fines due to e.g. weak anti-money laundering 
processes and procedures in the past. Presently, none of the 
current disputes are considered likely to have any significant 
adverse effect on Nordea or its financial position. As previ-
ously stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made a 
provision for ongoing AML-related matters. Nordea cannot 
exclude the possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s 
financial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management“ and Note G33 “Provisions”.
G39.  Commitments
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unutilised overdraft facilities
28,871
29,626
Loan commitments
46,459
43,661
Future payment obligations 
222
100
Other commitments
1,511
1,092
Total
77,063
74,479
Reverse repurchase agreements are recognised on and 
derecognised from the balance sheet on the settlement date. 
Nordea has as per 31 December 2019 signed reverse repur-
chase agreements that have not yet been settled and conse-
quently are not recognised on the balance sheet. On the set-
tlement date these reverse repurchase agreements will, as far 
as possible, replace existing reverse repurchase agreements 
not yet derecognised as per 31 December 2019. The net 
impact on the balance sheet is minor. These instruments have 
not been disclosed as commitments.
For information on credit commitments, see Note G1 
“Accounting policies”, section 26, about derivatives, see Note 
G19 “Derivatives and Hedge accounting” and about reverse 
repurchase agreements, see Note G43 “Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals”.
Nordea has in addition entered into an agreement to 
acquire SG Finans for an agreed purchase price of EUR 575m, 
contingent on customary regulatory approvals. See the Board 
of Directors’ report for additional details.

--- Page 322 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
161
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G40.  Classification of financial instruments
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
–
–
–
–
35,509
Loans to central banks 
5,889
3,318
–
–
–
–
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
5,724
2,792
–
–
–
–
8,516
Loans to the public
245,226
77,514
–
–
–
–
322,740
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
28,460
4,088
–
28,893
–
64,930
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
6,265
–
–
886
–
7,151
Shares 
–
14,184
–
–
–
–
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
30,324
169
–
–
306
30,799
Derivatives
–
36,784
–
2,327
–
–
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
–
–
–
–
–
217
Investments in associated u­ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
572
572
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
3,695
3,695
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
2,002
2,002
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,585
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
487
487
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
362
362
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
173
173
Other assets
1,079
10,778
–
–
–
686
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
–
–
–
–
372
1,065
Total
297,826
210,419
4,257
2,327
29,779
10,240
554,848
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
­hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
23,330
8,974
–
–
–
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
164,027
4,698
–
–
–
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
–
15,928
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
135,223
–
58,503
–
–
193,726
Derivatives 
–
40,298
–
1,749
–
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
–
–
–
–
2,018
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
742
742
Other liabilities1 
4,634
14,153
–
–
1,081
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
–
–
–
1,261
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
481
481
Provisions
–
–
–
–
570
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
439
439
Subordinated liabilities
9,819
–
–
–
–
9,819
Total
339,266
68,123
93,680
1,749
20,502
523,320
1)  Of which lease liabilities classified into the category Amortised cost EUR 1,225m.

--- Page 323 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
162
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
–
–
–
–
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
6,446
1,196
–
–
–
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
8,827
2,493
–
–
–
–
11,320
Loans to the public
234,471
73,833
–
–
–
–
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
3,384
32,682
7,134
–
33,022
–
76,222
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
7,026
–
–
542
–
7,568
Shares 
–
12,452
–
–
–
–
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
24,272
153
–
–
158
24,583
Derivatives
–
33,915
–
3,110
–
–
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
169
–
–
–
–
–
169
Investments in associated u­ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
1,601
1,601
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
4,035
4,035
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
546
546
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,607
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
164
164
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
284
284
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
246
246
Other assets
955
12,473
–
–
–
1,321
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
989
–
–
–
–
324
1,313
Total
296,819
200,342
7,287
3,110
33,564
10,286
551,408
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
­hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
33,933
8,486
–
–
–
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
158,433
6,525
–
–
–
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
–
14,996
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
135,644
–
54,778
–
–
190,422
Derivatives 
–
38,624
–
923
–
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,273
–
–
–
–
1,273
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
414
414
Other liabilities
989
17,828
–
–
4,498
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
273
–
–
–
1,423
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
706
706
Provisions
–
–
–
–
321
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
9,155
–
–
–
–
9,155
Total
339,700
71,463
83,665
923
22,756
518,507

--- Page 324 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
163
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
EURm
2019
2018
Carrying amount per end of year
4,257
7,287
Maximum exposure to credit risk per end of year
4,257
7,287
Nominal amount of credit derivatives used to 
mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk 
per end of the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, during the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, accumulated 
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
during the year
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
accumulated 
–
–
Assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair 
value option) consist of all assets in Nordea Life and Pension 
held under investment contracts, EUR 4,088m (EUR 7,134m). 
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts in Life, EUR 169m (EUR 153m), are designated at 
fair value through profit or loss. For more information see 
Note G1 section 13. Nordea does not disclose the effect of 
changes in credit risk on the fair values of these assets and 
the fair value change in related credit derivatives; as such, 
changes in value will directly result in essentially the same 
change in the carrying amount of the corresponding liabilities 
to policyholders. There is thus no significant impact on the 
income statement or equity due to changes in credit risk of 
these assets in Life.	
	
	
	
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss consist of issued bonds in the Danish group undertak-
ing Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, EUR 55,766m (EUR 
51,616m), issued structured bonds in Markets operation, EUR 
2,737m (EUR 3,162m), deposits linked to the investment 
return of separate assets, EUR 4,377m (EUR 3,964m) and 
investment contracts and pooled schemes in Life, EUR 
30,800m (EUR 24,923m). For issued structured bonds in Mar-
kets, changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk 
are recognised in other comprehensive income and Nordea 
calculates the change in own credit spread based on the 
change in Nordea’s funding spread by assuming the liquidity 
premium for the issuance to be constant over time. The 
change in the credit spread is estimated by comparing the 
value of the trades using the initial funding spread on issu-
ance date and actual funding spread on the reporting date. 
This model is assessed to provide the best estimate of the 
impact of own credit risk. The value of the investment con-
tracts in Life and asset linked deposits is directly linked to the 
assets in the contracts and there is consequently no effect 
from changes in own credit risk in these contracts.
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk of 
bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, are cal-
culated by determining the amount of changes in its fair 
value that are not attributable to changes in market condi-
tions. The method used to estimate the amount of changes in 
market conditions is based on relevant benchmark interest 
rates, which are the average yields on Danish and German 
(EUR) government bonds. This model is assessed to provide 
the best estimate of the impact of own credit risk. The chang-
es in own credit risk on issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are not recognised in other 
comprehensive income as that would create an accounting 
missmatch with the corresponding change in fair value of the 
mortgage loans that is recognised in profit or loss. For this 
reason, the whole change in the fair value of issued mortgage 
bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is recognised 
in the income statement. For the issued mortgage bonds, a 
change in the liability’s credit risk and price will have a corre-
sponding effect on the value of the loans as a change in the 
price of the bonds will be offset by the opposite change in the 
value of the prepayment option of the loans.	
	
	
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
2019
2018
EURm
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Carrying amount per end of the year
2,737
90,943
93,680
3,162
80,503
83,665
Amount to be paid at maturity1 
2,737
93,317
96,054
3,322
81,600
84,922
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, during the year
–15
94
79
20
–54
–34
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, accumulated 
–5
–456
–461
10
–550
–540
1)  Liabilities to policyholders have no fixed maturities and there is no fixed amount to be paid. For these liabilities, the amount disclosed to be paid at maturity has been set at the 
carrying amount.

--- Page 325 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
164
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial assets
Cash and balances 
with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
Loans 
340,680
343,410
327,435
330,681
Interest-bearing  
securities
64,930
65,047
76,222
76,334
Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
7,151
7,151
7,568
7,568
Shares
14,184
14,184
12,452
12,452
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
30,493
30,493
24,425
24,425
Derivatives
39,111
39,111
37,025
37,025
Other assets
11,857
11,857
13,428
13,428
Prepaid expenses  
and accrued income
693
693
989
989
Total
544,608
547,455
541,122
544,480
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt 
instruments
406,592
407,337
408,227
409,014
Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
31,859
31,859
25,653
25,653
Liabilities to 
­policyholders
3,318
3,318
3,234
3,234
Derivatives
42,047
42,047
39,547
39,547
Other liabilities 
17,562
17,562
18,817
18,817
Accrued expenses  
and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
Total
501,593
502,338
495,751
496,538
For information about valuation of items measured at fair 
value on the balance sheet, see Note G1 and the section 
“Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet” below. For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see 
the section “Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair 
value on the balance sheet” below.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
3,318
–
–
–
3,318
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,792
–
–
–
2,792
Loans to the public
–
–
77,514
–
–
–
77,514
Interest-bearing securities2 
19,694
1,487
48,726
2,660
172
13
68,592
Shares
11,825
10,184
325
322
2,034
860
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
30,078
26,129
359
359
362
362
30,799
Derivatives
37
–
37,717
12
1,357
–
39,111
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,578
1,585
Other assets
–
–
10,743
–
35
34
10,778
Total
61,634
37,800
181,494
3,353
5,545
2,847
248,673
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,974
–
–
–
8,974
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
4,698
–
–
–
4,698
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
27,482
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
3,318
–
–
3,318
Debt securities in issue
8,155
–
48,116
–
2,232
–
58,503
Derivatives
59
–
40,805
13
1,183
–
42,047
Other liabilities
3,587
–
10,564
–
2
–
14,153
Total
11,801
–
148,334
 30,813
3,417
–
163,552
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)  Of which EUR 7,151m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 326 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
165
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Determination of fair value for items measured 
at fair value on the balance sheet
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at 
fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the 
IFRS fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest 
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation 
of these instruments is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the 
asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the 
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. This cat-
egory includes listed derivatives, listed equities, government 
bonds in developed countries, and most liquid mortgage 
bonds and corporate bonds where direct tradable price 
quotes exist. 
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities that do not have directly quoted market prices avail-
able from active markets. The fair values are based on quoted 
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quot-
ed prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets 
that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated 
using valuation techniques or valuation models based on 
market prices or inputs prevailing at the balance sheet date 
and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant 
impact on the fair values. This is the case for the majority of 
Nordea’s OTC derivatives, securities purchased/sold under 
resale/repurchase agreements, securities borrowed/lent and 
other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models.
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of 
assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valua-
tion techniques or models supported by observable market 
prices or rates. This is generally the case for investments in 
unlisted securities, private equity funds, hedge funds, invest-
ment properties, more complex OTC derivatives where unob-
servable input has a significant impact on the fair values, cer-
tain complex or structured financial instruments and illiquid 
interest-bearing securities. Complex valuation models are 
generally characterised by the use of unobservable and 
model specific inputs.
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, 
make use of market prices and inputs. These market prices 
and inputs comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations 
etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while 
others are not. For most non-exotic currencies the interest 
rates are all observable, and implied volatilities and the cor-
relations of the interest rates and FX rates may be observable 
through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied vola-
tilities and correlations may also be observable for the most 
liquid equity instruments. For less liquid equity names the 
option market is fairly illiquid, and hence implied volatilities 
and correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the 
sensitivity towards unobservable parameters is measured. If 
the impact from unobservable parameters on the valuation is 
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
1,196
–
–
–
1,196
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,493
–
–
–
2,493
Loans to the public
–
–
73,833
–
–
–
73,833
Interest-bearing securities2 
30,947
3,896
49,130
3,393
329
4
80,406
Shares
10,159
8,381
596
595
1,697
916
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
24,167
20,692
227
227
189
189
24,583
Derivatives
70
–
35,917
89
1,038
–
37,025
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,588
1,607
Other assets
–
–
12,399
–
74
–
12,473
Total
65,343
32,969
175,791
4,304
4,934
2,697
246,068
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,486
–
–
–
8,486
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
6,525
–
–
–
6,525
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
21,689
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
3,234
–
–
3,234
Debt securities in issue
12,405
–
39,746
–
2,627
–
54,778
Derivatives
42
–
38,482
80
1,023
–
39,547
Other liabilities
7,192
–
10,622
–
14
–
17,828
Total
19,639
–
132,748
25,003
3,664
–
156,051
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)  Of which EUR 7,568m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.

--- Page 327 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
166
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
significant the instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For interest-bearing securities the categorisation into the 
three levels is based on the internal pricing methodology. 
These instruments can either be directly quoted in active 
markets (Level 1) or measured using a methodology giving a 
quote based on observable inputs (Level 2). If the impact 
from unobservable parameters on the valuation of the bond 
is significant the bond is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For OTC derivatives valuation models are used for estab-
lishing fair value. The models are usually in-house developed 
and based on assumptions about the behaviour of the under-
lying asset and statistical scenario analysis. Most OTC deriva-
tives are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy 
implying that all significant model inputs are observable in 
active markets.
Valuations of Private Equity Funds, Credit Funds and 
unlisted equity instruments are by nature more uncertain 
than valuations of more actively traded equity instruments. 
Emphasis is put on using a consistent approach across all 
assets and over time. The methods used are consistent with 
the guideline “International Private Equity and Venture Capi-
tal Valuation Guidelines” issued by IPEV Board. The guide-
lines are considered as best practice in the industry. For US-
based funds, similar methods are applied.
Further Nordea has loans and issued debt securities in the 
subsidiary Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab at fair value. 
When Nordea grants mortgage loans to borrowers, in accor-
dance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at the 
same time issues debt securities with matching terms, so 
called “match funding”. Fair value of the issued debt securi-
ties is based on quoted prices. As the borrowers have the 
right to purchase debt securities issued by Nordea in the mar-
ket and return these as repayment for their loans, the fair 
value of the loans is the same as the fair value of the issued 
bonds (due to the revaluation of the repayment option 
embedded in the loan) adjusted for changes in the credit risk 
of the borrower and the fair value of the margin associated 
with each loan.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally 
calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individu-
al instruments. This calculation is supplemented by portfolio 
adjustments.
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valua-
tions. CVA and DVA reflect the impact on fair value from the 
counterparty´s credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality, 
respectively. Calculations are based on estimates of exposure 
at default, probability of default and recovery rates, on a 
counterparty basis. Generally, exposure at default for CVA and 
DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through 
the simulation of underlying risk factors. Where possible, 
Nordea obtains credit spreads from the credit default swap 
(CDS) market, and probabilities of defaults (PDs) are inferred 
from this data. For counterparties that do not have a liquid 
CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross-sectional regression 
model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread 
given each counterparty's rating region and industry.
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valua-
tion of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised deriva-
tives is recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment 
(FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measure-
ment close-out-cost valuation adjustments and model risk 
adjustments for identified model deficiencies.
Nordea has during 2019 changed the principle for calculat-
ing the impact of funding costs and funding benefits on the 
valuation of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised 
derivatives (FFVA) in order to address an identified double 
counting versus the CVA.
The fair value measurement of the investment properties 
takes into account a market participant's ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the investment properties in its 
highest and best use, i.e. taking into account the use of the 
investment properties that is physically possible, legally per-
missible and financially feasible. The current use of the 
investment properties in Nordea is in accordance with the 
highest and best use. The valuation of the investment proper-
ties is carried out taking into account the purpose and the 
nature of the property by using the most appropriate valua-
tion methods. The primary valuation approach is a discounted 
cash flow model using current cash flows, market interest 
rates and the current yield requirements.
Transfers between Level 1 and 2
During the year, Nordea transferred interest-bearing securi-
ties (including such financial instruments pledged as collat-
eral) of EUR 4,272m (EUR 6,778m) from Level 1 to Level 2 and 
EUR 701m (EUR 3,169m) from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair 
value hierarchy. Nordea has also transferred derivative assets 
of EUR 0m (EUR 4m) and derivative liabilities of EUR 4m 
(EUR 2m) from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea has also transferred 
debt securities in issue of EUR 4,455m (EUR 7,534m) from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 0m (EUR 384m) from Level 2 to 
Level 1. Further Nordea transferred other liabilities from Level 
1 to Level 2 of EUR 1,426m (EUR 1,494m) and EUR 1m (EUR 
128m) from Level 2 to Level 1. The reason for the transfers 
from Level 1 to Level 2 was that the instruments ceased to be 
actively traded during the period and fair values have now 
been obtained using valuation techniques with observable 
market inputs. The reason for the transfer from Level 2 to 
Level 1 was that the instruments have again been actively 
traded during the period and reliable quoted prices are 
obtained in the market. Transfers between levels are consid-
ered to have occurred at the end of the year.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 328 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
167
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification
2018, EURm 
1 Jan 
2018
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2018
Interest-bearing 
­securities
168
–2
2
–
169
–9
2
–
–
–
–1
329
- of which Life
5
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
4
Shares
1,584
130
66
–
317
–333
–64
5
–
–3
–5
1,697
- of which Life
927
84
12
–
103
–135
–64
5
–
–
–16
916
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
- of which Life 
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
Derivatives (net)
453
–264
–431
–
–
18
246
3
–10
–
–
15
Other assets
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
68
–
–
–
74
- of which Life
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
40
–
–
–
40
Investment properties
1,448
–
57
–
131
–15
–
–
–
–
–14
1,607
- of which Life
1,437
–
57
–
113
–5
–
–
–
–
–14
1,588
Debt securities in issue
4,009
3
–585
–23
437
–
–1,215
1
–
–
–
2,627
Other Liabilities
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
14
–
–
–
14
Movements in Level 3
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
2019, EURm 
1 Jan 
2019
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2019
Interest-bearing 
­securities
329
–1
8
–
14
–180
2
–
–
–
–
172
- of which Life
4
–
9
–
–
–1
1
–
–
–
–
13
Shares
1,697
123
51
–
358
–419
–19
169
–31
91
14
2,034
- of which Life
916
42
–25
–
35
–221
–19
166
–31
–
–3
860
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
- of which Life 
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
Derivatives (net)
15
–121
200
–
–33
–
121
–
–8
–
–
174
Other assets
74
–
–5
–
–
–
–33
–
–
–
–1
35
- of which Life
40
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–
–
–
–
34
Investment properties
1,607
2
39
–
103
–157
–
–
–
–10
1
1,585
- of which Life
1,588
2
38
–
101
–145
–
–
–
–7
1
1,578
Debt securities in issue
2,627
54
–232
–8
422
–
–634
3
–
–
–
2,232
Other Liabilities
14
–
–
–
1
–13
–
–
–
–
–
2
1)  Due to deconsolidation of Nordea Bank S.A., Shares in Level 3 increased by EUR 91m and Investment properties in Level 3 decreased by EUR 3m. In addition, investment properties 
in Level 3 of EUR 7m have been reclassified from Investment properties to Properties and equipment.
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabili-
ties held at the end of the year. The reason for the transfer out 
of Level 3 was that observable market data became available. 
The reason for the transfer into Level 3 was that observable 
market data were no longer available. Transfers between lev-
els are considered to have occurred at the end of the year. 
Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during 
the year are included in “Net result from items at fair value” 
(see Note G6). Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are 
presented net.

--- Page 329 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
168
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The valuation processes for fair value measurements 
Financial instruments
The valuation process in Nordea consists of several steps. The 
first step is to determine the end-of-day (EOD) marking of 
mid-prices. It is the responsibility of the business areas to 
determine correct prices used for the valuation process. These 
prices are either internally marked prices set by a trading unit 
or externally sourced prices. The valuation prices and valua-
tion approaches are then controlled and tested by a valuation 
control function within the 1st line of defence, which is inde-
pendent from the risk-taking units in the front office. The cor-
nerstone in the control process is the independent price veri-
fication (IPV). The IPV test comprises verification of the cor-
rectness of valuations by comparing the prices to 
independently sourced data. The result of the IPV is analysed 
and any findings are escalated as appropriate. The verifica-
tion of the correctness of prices and inputs is as a minimum 
carried out on a monthly basis and is for many products car-
ried out daily. Third-party information, such as broker quotes 
and pricing services, is used as benchmark data in the verifi-
cation. The quality of the benchmark data is assessed on a 
regular basis. 
The valuation adjustment at portfolio level and the defer-
rals of day 1 P/L on Level 3 trades are calculated and reported 
on a monthly basis. The actual assessment of instruments in 
the fair value hierarchy is performed on a continuous basis. 
 Specialised teams within the unit Balance Sheet Risk Con-
trol (BSRC) are responsible for overseeing and independently 
assessing the valuations performed by the 1st line of defence. 
These teams are responsible for 2nd line of defence oversight 
for valuations, with independent reporting responsibilities 
towards the CRO and the BAC.
Investment properties
The main part of the investment properties in Nordea is held 
by Nordea Life and Pension (NLP). The valuation of the 
investment properties in NLP is performed quarterly by the 
real estate departments in each entity within NLP with full or 
partial assistance from external valuers. For the departments 
that use their own methodologies the changes in price levels 
of the properties are compared with valuations of similar 
properties assessed by external valuers. The result of the val-
uation is presented to, and approved by, the local manage-
ment in each entity. The CFO in each entity within NLP is 
responsible for the approval of the concepts and for the val-
ues used. The principles used in all entities are in accordance 
with regulations provided by the local Financial Supervisory 
Authorities (FSA) which are in accordance with international 
valuation principles and in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition there is an Investment Operation Committee 
(IOC) which is a joint forum focusing on valuation and 
accounting of investment operations issues within NLP.  
The entities within NLP report regularly to IOC and IOC report 
quarterly to the Nordea Group Valuation Committee.
Investment properties in NLP are backing the liabilities to 
policyholders in life insurance contracts, unit-linked contracts 
and investment contracts, which means that the impact on 
Nordea’s income statement and on shareholders’ equity 
depends on the financial buffers and the profit sharing agree-
ments in the actual unit that owns the property.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 330 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
169
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
164
9
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–16/16
Corporates
8
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
172
13
–16/16
Shares
Private equity funds
833
489
Net asset value3
–93/93
Hedge funds
87
83
Net asset value3
–8/8
Credit Funds
421
167
Net asset value/market consensus3
–35/35
Other funds
289
115
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
460
62
–
–32/32
Total
2,090
916
–194/194
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
265
–
Option model
Correlations
–31/35
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–10
–
Option model
Correlations
–6/3
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–16
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–69
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–24/26
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
4
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
174
–
–61/64
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,232
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–11/11
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,232
–
–11/11
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
33
34
–4/4
Total
33
34
–4/4
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts. The 
gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders  
and do consequently not affect Nordea's equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a reasonable change of this credit spread would not 
affect the fair value due to callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 3% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 56m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 331 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
170
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
The table above shows, for each class of assets and liabilities 
categorised in Level 3, the fair value, the valuation techniques 
used to estimate the fair value, significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation techniques and for financial 
assets and liabilities the fair value sensitivity to changes in 
key assumptions. 
The column “range of fair value” in the tables above shows 
the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 financial instru-
ments to changes in key assumptions. Where the exposure to 
an unobservable parameter is offset across different instru-
ments only the net impact is disclosed in the table. The rang-
es disclosed are likely to be greater than the true uncertainty 
in fair value of these instruments, as it is unlikely in practice 
that all unobservable parameters would be simultaneously at 
the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possible alterna-
tives. The disclosure is neither predictive nor indicative of 
future movements in fair value. 
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
derivatives a range of different modelling approaches are 
applied to determine an uncertainty interval around the 
reported fair value. The different approaches applied target 
various aspects of derivatives pricing. Two common compo-
nents of derivative valuation models are volatility of underly-
ing risk factors and correlation between the relevant risk fac-
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
323
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–32/32
Corporates
6
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
329
4
–32/32
Shares
Private equity funds
745
457
Net asset value3
–84/84
Hedge funds
102
83
Net asset value3
–6/6
Credit Funds
398
176
Net asset value/market consensus3
–33/33
Other funds
292
183
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
191
48
–
–16/16
Total
1,728
947
–165/165 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
259
–
Option model
Correlations
–13/14
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–25
–
Option model
Correlations
–12/8
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–13
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–212
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–34/33
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
6
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
15
–
–59/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,627
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–13/13
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,627
–
–13/13
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
60
40
–7/7
Total
60
40
–7/7
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
aquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  
The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policy-
holders and do consequently not affect Nordea’s equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a resonable change of this credit spread would not  
affect the fair value due to ­callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
­develop­ment in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and ­Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 5% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 31m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.

--- Page 332 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
171
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Investment properties
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
713
 713 
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
110–401 EUR/m2
280 EUR/m2
- Other
128 EUR/m2
128 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
4.0%–5.65%
4,6%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7,1%
Finland3
933
 933 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–230 EUR/m2
187 EUR/m2
- Office
189–306 EUR/m2
296 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–291 EUR/m2
261 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.75%–7.25%
6,5%
- Office
4.5%–8.25%
5,8%
- Apartment
3.25%–4.75%
4,0%
- Other
4.5% -6%
5,3%
Sweden
238
 238 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
73–208 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
226–231 EUR/m2
229 EUR/m2
- Apartment
166–178 EUR/m2
172 EUR/m2
- Other
65–66 EUR/m2
65 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.10%–6.75%
5,8%
- Office
4.5%–4.65%
4,6%
- Apartment
3.73%–4.30%
3,9%
- Other
6.75%–6.75%
6,8%
Other
7
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,891
1,884
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)  Of which EUR 306m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
tors. Each of these is addressed by applying different assump-
tions to input and/or the choice of modelling approach. 
Besides these common factors a number of asset class spe-
cific factors are addressed. These include equity dividend 
expectations, recovery assumptions for credit derivatives and 
inflation expectations. The fair values of derivatives are pre-
sented as the net of assets and liabilities.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
shares and interest-bearing securities the fair value was 
increased and decreased within a total range of 2–10 per-
centage units depending on the valuation uncertainty and 
underlying assumptions. Higher ranges are applied to instru-
ments with more uncertain valuations relative to actively 
traded instruments and underlying uncertainties in individual 
assumptions.

--- Page 333 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
172
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Investment properties
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
620
620
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
102–729 EUR/m2
284 EUR/m2
- Other
126 EUR/m2
126 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
3.9%–6.0%
4.8%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7.7%
Finland3
881
881
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–233 EUR/m2
189 EUR/m2
- Office
123–294 EUR/m2
208 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–288 EUR/m2
260 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.8%–7.0%
6.4%
- Office
4.3%–8.3%
6.3%
- Apartment
3.3%–4.8%
4.0%
- Other
4.5%–6.3%
5.4%
Sweden
245
245
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
66–209 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
233 EUR/m2
233 EUR/m2
- Apartment
169–179 EUR/m2
174 EUR/m2
- Other
66 EUR/m2
66 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.3%–6.8%
5.8%
- Office
4.6%–5.0%
4.8%
- Apartment
3.8%–4.7%
4.0%
- Other
7.0%–7.2%
7.1%
Other
19
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,765
1,746
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)  Of which EUR 158m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value 
measurement of the investment properties are market rent 
and yield requirement. Significant increases (decreases) in 
market rate or yield requirement in isolation would result in  
a significant lower (higher) fair value.
Movements in deferred Day 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases 
differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured 
using a valuation model, mainly due to the transaction price  
not being established in an active market. If there are signifi-
cant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the trans-
action price and any difference between the transaction price 
and fair value at initial recognition measured using a valua-
tion model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information see 
Note G1 “Accounting policies”. The table below shows the 
aggregate difference yet to be recognised in the income 
statement at the beginning and end of the period and a rec-
onciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed 
during the year (movements in deferred Day 1 profit).
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 334 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
173
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net
EURm
2019
2018
Amount at beginning of year
81
58
Deferred profit/loss on new transactions
85
62
Recognised in the income statement during the year1 
–41
–39
Amount at end of year
125
81
1)  Of which EUR –m (EUR –m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.
Cash and balances with central banks 
The fair value of “Cash and balances with central banks” is due 
to its short term nature assumed to equal the carrying amount 
and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Loans
The fair value of “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” has been estimated by 
discounting the expected future cash flows with an assumed 
customer interest rate that would have been used on the mar-
ket if the loans had been issued at the time of the measure-
ment. The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the 
benchmark interest rate plus the average margin on new 
lending in Personal Banking, Business Banking and Large 
Corporates & Institutions respectively.
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy.
Interest-bearing securities
The fair value is EUR 3,606m (EUR 3,496m), of which EUR 
237m (EUR 0m) is categorised in Level 1 and EUR 3,369m 
(EUR 3,496m) in Level 2. The measurement principles follow 
those for similar instruments that are held at fair value on the 
balance sheet.
Other assets and prepaid expenses and accrued income
The balance sheet items “Other assets” and “Prepaid expens-
es and accrued income” consist of short receivables, mainly 
accrued interest receivables. The fair value is therefore con-
sidered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Deposits and debt instruments
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Deposits and 
borrowings from the public”, “Debt securities in issue” and 
“Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the carrying 
amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and 
in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to inter-
est rate risk are based on changes in relevant interest rates 
compared with corresponding nominal interest rate in the 
portfolios. The fair value changes in the credit risk are calcu-
lated as the difference between the credit spread in the nomi-
nal interest rate compared with the current spread that is 
observed in the market. This calculation is performed on an 
aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised in the 
balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordi-
nated liabilities”. As the contractual maturity is short for 
“Deposits by credit institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing 
from the public” the changes in Nordea´s own credit risk relat-
ed to these items are assumed not to be significant. This is also 
the case for short-term issuances recognised in the balance 
sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated 
liabilities”.
Other liabilities and accrued expenses and prepaid income
The balance sheet items “Other liabilities” and “Accrued 
expenses and prepaid income” consist of short-term liabili-
ties, mainly liabilities on securities settlement. The fair value is 
therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and 
is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
Fair value
Level in fair 
value hierarchy
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Cash and balances with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
3
Loans
257,056
259,786
249,913
253,159
3
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
3,606
3,384
3,496
1,2
Other assets
1,079
1,079
955
955
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
693
989
989
3
Total 
297,826
300,673
296,819
300,177
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Deposits and debt instruments
334,417
335,162
338,438
339,225
3
Other liabilities
3,409
3,409
989
989
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
3
Total 
338,041
338,786
339,700
340,487
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 335 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
174
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
126,040
–87,038
39,002
–27,317
–
–9,987
1,698
Reverse repurchase agreements
38,143
–9,965
28,178
–
–28,178
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,324
–
4,324
–
–3,223
–
1,101
Variation margin
382
–382
0
–
–
–
0
Total
168,889
–97,385
71,504
–27,317
–31,401
–9,987
2,799
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
125,813
–84,423
41,390
–27,317
–
–4,676
9,397
Repurchase agreements
24,351
–9,965
14,386
–
–14,356
–
30
Securities lending agreements
2,500
–
2,500
–
–2,500
–
0
Variation margin
2,996
–2,997
0
–
–
–
0
Total
155,660
–97,385
58,276
–27,317
–16,856
–4,676
9,427
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value , except for the reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,169m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,211m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit  institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by  credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
110,616
–73,806
36,810
–22,881
–
–10,183
3,746
Reverse repurchase agreements
37,336
–12,448
24,888
–
–24,888
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,176
–
4,176
–
–2,444
–
1,732
Variation margin
453
–453
0
–
–
–
0
Total
152,581
–86,707
65,874
–22,881
–27,332
–10,183
5,478
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the ­ 
balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
107,209
–70,998
36,211
–22,881
–
–4,311
9,019
Repurchase agreements
29,092
–12,448
16,644
–
–16,644
–
0
Securities lending agreements
2,963
–
2,963
–
–3,703
–
–740
Variation margin
3,261
–3,261
0
–
–
–
0
Total
142,525
–86,707
55,818
–22,881
–20,347
–4,311
8,279
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value, except for reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,217m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,210m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.

--- Page 336 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
175
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements, cont.
Enforceable master netting arrangements  
and similar agreements
The fact that financial instruments are accounted for on a 
gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agree-
ments or similar arrangements. Generally financial instru-
ments (derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions)
would be subject to master netting agreements, and Nordea 
would consequently be able to benefit from netting, in the 
event of its counter-parties defaulting, in any calculations 
involving counterparty credit risk.
For a description of counterparty risk, see the section 
Counterparty risk in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
G43.  Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals
Transferred assets that are not derecognised 
in their entirety and associated liabilities
Assets are considered to be transferred from Nordea if 
Nordea either transfers the contractual right to receive the 
cash flows from the asset or to retain that right, but has a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more 
entities.
All assets transferred continue to be recognised on the bal-
ance sheet if Nordea is still exposed to changes in the fair 
value of the assets. This is the case for repurchase agree-
ments and securities lending transactions. 
Repurchase agreements are a form of collateralised bor-
rowing whereby Nordea sells securities with an agreement to 
repurchase them at a later date at a fixed price. The cash 
received is recognised as a deposit (liability). Securities deliv-
ered under repurchase agreements are not derecognised 
from the balance sheet. 
Securities lending transactions are transactions whereby 
­Nordea lends securities it holds to a counterpart and receives 
a fee.
As both repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions result in securities being returned to Nordea, all 
risks and rewards of the instruments transferred are retained 
by Nordea, although they are not available to ­Nordea during 
the period during which they are transferred. The counter-
parts in the transactions hold the securities as collateral, but 
have no recourse to other assets in Nordea.
The securities still reported on the balance sheet and the 
corresponding liabilities are measured at fair value.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Securities lending agreements
Shares
–
–
Total
7,151
7,568
Liabilities associated with the assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
7,150
7,564
Securities lending agreements
–
–
Securitisations
–
–
Total
7,150
7,564
Net
1
4
Obtained collaterals that are permitted  
to be sold or repledged
Nordea obtains collaterals under reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements which, under the terms of 
the agreements, can be sold or repledged. The transactions 
are conducted under standard agreements employed by 
financial markets participants. Generally, the agreements 
require additional collateral to be provided if the value of the 
securities falls below a predetermined level. Under standard 
terms for most repurchase transactions, the recipient of col-
lateral has an unrestricted right to sell or repledge it, subject 
to returning equivalent securities upon settlement of the 
transactions. The fair value of the securities obtained as col-
lateral under reverse repurchase and securities borrowing 
agreements is disclosed below.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Reverse repurchase agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
36,218
35,632
- of which repledged or sold
15,791
19,661
Securities borrowing agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
5,680
5,648
- of which repledged or sold
2,612
2,980
Total
41,898
41,280
G43.  Transferred assets and 
obtained collaterals, cont.

--- Page 337 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
176
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Expected maturity
31 Dec 2019 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
35,509
41,578
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
G14
9,207
–
9,207
7,642
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
7,629
887
8,516
10,856
464
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
71,994
250,746
322,740
77,834
230,470
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
20,021
44,909
64,930
36,619
39,603
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
–
7,151
7,151
7,568
–
7,568
Shares
G17
6,474
7,710
14,184
6,049
6,403
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
G18
22,371
8,428
30,799
17,314
7,269
24,583
Derivatives
G19
7,097
32,014
39,111
7,463
29,562
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
44
173
217
74
95
169
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
G20
–
572
572
139
1,462
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
4
3,691
3,695
205
3,830
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
169
1,833
2,002
127
419
546
Investment properties
G24
715
870
1,585
16
1,591
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
23
464
487
17
147
164
Current tax assets
362
–
362
284
–
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
–
173
173
–
246
246
Other assets
G25
11,944
599
12,543
14,554
195
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
805
260
1,065
1,094
219
1,313
Total assets
194,368
360,480
554,848
229,433
321,975
551,408
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,117
187
32,304
36,690
5,729
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
159,446
9,279
168,725
159,718
5,240
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
G18
6,188
25,671
31,859
5,242
20,411
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
1,056
18,190
19,246
1,939
16,291
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
65,196
128,530
193,726
71,549
118,873
190,422
Derivatives
G19
8,955
33,092
42,047
8,168
31,379
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,521
497
2,018
616
657
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
–
742
414
–
414
Other liabilities1
G31
18,589
1,279
19,868
23,233
82
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,471
5
1,476
1,646
50
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
95
386
481
40
666
706
Provisions
G33
228
342
570
250
71
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
–
439
439
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
2,512
7,307
9,819
536
8,619
9,155
Total liabilities 
298,116
225,204
523,320
310,041
208,466
518,507
1)  Of which liabilities related to right of use assets
138
1,087
1,225
–
–
–

--- Page 338 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
177
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
205,741
526,949
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
67,685
67,685
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,240
10,240
Total assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
283,666
604,874
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
38,667
426,848
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
108,226
108,226
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
52,030
52,030
Total liabilities and equity
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
198,923
587,104
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
569,174
151,980
237,205
87,566
1,045,925
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
568,210
153,460
237,308
87,015
1,045,993
Net exposure 
–
964
–1,480
–103
551
–68
Exposure
–102,098
–2,999
878
36,627
85,294
17,702
Cumulative exposure
–102,098
–105,097
–104,219
–67,592
17,702
–
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
210,748
543,803
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
61,648
61,648
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,286
10,286
Total assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
282,682
615,737
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
37,452
432,138
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
104,805
104,805
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
55,657
55,657
Total liabilities and equity
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
197,914
592,600
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
574,388
174,708
264,725
89,041
1,102,862
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
565,441
174,087
273,162
90,700
1,103,390
Net exposure 
–
8,947
621
–8,437
–1,659
–528
Exposure
–92,094
–5,300
7,078
29,816
83,109
22,609
Cumulative exposure
–92,094
–97,394
–90,316
–60,500
22,609
–
The table is based on contractual maturities for the on bal-
ance sheet items. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows 
and outflows are disclosed for both derivative assets and 
derivative liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net 
basis. In addition to the instruments on the balance sheet 
items, Nordea has credit commitments amounting to  
EUR 75,330m (EUR 73,287m), which could be drawn on at 
any time. Nordea has also issued guarantees of EUR 16,646m 
(EUR 16,383m) which may lead to future cash outflows if 
­certain events occur. For further information about remaining 
maturity, see also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 339 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
178
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The information below is presented from a Nordea perspec-
tive, meaning that the information shows the effect from 
related party transactions on the Nordea figures.
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Assets
Loans
143
498
–
–
Interest-bearing securities
–
1,635
92
98
Derivatives
3
142
51
116
Other assets
66
2
41
11
Total assets
212
2,277
184
225
Liabilities
Deposits
8
587
524
759
Debt securities in issue
–
25
–
–
Derivatives
8
226
10
19
Other liabilities
–
107
2
1
Total liabilities 
16
945
536
779
Off balance
21
1,823
5
–
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income
1
23
2
3
Net fee and commission income
3
–15
–
–
Net result from items at fair value
5
–428
–12
51
Other operating income
1
1
–
–
Total operating expenses
0
–15
–
–
Profit before loan losses
10
–434
–10
54
1)  Shareholders with significant influence and close family members of key management 
personnel at Nordea, as well as companies controlled by key management personnel 
or by close family members of key management personnel at Nordea, are considered 
to be related parties to Nordea. This group of related parties includes Sampo Plc, 
which has a significant influence over Nordea, and the subsidiaries of Sampo Plc.  
Liabilities to Sampo Plc and its subsidiaries consist mainly of deposits and long-term 
investments in bonds issued by Nordea. The transactions with Sampo Plc and its sub-
sidiaries also include several ongoing derivative contracts. Other related parties also 
include Nordea's pension foundations. 
With the exception of compensation, certain loans and other 
commitments to key management, all related party transac-
tions are made on the same criteria and terms as those of 
comparable transactions with external parties of similar 
standing.
Compensation and loans to key management personnel
Compensation and loans to key management personnel are 
specified in Note G8 “Staff costs“. Certain other commitments 
to key management are noted in Note G38 ”Contingent 
liabilities”.
G45.  Related-party transactions
G46.  Interests in structured entities
Structured entities are entities designed so that voting or  
similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who 
controls the entity. It normally has restricted activities with  
a narrow and well-defined objective. If Nordea controls such 
an entity, it is consolidated.
Consolidated structured entities
The Viking ABCP Conduit (Viking) has been established with 
the purpose of supporting trade receivable or accounts pay-
able securitisations to core Nordic customers. The SPEs pur-
chase trade receivables from the approved sellers and fund 
the purchases either by issuing Commercial Papers (CP) via 
the established Asset Backed Commercial Papers programme 
or by drawing funds on the liquidity facilities available. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of 
EUR 952m (EUR 1,060m) and at year-end EUR 871m  
(EUR 938m) was utilised. Total assets in the conduit were 
EUR 904m (EUR 971m) at year-end. The SPE is consolidated 
as it is closely linked to the activities within Nordea. Also, 
Nordea is exposed to credit risk through the liquidity facility. 
There are no significant restrictions on repayment of loans 
from Viking apart from the payments being dependent on the 
rate at which Viking releases its assets.
AR Finance invests in notes backed by trade receivables. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of EUR 
125m (EUR 125m) and at year-end EUR 83m (EUR 114m) was 
utilised. The entity holds assets of EUR 84m (EUR 117m) at 
year-end.
Unconsolidated structured entities
For structured entities in which Nordea has an interest but 
not control, disclosures are provided. To be considered to 
have an interest in such an entity, Nordea must be exposed to 
variability in returns on the investment in the structured enti-
ty. Investment funds are the only interests in unconsolidated 
structured entities Nordea currently holds. Variability in 
returns is assessed based on both fees received and revalua-
tion of holdings in the funds.
There are several different products in which Nordea invests 
in investment funds:
a) on behalf of policyholders in Nordea Life & Pensions
b) on behalf of depositors where the return is based the 
investment
c) hedge exposures in structured products issued to 
customers
d) illiquid investments in private equity and credit funds
As Nordea is exposed to variability in returns on a gross basis, 
information about these funds is disclosed although the net 
exposure is considerably less. Any change in the value of 
investment funds acquired on behalf of policyholders and 
depositors, for which the policyholder/depositor bears the 
investment risk, is reflected in the value of the related liability 
and the maximum net exposure to losses is zero. The change 
in value in investment funds held on behalf of other policy-
holders is largely passed on to the policyholders, but as 
Nordea has issued guarantees in some of these products, 
Nordea is exposed to the changes in value.

--- Page 340 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
179
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Investment funds acquired to hedge exposures in struc-
tured products reduce the exposures and, to the extent hedg-
es are effective, Nordea is not exposed to changes in value. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 1m 
(EUR 3m), net of hedges.
Investments in illiquid private equity and credit funds are 
an integral part of managing balance sheet risks in Nordea. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 600m 
(EUR 509m), equal to the investment in the funds.
Nordea's interests in unconsolidated structured entities 
and any related liability are disclosed in the table below. The 
carrying amount is the maximum exposure to credit loss, 
before considering any hedges. Income related to these 
investments is recognised in “Net result from items at fair 
value”.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets, carrying amount:
Shares
10,899
8,044
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Total assets
37,552
30,223
Liabilities, carrying amount:
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Liabilities to policyholders
10,171
7,435
Total liabilities
36,824
29,614
Off balance, nominal amount:
Loan commitments
0
0
Nordea holds approximately 2,500 different funds that are 
classified as unconsolidated structured entities, approximate-
ly 400 of which are managed by Nordea. These have different 
investment mandates and risk appetites, ranging from low-
risk government bond funds to high-risk leveraged equity 
funds. Total assets in funds managed by Nordea are EUR 
177bn (EUR 151bn). All funds are financed by deposits from 
the units holders. The total assets in investment funds not 
managed by Nordea are not considered meaningful for the 
purpose of understanding the related risks and are thus not 
disclosed.
Nordea has sponsored two unconsolidated structured enti-
ties in which Nordea does not currently have an interest, 
Archean and Thulite. Nordea has established the entities but 
has no influence over them, and is thus considered to have 
sponsored them. During 2019, Thulite entered into one trans-
action, where it issued bonds and deposited funds with 
Nordea, as well as entering into a CDS selling credit protec-
tion to Nordea. Nordea has not recognised any income during 
2019 from Thulite. Archean has issued a guarantee in favour 
of Nordea and Nordea has received compensation amounting 
to EUR 18m from Archean under this guarantee during 2019.	
G46.   Interests in structured entities, cont.

--- Page 341 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
180
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The table below presents for each country where Nordea is 
established, (i.e. where Nordea has a physical presence), 
information about the businesses, geographical area, average 
number of employees, total operating income, operating prof-
it and income tax expense. Nordea is considered to have a 
physical presence in a country if Nordea has a subsidiary, 
associated undertaking or branch in that country. Nordea has 
not received any significant government subsidies.
2019
2018
Country
Business1
Geographical 
area
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Denmark
RB, CB, AM, LP
Denmark
7,904
2,588
424
–47
8,505
2,655
898
–159
Finland
RB, CB, AM, LP
Finland
6,368
2,110
198
–90
6,459
1,820
694
–164
Sweden 
RB, CB, AM, LP
Sweden
6,712
2,304
442
–150
7,055
3,083
1,080
–302
Norway
RB, CB, AM, LP
Norway
2,952
1,691
726
–198
2,962
1,668
1,061
–161
Russia
CB
Russia
335
53
29
–9
396
62
38
–8
Poland
Other
Poland
4,006
177
5
–2
2,980
124
1
1
Estonia
Other 
Estonia
432
19
3
0
253
10
1
0
Luxembourg
AM, LP
Luxembourg
254
276
179
–53
434
326
180
–54
United States
RB, CB, AM, LP
New York
116
90
49
–7
116
87
–65
–21
United Kingdom
RB, CB, AM, LP
London
54
66
40
–11
58
81
57
–3
Singapore
CB
Singapore
64
26
9
–1
75
33
–1
–1
Germany
CB, AM
Frankfurt
45
21
8
–4
44
18
8
1
Switzerland
AM
Zürich
5
2
0
0
10
2
0
0
China
CB
Shanghai
29
6
0
1
29
7
1
–1
Italy
AM
Rome
10
6
1
0
9
5
0
0
Spain
AM
Madrid
6
2
0
0
5
2
0
0
Brazil
AM
Sao Paolo
0
1
–
–
2
1
0
0
France
AM
Paris
3
1
0
0
3
1
0
0
Chile
AM
Santiago
3
2
0
0
–
–
–
–
Belgium
AM
Belgium
2
0
0
0
–
–
–
–
Eliminations3
–
–806
–
–
–
–813
–
–
Total
29,300
8,635
2,113
–571
29,395
9,172
3,953
–872
1)  RB= Retail banking, CB=Commercial banking, AM=Asset management, LP=Life and Pension. Split based on Nordea’s business activities, not on Nordea’s organisational units.
2)  Total operating income presented in this table is split by countries based on where Nordea has a physical presence, i.e. where Nordea has a subsidiary, associated undertaking or 
branch, while total operating profit presented in Note G3 is split by countries based on the location of the customers´ operations.
3)  Eliminations of transactions consist mainly of intragroup IT services.
Denmark
Nordea Danmark Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland
Nordea Investment Management AB, Denmark 
Branch
Nordea Fund Management, filial af Nordea 
funds Oy, Finland
Finland
Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd
Nordea Investment Management AB, Finland 
Branch
Sweden 
Nordea Bank Abp filial i Sverige
Nordea Life Holding AB
Nordea Livförsäkring Sverige AB (publ)
Nordea Funds Ab, Swedish Branch
Norway
Livforsikringsselskapet Nordea Liv Norge AS
Nordea Investment Management AB, Norway 
Branch
Nordea Funds Ltd, Norwegian Branch
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge
Italy
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Italian Branch
 
France
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. French Branch
Estonia
Nordea Bank AB Estonia Branch
Belgium
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Belgium Branch
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp Niederlassung Frankfurt
Nordea Funds Services GmbH (Germany)
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. German Branch
China
Nordea Bank Abp Shanghai Branch
Poland
Nordea Bank Abp Spolka Akcyjna Oddzial w 
Polsce
Singapore
Nordea Bank Abp Singapore Branch
Switzerland 
Nordea Asset Management Schweiz GmbH
Spain 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Sucursal en 
Espana
United Kingdom 
Nordea Bank AB London Branch 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. UK Branch
United States 
Nordea Bank Abp New York Branch
Chile 
NAM Chile SpA
Nordea also discloses the names of the subsidiaries, associ-
ated undertakings and branches for each country where 
Nordea is established. These disclosures are presented in the 
table below, in the last table “Group undertakings included in 
the Nordea Group” in the section “Capital adequacy for the 
Nordea Group” and in the last table in Note G20 “Investments 
in associated undertakings and Joint Ventures”.
G47.  Country by country reporting

--- Page 342 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
181
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G48.  Acquisitions
Acquisition of Gjensidige Bank	
On 2 July 2018, Nordea entered into an agreement with	
Gjensidige Forsikring to acquire all shares in Gjensidige	
Bank. The transaction was closed on 1 March 2019, when	
Nordea received final approval from the Norwegian regula-
tors. 1 March is the acquisition date and the date from which 
the acquired assets and liabilities are recognised on Nordea’s 
balance sheet. Assets and liabilities acquired are disclosed in 
the table below.	
The following purchase price allocation (PPA) has been 
established as of 1 March 2019.
EURm
1 Mar 2019
Loans to the public1 
5,185
Interest-bearing securities
608
Accruals and other assets
93
Deposits from the public
–2,315
Debt securities in issue1
–3,022
Accruals and other liabilities
–108
Acquired net assets
441
Purchase price, settled in cash
576
Cost of combination
576
Surplus value
135
Allocation of surplus value:
Non-controlling interest
–46
Customer intangible
29
Brands
8
Deferred tax liability
–6
Goodwill
150
1)  Including adjustments for fair value for loans and debt securities in issue measured 
at amortised cost in Gjensidige.
The fair value of loans in the table above included allow-
ances for the contractual cash flows not expected to be col-
lected. The allowances amounts to EUR 37m.
Nordea has identified a number of intangible assets in the 
acquisition. Two different customer related intangibles have 
been identified, one for deposit customers and one for lend-
ing customers. The value of the deposit customers is related 
to the funding they provide at interest rates lower than other 
funding. The customer intangible related to lending reflects 
the profit generated in specific portfolios. Amortisation of the 
deposit-related intangible is done over eight years, while the 
intangible related to the loans is amortised over four years, 
reflecting the pace at which customers can be expected to 
leave. The consumer finance business in Gjensidige is distrib-
uted through the brand Oppfinans, which is included in the 
acquisition. The brand has been valued using a royalty rate of 
3.5%. Goodwill arises mainly due to the synergies Nordea 
expects to achieve. Integrating the business in Gjensidige into 
Nordea will create cost synergies as well as some income 
synergies. The brand and the goodwill are expected to have 
indefinite lives and are consequently not amortised.
The Additional Tier 1 instrument accounted for as equity in 
Gjensidige is reported as a non-controlling interest in the 
Nordea consolidated accounts. The impact on Nordea’s net 
profit for the year was insignificant.

--- Page 343 ---
281
1)	 Employee representative.
*	 The total amount of the dividend payment and the amount carried forward as distributable retained earnings after the dividend pay-out, will be adjusted based on the amount of trea-
sury shares held by Nordea Bank Abp at the record date for the dividend payment.
Signing
Board of Directors’ proposal for the distribution of profits
On 31 December 2019, Nordea Bank Abp’s distributable earn-
ings, including profit for the financial year, were EUR 
18,166,606,378.45 and the unrestricted equity reserve was 
EUR 4,590,425,994.62. The Board of Directors proposes to the 
Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp to be held on 
25 March 2020 that a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share be paid 
based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2019.
The Company’s number of shares is 4,049,951,919. The total 
dividend payment for 2019, excluding dividend for treasury 
shares, would then be EUR 1,615,656,843.60* and it would be 
paid from retained earnings. After the dividend pay-out,  
EUR 16,550,949,534.85* is to be carried forward as distribut-
able retained earnings.
No material changes have taken place in the financial posi-
tion of the Company since the end of the financial period and 
the proposed dividend does not compromise the Company’s 
solvency. 
Nordea Bank Abp is the parent company of the Nordea Group 
and domiciled in Helsinki, Finland. A copy of the report by the 
Board of Directors and financial statements are available at 
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 00500 Helsinki and on Nordea’s website 
at www.nordea.com.
Auditor’s note
A report on the audit has been issued today.
Helsinki, 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Signatures to the Financial Statements and the Board of Directors report 
Helsinki, 20 February 2020
Torbjörn Magnusson
Chair
Frank Vang-Jensen
President and Group CEO
Kari Jordan
Vice Chair
Dorrit Groth Brandt
Board member1
Pernille Erenbjerg 
Board member
Nigel Hinshelwood 
Board member
Petra van Hoeken
Board member
Robin Lawther
Board member
John Maltby
Board member
Gerhard Olsson
Board member1
Hans Christian Riise
Board member1
Sarah Russell
Board member
Birger Steen
Board member
Maria Varsellona
Board member
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 344 ---
Auditor’s report
282
Auditor’s report (Translation of the Swedish original)
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion
In our opinion  
•	 the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and financial performance 
and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU
•	 the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company’s financial performance and financial position in 
accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements in Finland and comply 
with statutory requirements.
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019. The financial statements comprise: 
•	 the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, 
statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies
•	 the parent company’s balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing 
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Independence
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and to the 
group companies are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit 
services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provid-
ed are disclosed in Note G9 Other expenses/Auditors’ fees to the consolidated financial statements.
Our Audit Approach
Overview
•	 Overall group materiality: € 200 million, which represents 0,65 % of equity.
•	 The group audit scope encompassed all significant group companies, as well a number of smaller 
group companies in Nordic countries, covering the vast majority of revenue, assets and liabilities.
•	 Impairment of loans to customers
•	 Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
•	 Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
•	 IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting.
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signifi-
cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 345 ---
Auditor’s report
283
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance 
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They 
are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic deci-
sions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall 
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and 
to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole.
 
Overall group materiality
€ 200 million
How we determined it
0,65 % of equity
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose equity as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark 
against which the capital resources of the bank are most commonly mea-
sured by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 0,65% 
which is within the range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds 
in auditing standards.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit, taking into account the structure of the Nordea group, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the group operates.
We determined the type of work that needed to be performed at group companies by us, as the group engagement team, 
or by component auditors from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction.  Where the work was performed 
by component auditors, we issued specific instructions to reporting component auditors which included our risk analysis, 
materiality and audit approach to centralized systems. Audits were performed in group companies which were considered 
significant either because of their individual financial significance or due to their specific nature, covering the majority of 
revenue, assets and liabilities of the group.
By performing the procedures above at group companies, combined with additional procedures at the group level, we have 
obtained sufficient and appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the group as a whole to provide a basis 
for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the finan-
cial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other mat-
ters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 346 ---
Auditor’s report
284
Key audit matter in the audit of the group
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment of loans to customer
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G11 – Net loan losses and 
Note G14 – Loans and impairment to the consolidated finan-
cial statements.
A high level of judgement is involved in determining the 
appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. For individu-
ally assessed loans, judgement is involved in determining 
whether a loan has a loss event and in assessing the loan 
loss amount.
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a function of 
the probability of default, the exposure at default and the 
loss given default, as well as the timing of the loss. 
Nordea categorises loans into three stages depending on the 
level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for each individual 
loan. For loans without significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 1, expected credit losses are calculated for estimated 
defaults within 12 months. For loans where there is a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 
3, a lifetime of expected losses are calculated.
Nordea uses adjustments to the model-driven ECL results to 
address impairment model limitations and market trends.
 
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal 
controls over financial reporting and substantive testing. 
We obtained an understanding of the loan origination 
process, credit risk management and the impairment 
allowances for loans and advances to customers.
We had a special focus on ECL model updates and the 
credit risk development for large customers.
Based on risk, we selected individual loans and performed 
detailed credit file reviews and assessed its credit risk.
For ECL models, we involved our modelling specialists to 
assess the methodology, challenge the underlying 
assumptions and to independently reperform the calcula-
tion for a sample of loans.
We evaluated adjustments to the model driven ECL and 
reviewed that governance procedures have been 
performed. 
We assessed the disclosures related to impairment of 
loans.
Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G19 – Derivatives and 
Hedge accounting, Note G40 – Classification of financial 
instruments and Note G41 – Assets and liabilities at fair value 
to the consolidated financial statements. 
Given the ongoing volatility and macro-economic uncertain-
ty, valuation of financial instruments continues to be an area 
of inherent risk. The valuation of Level II and III financial 
instruments utilise observable and unobservable inputs 
respectively, for recurring fair value measurements. Signifi-
cant portfolios of financial instruments are valued based on 
models and certain assumptions that are not observable by 
third parties. 
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments held at 
fair value relate to: 
•	 Framework and policies relating to models and valuation;
•	 Internal controls relating to fair value hierarchy, fair value 
adjustments, price testing and model control & gover-
nance; and
•	 Disclosures of financial instruments.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We assessed and tested the design and operating effective-
ness of the controls over:
•	 The identification, measurement and oversight of valu-
ation of financial instruments
•	 Fair value hierarchy, fair value adjustments and inde-
pendent price verification
•	 Model control and governance.
We examined the Group’s independent price verification 
processes, model validation and approval processes, con-
trols over data feeds and inputs to valuation and the Group’s 
governance and reporting processes and controls. 
For the valuations dependent on unobservable inputs or 
which involve a higher degree of judgment, we assessed 
the assumptions, methodologies and models used by the 
Group. We performed an independent valuation of a sample 
of positions.
In respect of fair value adjustments, specifically Credit, Debt 
and Funding fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA and FFVA) 
for derivatives we assessed the methodology applied, 
underlying models and assumptions made by the Group 
and compared it with our knowledge of current industry 
practice. We tested the controls over the data inputs to the 
underlying models and on a sample basis tested underlying 
transactions back to supporting evidence.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 347 ---
Auditor’s report
285
Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty) and Note G29 – Liabilities to poli-
cyholders to the consolidated financial statements. 
Technical provisions involve subjective judgments over 
uncertain future outcomes. The value is based on models 
where significant judgment is applied in setting economic 
assumptions, actuarial assumptions as well as customer 
behavior. Changes in these assumptions can materially 
impact the valuation of technical provisions. 
We assessed the design and tested operating effective-
ness of the controls over the process for calculating provi-
sions within the Life business. 
Our audit also included assessments of applied methods, 
models and assumptions used in calculating the provi-
sions. We have on a sample basis performed recalcula-
tions of the provisions. The audit was carried out involving 
PwC actuaries.
IT systems supporting processes 
over financial reporting
Due to the significant number of transactions that are pro-
cessed, the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent 
on IT systems supporting automated accounting and recon-
ciliation procedures. To ensure complete and accurate finan-
cial records it is important that controls over appropriate 
access rights, program development and changes are 
designed and operates effectively.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness for 
controls related to the IT systems relevant for financial 
reporting. Our assessment included, access to program 
and data as well as program development and changes.
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well 
as appropriate segregation of duties. Other areas tested 
included monitoring of IT systems and controls over 
changes to IT systems.
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 with 
respect to the consolidated financial statements or the parent company financial statements.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, 
and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the prepa-
ration of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the 
parent company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or to cease operations, or there 
is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assur-
ance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 348 ---
Auditor’s report
286
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company’s or 
the group’s internal control. 
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or condi-
tions that may cast significant doubt on the parent company’s or the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclo-
sures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and wheth-
er the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true 
and fair view.
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with-
in the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervi-
sion and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our 
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical require-
ments regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most sig-
nificance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 349 ---
Auditor’s report
287
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of two financial years.
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information compris-
es the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our 
responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with 
the applicable laws and regulations.
In our opinion
•	 the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements
•	 the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Other Statements
We support the proposal that the financial statements are adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of profits is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director of the parent company should be discharged from liability for the financial period 
audited by us.
Helsinki 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 350 ---
- 224 - 
ANNEX 2  
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP FOR 
THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 351 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
85
Annual Report 2018
Financial statements
Income statement .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 86
Statement of comprehensive income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 87
Balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
Statement of changes in equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
Cash flow statement . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
Glossary  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 95
Notes to the financial statements
Accounting policies
G1	
Accounting policies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 96
Notes to the income statement
G2	
Segment reporting . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  119
G3	
Net interest income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 123
G4	
Net fee and commission income . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 124
G5	
Net result from items at fair value  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 125
G6	
Other operating income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 126
G7	
Staff costs  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 126
G8	
Other expenses  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G9	
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G10	 Net loan losses .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G11	
Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 132
G12	 Earnings per share .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 132
Notes to the balance sheet and memorandum items
G13	 Loans and impairment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 133
G14	 Interest-bearing securities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  136
G15	 Financial instruments pledged as collateral .  .  .  .  .  .  . 136
G16	 Shares .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 136
G17	 Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked contracts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  136
G18	 Derivatives and Hedge accounting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G19	 Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  141
G20	 Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 143
G21	 Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  144
G22	 Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G23	 Other assets . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G24	 Prepaid expenses and accrued income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G25	 Deposits by credit institutions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G26	 Deposits and borrowings from the public .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G27	 Liabilities to policyholders . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G28	 Debt securities in issue  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 147
G29	 Other liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 147
G30	 Accrued expenses and prepaid income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 147
G31	 Provisions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 147
G32	 Retirement benefit obligations . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 149
G33	 Subordinated liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153
G34	 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities .  .  .  .  . 153
G35	 Other assets pledged  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153
G36	 Contingent liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G37	 Commitments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  154
Other notes
G38	 Capital adequacy .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G39	 Classification of financial instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155
G40	 Assets and liabilities at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 158
G41	 Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  168
G42	 Disposal groups held for sale .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  169
G43	 Transferred assets and obtained collaterals . .  .  .  .  .  169
G44	 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 170
G45	 Related-party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 172
G46	 Credit risk disclosures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 173
G47	 Interests in structured entities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 181
G48	 Country by country reporting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 182
G49	 IFRS 16 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 183
Contents 
Financial statements – Nordea Group
85

--- Page 352 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
86
Annual Report 2018
EURm
Note
2018
2017
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
G3
5,843
6,132
Other interest income
G3
1,410
1,443
Interest expense
G3
–2,929
–2,909
Net interest income
G3
4,324
4,666
Fee and commission income
3,846
4,232
Fee and commission expense
–853
–863
Net fee and commission income
G4
2,993
3,369
Net result from items at fair value 
G5
1,088
1,328
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
G19
124
23
Other operating income
G6
476
83
Total operating income
9,005
9,469
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
  Staff costs 
G7
–2,998
–3,212
  Other expenses
G8
–1,399
–1,622
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
G9
–482
–268
Total operating expenses
–4,879
–5,102
Profit before loan losses
4,126
4,367
Net loan losses
G10
–173
–369
Operating profit
3,953
3,998
Income tax expense
G11
–872
–950
Net profit for the year
3,081
3,048
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Apb (Nordea Bank AB (publ))
3,070
3,031
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
7
–
Non–controlling interests
4
17
Total
3,081
3,048
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
G12
0,76
0. 75
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
G12
0,76
0. 75
Income statement

--- Page 353 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
87
Annual Report 2018
Statement of comprehensive income
EURm
2018
2017
Net profit for the year
3,081
3,048
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences during the year
–240
–511
Tax on currency translation differences during the year
–2
3
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
67
175
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–19
–37
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–48
–
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
11
–
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–10
–
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
2
–
Available for sale investments1:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–
31
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–8
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–
0
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
–
0
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
720
43
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–159
–19
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–676
–150
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
149
43
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
20
–
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–4
–
Defined benefit plans:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
–173
–115
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
36
25
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–326
–520
Total comprehensive income 
2,755
2,528
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp (Nordea Bank AB (publ))
2,744
2,511
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
7
–
Non-controlling interests
4
17
Total 
2,755
2,528
1)	 Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 354 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
88
Annual Report 2018
Balance sheet
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
43,081
Loans to central banks
G13
7,642
4,796
Loans to credit institutions
G13
11,320
8,592
Loans to the public
G13
308,304
310,158
Interest-bearing securities
G14
76,222
75,294
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G15
7,568
6,489
Shares
G16
12,452
17,180
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G17
24,583
25,879
Derivatives  
G18
37,025
46,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
169
163
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
G19
1,601
1,235
Intangible assets
G20
4,035
3,983
Properties and equipment
546
624
Investment properties
G22
1,607
1,448
Deferred tax assets
G11
164
118
Current tax assets
284
121
Retirement benefit assets
G32
246
250
Other assets
G23
14,749
12,441
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G24
1,313
1,463
Assets held for sale
G42
– 
22,186
Total assets
551,408
581,612
Liabilities 
Deposits by credit institutions
G25
42,419
39,983
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G26
164,958
172,434
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G17
25,653
26,333
Liabilities to policyholders
G27
18,230
19,412
Debt securities in issue 
G28
190,422
179,114
Derivatives  
G18
39,547
42,713
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,273
1,450
Current tax liabilities
414
389
Other liabilities
G29
23,315
28,515
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G30
1,696
1,603
Deferred tax liabilities
G11
706
722
Provisions
G31
321
329
Retirement benefit liabilities
G32
398
281
Subordinated liabilities
G33
9,155
8,987
Liabilities held for sale
G42
–
26,031
Total liabilities 
518,507
548,296
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
750
750
Non-controlling interests
6
168
Share capital
4,050
4,050
Share premium reserve
–
1,080
Invested unrestricted equity
1,080
–
Other reserves
–1,876
–1,543
Retained earnings
28,891
28,811
Total equity
32,901
33,316
Total liabilities and equity
551,408
581,612
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
G34
171,899
198,973
Other assets pledged
G35
4,788
4,943
Contingent liabilities
G36
17,819
19,020
Commitments
G37
74,479
77,032

--- Page 355 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
89
Annual Report 2018
Statement of changes in equity
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 31 Dec 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
103
120
–
28,811
32,398
750
168
33,316
Effects from changed accounting policy,  
net of tax
–
–
–
–
1
–
–8
–237
–244
–
–
–244
Restated opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
104
120
–8
28,574
32,154
750
168
33,072
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,070
3,070
7
4
3,081
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences during 
the year
–
–
–240
–
–
–
–
–
–240
–
–
–240
Tax on currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
–2
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Hedging of net investments in foreign 
operations:
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
67
–
–
–
–
–
67
–
–
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the 
year
–
–
–19
–
–
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–19
Fair value through other comprehensive 
income:
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the 
year
–
–
–
–
11
–
–
–
11
–
–
11
Transferred to the income ­statement 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–10
Tax on transfers to the income statement 
during the year
–
–
–
–
2
–
–
–
2
–
–
2
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
720
–
–
–
–
720
–
–
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the 
year
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–159
Transferred to the income ­statement 
during the year4 
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–676
Tax on transfers to the income ­statement 
during the year4
–
–
–
149
–
–
–
–
149
–
–
149

--- Page 356 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
90
Annual Report 2018
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity 
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value option:
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
–
20
–
–
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the 
year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–4
–
–
–4
Transfer due to derecognition during the 
year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Defined benefit plans:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined ­benefit 
plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
36
–
–
36
–
–
36
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
0
–326
–
–
–326
Total comprehensive income 
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
3,070
2,744
7
4
2,755
Paid interest on additional Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–7
–
–7
Dividend for 2017
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,747
–2,747
–
–
–2,747
Purchase of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–6
–
–
–6
Change in non-controlling interests3
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–166
–166
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
1)	 Total shares registered were 4,050 million.		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2)	Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in Denmark.  
The number of own shares were 15. 2 million.  The total holding of own shares related to LTIP were 9. 6 million.		
3)	Of which EUR -172m refers to the sale of Nordea Liv & Pension, Livforsikringsselskab A/S in Denmark.		
	
	
	
	
4)	The transfer is due to that the hedged item is affecting the income statement.		
	
	
	
	
	
	
5)	Due to the implementation of IFRS 9 the Available for sale (AFS) category does no longer exist and the assets are instead classified as Fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI).  Hence, the opening balance 2018 for the FVOCI-reserve is the closing balance 2017 for the AFS-reserve.		 	
	
	
6)	Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Of the balance per 31 December 2018, EUR 568m relates to hedging relationship for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR -m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.  	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
7)	For more detailed information see Note G18.		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Statement of changes in equity, Nordea Group, cont.

--- Page 357 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
91
Annual Report 2018
2017
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank AB (publ)
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations5
Cash 
flow 
hedges6
Available 
for sale 
investments
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,350
37
80
210
28,302
32,409
–
1
32,410
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,031
3,031
–
17
3,048
Items that may be reclassified subsequently  
to the income statement
Currency translation differences during the year
–
–
–511
–
–
–
–
–511
–
–
–511
Tax on currency translation differences during the 
year
–
–
3
–
–
–
–
3
–
–
3
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
175
–
–
–
–
175
–
–
175
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
–37
–
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–37
Available for sale investments:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
–
–
31
–
–
31
–
–
31
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
–
–
–8
–
–
–8
–
–
–8
Transferred to the income ­statement during the year
–
–
–
–
0
–
–
0
–
–
0
Tax on transfers to the income statement during 
the year
–
–
–
–
0
–
–
0
–
–
0
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
–
43
–
–
–
43
–
–
43
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–19
Transferred to the income ­statement during the year4 
–
–
–
–150
–
–
–
–150
–
–
–150
Tax on transfers to the income ­statement during the 
year4
–
–
–
43
–
–
–
43
–
–
43
Statement of changes in equity, Nordea Group, cont.

--- Page 358 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
92
Annual Report 2018
2017
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank AB (publ)
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations5
Cash 
flow 
hedges6
Available 
for sale 
investments
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Defined benefit plans:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–115
–
–115
–
–
–115
Tax on remeasurement of defined ­benefit 
plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
25
–
25
–
–
25
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–
–
–370
–83
23
–90
–
–520
–
–
–520
Total comprehensive income 
–
–
–370
–83
23
–90
3,031
2,511
–
17
2,528
Issuance of additional Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–6
750
–
744
Dividend for 2016
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,625
–2,625
–
–
–2,625
Purchase of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–12
–12
–
–
–12
Change in non-controlling interests3
–
–
–
–
–
–
121
121
–
150
271
Balance at 31 Dec 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
103
120
28,811
32,398
750
168
33,316
1)	 Total shares registered were 4,050 million.
2)	Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme, trading portfolio and Nordea’s shares within portfolio schemes in Denmark.  
The number of own shares were 13. 7 million.  The total holdings of own shares related to LTIP were 10. 2 million.
3)	Refers to the sale of 25% of Nordea Liv & Pension, Livforsikringsselskab A/S in Denmark.
4)	The transfer is due to that the hedged item is affecting the income statement.  
5)	Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Of the balance per 31 December 2017, EUR 521m relates to hedging relationship for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR -m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.
6)	For more detailed information see Note G18.
Statement of changes in equity, Nordea Group, cont.

--- Page 359 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
93
Annual Report 2018
Cash flow statement
EURm
2018
2017
Operating activities
Operating profit
3,953
3,998
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow
1,238
3,514
Income taxes paid
–1,024
–950
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
4,167
6,562
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to central banks
–2,052
–190
Change in loans to credit institutions
–1,463
136
Change in loans to the public
–2,884
7,541
Change in interest-bearing securities
–90
4,305
Change in financial assets pledged as collateral
237
–2,915
Change in shares
4,984
–5,801
Change in derivatives, net
4,687
–4,816
Change in investment properties
–218
–171
Change in other assets
–1,672
2,890
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
–622
9,432
Change in deposits and borrowings from the public
–5,461
–1,681
Change in liabilities to policyholders
–1,531
2,163
Change in debt securities in issue
12,856
–8,373
Change in other liabilities
–8,307
3,201
Cash flow from operating activities
2,631
12,274
Investing activities
Sale of business operations
646
228
Investment in associated undertakings and joint ventures
–81
–957
Sale of associated undertakings 
90
20
Acquisition of property and equipment
–32
–129
Sale of property and equipment
14
11
Acquisition of intangible assets
–608
–685
Sale of intangible assets
–
42
Net divestment in debt securities, held to maturity
–
–8
Purchase/sale of other financial fixed assets
–
–21
Cash flow from investing activities
29
–1,499
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
641
–
Issued Additional Tier 1 capital 
–
750
Paid interest on additional Tier 1 capital
–7
–
Amortised subordinated liabilities
–669
–750
Divestment/repurchase of own shares incl change in trading portfolio
–6
–12
Dividend paid
–2,747
–2,625
Cash flow from financing activities
–2,788
–2,637
Cash flow for the year 
–128
8,138
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year
46,213
41,860
Translation difference
–76
–3,785
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
46,009
46,213
Change     
–128
8,138

--- Page 360 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
94
Annual Report 2018
Comments on the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash 
and cash equivalents during the year for total operations.  
Nordea's cash flow has been prepared in accordance with the 
indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for 
effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation and 
loan losses.  The cash flows are classified by operating, invest-
ing and financing activities.	
Operating activities
Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing 
activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operat-
ing profit for the year with adjustment for items not included 
in cash flow and income taxes paid.  Adjustment for items not 
included in cash flow includes:	
EURm
2018
2017
Depreciation
Impairment charges
307
236
Loan losses
175
5
Unrealised gains/losses
217
422
Capital gains/losses (net)
–401
–47
Change in accruals and provisions
994
–182
Translation differences
–94
–625
Change in bonus potential to policyholders, Life
–447
58
Change in technical reserves, Life
–20
2,056
Change in fair value on the hedge items,  
assets/liabilities (net)
–144
–957
Other
412
134
Total
1,238
3,514
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets 
and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such 
as loans, deposits and debt securities in issue.  Changes in 
derivatives are reported net.	
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest pay-
ments received and interest expenses paid with the following 
amounts:	
EURm
2018
2017
Interest payments received
7,412
7,748
Interest expenses paid
–3,138
–3,475
	
	
Investing activities
Investing activities include acquisitions and disposals of non-
current assets, like property and equipment, intangible and 
financial assets.  	
Financing activities
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in 
equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of 
shares, dividends and issued/amortised subordinated  
liabilities.	
Cash and cash equivalents
The following items are included in Cash and cash 
equivalents: 
EURm
 31 Dec 2018
 31 Dec 2017
Cash and balances with ­central banks
41,578
43,081
Loans to central banks, payable on demand
2,759
2,004
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand
1,672
779
Assets held for sale
–
349
Total
46,009
46,213
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign curren-
cies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts 
with central banks and postal giro systems under government 
authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled;	
•	 the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institution is established 	
•	 the balance on the account is readily available at any time.	
	
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid 
assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing 
securities.  Loans to central banks, payable on demand 
includes instruments where Nordea has the right to resell 
immediately.	
Reconciliation of liabilities arising 
from financing activities
The opening balance of subordinated liabilities was EUR 
10,459m.  During the period cash flows related to bonds were 
EUR –750m and the effects of FX changes and other was EUR 
–722m ending up in a closing balance of EUR 8,987m.  
Cash flow statement, Nordea Group, cont.

--- Page 361 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
95
Annual Report 2018
Glossary
Allowances in relation to credit impaired loans (stage 3) 
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by impaired 
loans measured at amortised cost (stage 3) before 
allowances.
Allowances in relation to loans in stage 1 and 2 
Allowances for not impaired loans (stage 1 and 2) divided by 
not impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stage 1 and 
2) before allowances.
Basic earnings per share 
Net profit for the year divided by the weighted average num-
ber of outstanding shares, non-controlling interests excluded.
Cost/income ratio 
Total operating expenses divided by total operating income.
Diluted earnings per share 
Net profit for the year divided by the weighted average num-
ber of outstanding shares after full dilution, non-controlling 
interests excluded.
Economic capital (EC) 
Economic Capital is Nordea’s interal estimate of required cap-
ital and measures the capital required to cover unexpected 
losses in the course of its business with a certain probability.  
EC uses advanced internal models to provide a consistent 
measurement for Credit Risk, Market Risk, Operational Risk, 
Business risk and Life Insurance Risk arising from activities in 
Nordea’s various business areas.
The aggregation of risks across the group gives rise to 
diversification effects resulting from the differences in risk 
drivers and the improbability that unexpected losses occur 
simultaneously.
Equity per share 
Equity as shown on the balance sheet after full dilution and 
non-controlling interests excluded divided by the number of 
shares after full dilution.
Impairment rate (Stage 3), gross 
Impaired loans (Stage 3) before allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Impairment rate (Stage 3), net 
Impaired loans (Stage 3) after allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Loan loss ratio 
Net loan losses (annualised) divided by closing balance of 
loans to the public (lending) measured at amortised cost.
Non-servicing, not impaired 
Past due loans, not impaired due to future cash flows (includ-
ed in Loans, not impaired).
Own funds 
Own funds include the sum of the Tier 1 capital and the sup-
plementary capital consisting of subordinated loans, after 
deduction of the carrying amount of the shares in wholly 
owned insurance companies and the potential deduction for 
expected shortfall.
Price to Book 
Nordea’s stock market value relative to its book value of total 
equity.
Return on equity 
Net profit for the year as a percentage of average equity for 
the year.  Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in equity, is in 
the calculation considered as being classified as a financial 
liability.  Net profit for ther period excludes non-controlling 
interests and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued).  Average equity including net 
profit for the year and dividend until paid, ­and excludes non-
controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 capital.
Return on assets 
Net profit for the year as a percentage of total assets at end 
of the year.
Risk exposure amount 
Total assets and off-balance-sheet items valued on the basis 
of the credit and market risks, as well as operational risks of 
the Group’s undertakings, in accordance with regulations 
governing capital adequacy, excluding assets in insurance 
companies, carrying amount of shares which have been 
deducted from the capital base and intangible assets.
ROCAR, % (Return on capital at risk) 
Net profit excluding items affecting comparability, in percent-
age of Economic Capital.  For Business areas it is defined as 
Operating profit after standard tax in percentage of Economic 
capital.
Tier 1 capital 
The Tier 1 capital of an institution consists of the sum of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital of 
the institution.  Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes consoli-
dated shareholders´ equity excluding investments in insur-
ance companies, proposed dividend, deferred tax assets, 
intangible assets in the banking operations, the full expected 
shortfall deduction (the negative difference between expect-
ed losses and provisions) and finally other deductions such as 
cash flow hedges.  
Tier 1 capital ratio 
Tier 1 capital as a percentage of risk exposure amount.  The 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio is calculated as Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of risk exposure amount.
Total allowance rate (Stage 1, 2 and 3)
Total allowances divided by total loans measured at amor-
tised cost before allowances.
Total allowances in relation to impaired loans 
(provisioning ratio) 
Total allowances divided by impaired loans before allowances.
Total capital ratio 
Own funds as a percentage of risk exposure amount.
Total shareholders return (TSR) 
Total shareholders return measured as growth in the value of 
a shareholding during the year, assuming the dividends are 
reinvested at the time of the payment to purchase additional 
shares.

--- Page 362 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
96
Annual Report 2018
 Content for Note G1
1.	
Basis for presentation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 96
2.	
Changed accounting policies and presentation .  .  .  . 96
3.	
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  100
4.	
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty  . .  . 101
5.	
Principles of consolidation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103
6.	
Recognition of operating income and 
impairment . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  104
7.	
Income recognition life insurance  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  106
8.	
Recognition and derecognition of financial  
instruments on the balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  106
9.	
Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 107
10.	
Hedge accounting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 107
11.	
Determination of fair value of financial  
instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  108
12.	
Cash and balances with central banks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  109
13.	
Financial instruments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  109
14.	
Loans to the public/credit institutions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 111
15.	
Leasing .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  113
16.	
Intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  113
17.	
Properties and equipment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  114
18.	
Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  114
19.	
Liabilities to policyholders .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  114
20.	
Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and 
unit-linkedinvestment contracts .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  115
21.	
Taxes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  116
22.	
Earnings per share . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  116
23.	
Employee benefits . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  116
24.	
Equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  117
25.	
Financial guarantee contracts and 
credit commitments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  117
26.	
Share-based payment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  117
27.	
Related party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  118
28.	
Presentation of disposal groups held for sale  .  .  .  .  .  118
29.	
Exchange rates .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  118
1. Basis for presentation
Nordea’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission.  In addition, cer-
tain complementary rules in the Finnish Accounting Act, the 
Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decision of 
the Ministry of Finance on the financial statements and con-
solidated statements of credit institutions have also been 
applied.
The disclosures, required in the standards, recommenda-
tions and legislation above, have been included in the notes, 
the Risk, Liquidity and Capital management section or in 
other parts of the “Financial statements”.
On 21 February 2019 the Board of Directors approved the 
financial statements, subject to final approval of the Annual 
General Meeting on 28 March 2019.  
The accounting policies, basis for calculations and presen-
tations are unchanged in comparison with the Annual Report 
2017, except from changed accounting policies and presenta-
tion described below in the section “Changed accounting poli-
cies and presentation”. The comparable figures for 2017 are 
presented in accordance with IAS 39, for more information see 
Note G1 in the Annual Report 2017, mainly within section 13.
2. Changed accounting policies and presentation
The new accounting requirements implemented during 2018 
and their impact on Nordea’s financial statements are 
described below.
IFRS 9 ”Financial instruments”
The new standard IFRS 9 “Financial instruments” covers clas-
sification and measurement, impairment and general hedge 
accounting and replaces the earlier requirements covering 
these areas in IAS 39.  The classification, measurement and 
impairment requirements in IFRS 9 were implemented by 
Nordea as from 1 January 2018.  Nordea has elected, as a poli-
cy choice permitted under IFRS 9, to continue to apply hedge 
accounting in accordance with the carve out version of IAS 39 
(see further description in section 10).
The total negative impact on equity from IFRS 9 amounts 
to EUR 183m after tax and was recognised as an opening bal-
ance adjustment 1 January 2018.  For more information about 
the IFRS 9 transition impact on 1 January 2018, see below.  
Nordea has not restated the comparative figures for 2017.
Classification and measurement
The classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9 
state that financial assets should be classified as, and mea-
sured at, amortised cost, fair value through profit and loss or 
fair value through other comprehensive income.  The classifi-
cation of a financial instrument is dependent on the business 
model for the portfolio where the instrument is included and 
on whether the cash flows are solely payments of principal 
and interest (SPPI).
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective.  To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account.  When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio Nordea has ana-
lysed the objective with the financial assets as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
Nordea has analysed whether the cash flows from the 
financial assets held per 31 December 2017 are SPPI compli-
ant.  This has been performed by grouping contracts which 
are homogenous from a cash flow perspective and conclu-
sions have been drawn for all contracts within that group.  For 
contacts signed after 1 January 2018 only restructured con-
tracts are allowed to have SPPI non-compliant features and 
for restructured contracts the SPPI analysis is performed for 
each contact separately.
Impairment
The impairment requirements in IFRS 9 are based on an 
expected loss model as opposed to the current incurred loss 
model in IAS 39.  The scope of IFRS 9 impairment require-
ments is also broader than in IAS 39.  IFRS 9 requires all assets 
measured at amortised cost and fair value through other 
comprehensive income, as well as off-balance commitments 
including guarantees and loan commitments, to be included 
in the impairment test.  Under IAS 39 Nordea did not calculate 
collective provisions for off balance sheet exposures or the 
financial instruments classified into the measurement catego-
ry Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  
G1.  Accounting policies

--- Page 363 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
97
Annual Report 2018
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
The new classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9 have resulted in the 
following classification of assets and liabilities at transition per 1 January 2018: 
Classification of assets and liabilities under IFRS 9
Assets
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income 
(FVOCI)
Non-finan-
cial assets 
and associ-
ated under-
takings/joint 
ventures
Assets 
held for 
sale
1 Jan 2018, EURm
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value 
through 
profit or loss 
(Fair value 
option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks
43,081
–
–
–
–
–
–
43,081
Loans 
246,966
76,427
–
–
–
–
–
323,393
Interest-bearing securities
3,093
28,027
7,832
–
36,342
–
–
75,294
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
–
6,489
–
–
–
–
–
6,489
Shares
–
17,180
–
–
–
–
–
17,180
Assets under pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
25,229
499
–
–
151
–
25,879
Derivatives
–
44,415
–
1,696
–
–
–
46,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
163
–
–
–
–
–
–
163
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
1,207
–
1,207
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
3,983
–
3,983
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
624
–
624
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,448
–
1,448
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
159
–
159
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
121
–
121
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
250
–
250
Other assets
1,523
10,272
–
–
–
646
–
12,441
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
999
–
–
–
–
464
–
1,463
Assets held for sale
–
–
–
–
–
–
22,186
22,186
Total assets
295,825
208,039
8,331
1,696
36,342
9,053
22,186
581,472
Liabilities
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
1 Jan 2018, EURm
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value 
through 
profit or loss 
(Fair value 
option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Non-finan-
cial liabilities
Liablities 
held for 
sale
Total
Deposit by credit institutions
34,078
5,905
–
–
–
–
39,983
Deposits and borrowings from the public
163,330
9,075
29
–
–
–
172,434
Deposits in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts  
–
–
26,333
–
–
–
26,333
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,486
–
15,926
–
19,412
Debt securities in issue
122,511
–
56,603
–
–
–
179,114
Derivatives
–
41,607
–
1,106
–
–
42,713
Fair value  changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,450
–
–
–
–
–
1,450
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
389
–
389
Other liabilities
2,883
24,421
–
–
1,261
–
28,515
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
246
–
–
–
1,357
–
1,603
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
717
–
717
Provisions
–
–
–
–
377
–
377
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
281
–
281
Subordinated liabilities
8,987
–
–
–
–
–
8,987
Liabilities held for sale
–
–
–
–
–
26,031
26,031
Total liabilities
333,435
81,008
86,451
1,106
20,308
26,031
548,339

--- Page 364 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
98
Annual Report 2018
The new classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9 have resulted in the following 
reclassification and remeasurement of assets and liabilities at transition per 1 January 2018: 
Reclassification of assets and liabilities at transition
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Assets, EURm
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (Fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income 
(FVOCI)
Non-finan-
cial assets 
and associ-
ated under-
takings/
joint ven-
tures
Assets held 
for sale
Total
Balance at 31 Dec 2017 under IAS 39
295,639
118,240
98,469
1,696
36,342
9,040
22,186
581,612
Required reclassification from Fair value 
option to AC1
234
–
–234
–
–
–
–
–
Required reclassification from Fair value 
option to FVPL mandatorily2
–
89,904
–89,904
–
–
–
–
–
Required reclassification from AC to FVPL 
mandatorily1
–23
23
–
–
–
–
–
–
Reclassification of provisions on loans  
held at fair value
128
–128
–
–
–
–
–
–
Impact from companies accounted for 
under the equity method
–
–
–
–
–
–28
–
–28
Remeasurement3
–153
–
–
–
–
41
–
–112
Balance at 1 Jan 2018 under IFRS 9
259,825
208,039
8,331
1,696
36,342
9,053
22,186
581,472
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Liabilities, EURm
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (Fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Non- 
financial 
liabilities
Liabilities 
held for 
sale
Total
Balance at 31 Dec 2017 under IAS 39
333,435
81,008
86,451
1,106
20,265
26,031
548,296
Remeasurement under IFRS 94
–
–
–
–
43
–
43
Balance at 1 Jan 2018 under IFRS 9
333,435
81,008
86,451
1,106
20,308
26,031
548,339
1)	 The reclassification relates to Loans and is required by the classification criteria in IFRS 9.  These loans were reclassified to amortised cost as the business model for 
these loans under IFRS 9 is to hold them and collect contractual cash flows.  Under IAS 39 these loans were designated at fair value through profit or loss as they 
were considered to be part of Markets’ portfolio of assets and liabilities which were managed on a fair value basis.  The fair value of these loans 31 December 2018 
does not significantly differ from the carrying amount at the same date which was EUR 91m.  The changes in fair value of these loans during 2018 was EUR 143m 
and the effective interest rate 1 January 2018 was in the range 0. 36%–3. 56%.  The interest income from these loans during 2018 amounts to EUR 2m and was pre-
sented in the income statement on the row Net results from items at fair value in the income statement.
2)	Interest-bearing securities of EUR 202m, shares of EUR 11,926m, loans of EUR 52,547m and assets in pooled schemes of  EUR 25,229m have been reclassified from 
Fair value option to Fair value through profit and loss, mandatorily.  The reason for this reclassification of interest-bearing securities, shares and loans is that these 
assets have cash flows that were not solely payments of principle and interest and therefore based on classification criteria mandatorily should be measured at fair 
value through profit or loss.  The reason for the reclassification of the pooled schemes was that these assets are managed on a fair value basis and therefore based 
on the classification criteria mandatorily should be measured at fair value through profit or loss.
3)	Amortised cost (AC) consists of remeasurement of collective and individual provisions of EUR 153m and FVOCI consist of new provisions of EUR 2m and an equal 
but opposite fair value measurement.  Non financial assets consist of an increase of deferred tax assets of EUR 41m.
4)  Increase in provision for off-balance sheet items of EUR 48m and decrease of deferred tax liability of EUR 5m.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 365 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
99
Annual Report 2018
The assets to test for impairment are divided into three 
groups depending on the stage of credit deterioration.  Stage 
1 includes assets where there has been no significant increase 
in credit risk, stage 2 includes assets where there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk and stage 3 includes default-
ed assets.  Significant assets in stage 3 will have individually 
calculated provisions, while for insignificant assets the 
assessment is based on a statistical model.  In stage 1, the pro-
visions equal the 12 months expected loss.  In stage 2 and 3, 
the provisions equal the lifetime expected losses.
One important driver for size of provisions under IFRS 9 is 
the trigger for transferring an asset from stage 1 to stage 2.  
For assets held at transition, Nordea has decided to use the 
change in internal rating and scoring data to determine 
whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk or 
not.  For assets recognised after transition, changes to the life-
time Probability of Default (PD) are used as the trigger.  
Nordea has concluded it is not possible to calculate the life-
time PDs at origination without the use of hindsight for assets 
already recognised on the balance sheet at transition.  For 
assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea has decided 
to use a mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the 
transfer criterion.  In addition, customers with forbearance 
measures and customers with payments more than thirty 
days past due are also transferred to stage 2.
Nordea’s model for calculating collective provisions under 
IAS 39 defined a loss event as one notch deterioration in rat-
ing/scoring, while the triggering event for moving items from 
stage 1 to stage 2 under IFRS 9 requires several notches dete-
rioration.  The provisions under IFRS 9 are calculated as the 
exposure at default times the probability of default times the 
loss given default.  For assets in stage 1 this calculation is only 
based on the coming 12 months, while it for assets in stage 2 
is based on the expected lifetime of the asset.
For assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk, Nordea earlier, under IAS 39, held provisions based 
on the losses estimated to occur during the period between 
the date when the loss event occurred and the date when the 
loss event is identified on an individual basis, the so called 
“Emergence period”, while IFRS 9 requires provisions equal to 
the lifetime expected loss.  
When calculating expected losses under IFRS 9, including 
the staging assessment, the calculation is based on probabil-
ity weighted forward looking information.  Nordea has decid-
ed to apply three macro-economic scenarios to address the 
non-linearity in expected credit losses.  The different scenarios 
are used to adjust the relevant parameters for calculating 
expected losses and a probability weighted average of the 
expected losses under each scenario is recognised as a 
provision.
The quantitative impact from the new impairment require-
ments on total allowances and provisions for on- and off-bal-
ance exposures, including debt instruments accounted for at 
fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), was 
an increase of EUR 203m.  Equity was reduced by EUR 183m 
including the expected impact from companies accounted for 
under the equity method.  The impact on the Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital ratio, after adjustment of the shortfall deduction 
and before transition rules, was insignificant.  Nordea has not 
applied the transitional rules issued by the EU allowing a 
phase in of the impact on common equity tier-1 capital.  There 
was no material impact to large exposures.  The impact on 
provisions is disclosed in the table below.
Impairment calculations under IFRS 9 requires more expe-
rienced credit judgement by the reporting entities than was 
required by IAS 39 and a higher subjectivity is thus intro-
duced.  The inclusion of forward looking information adds 
complexity and makes provisions more dependent on man-
agement’s view of the future economic outlook.  It is expected 
that the impairment calculations under IFRS 9 will be more 
volatile and pro-cyclical than under IAS 39, mainly due to the 
significant subjectivity applied in the forward-looking 
scenarios.  
Hedge accounting
The main change to the general hedge accounting require-
ments is that the standard aligns hedge accounting more 
closely with the risk management activities.  Nordea has 
elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 9, to contin-
ue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with the carve 
out version of IAS 39 (see further description in section 10).  If 
Nordea instead had elected to apply the new hedge account-
ing requirement in IFRS 9 that would not have resulted in any 
significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, large exposures, risk management or alternative 
performance measures.  The reason is that Nordea generally 
uses macro (portfolio) hedge accounting.
IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
The new standard IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Cus-
tomers” outlines a single comprehensive model of accounting 
for revenue arising from contracts with customers and super-
sedes earlier revenue recognition standards and interpreta-
tions within IFRS, such as IAS 18 “Revenue”. The standard 
does not apply to financial instruments, insurance contracts 
or lease contracts.  
The standard was implemented by Nordea as from 1 Janu-
ary 2018 using the modified retrospective approach, meaning 
that the cumulative effect of the change was recognised as 
an adjustment to equity in the opening balance 2018.  Compa-
rable figures for 2017 are not restated.  
The new standard had an impact on Nordea’s accounting 
policies for loan origination fees, as such fees are amortised 
as part of the effective interest of the loans to a larger extent 
than before.  The total negative impact on equity from IFRS 15 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
Reclassification of provisions at transition
EURm
Held to 
maturity
Loans and 
receivables
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Available 
for sale
Fair value through 
other comprehen-
sive income 
(FVOCI)
Off-balance
Total
Balance at 31 Dec 2017 under IAS 39
–
2,333
–
–
–
91
2,424
Reclassification to AC
–
–2,156
2,156
–
–
–
0
Reclassification to FVPL
–
–177
–
–
–
–
–177
Remasurement under IFRS 9, collective provisions
–
–
143
–
2
48
193
Remasurement under IFRS 9, individual provisions
–
–
10
–
–
–
10
Balance at 1 Jan 2018 under IFRS 9
–
–
2,309
–
2
139
2,450

--- Page 366 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
100
Annual Report 2018
amounts to EUR 61m after tax and was recognised as an 
opening balance adjustment 1 January 2018.  
IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”
As a result of IFRS 9, IASB have amended IAS 1 “Presentation 
of Financial Statements”. These amendments were imple-
mented by Nordea as from 1 January 2018.  
As a result of the amendments in IAS 1, Nordea presents 
interest income on two rows in the income statement, Interest 
income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
and Other interest income.  On the row Interest income calcu-
lated using the effective interest method, Nordea presents 
interest income from financial assets measured at amortised 
cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
This line item also includes the net paid or received interest 
on hedging instruments relating to these assets.  All other 
interest income is presented on the income statement row 
Other interest income.  The comparative figures for 2017 have 
been restated.
Other amended requirements
The following new and amended standards and interpreta-
tions were implemented by Nordea 1 January 2018 but have 
not had any significant impact on the financial statements of 
Nordea:
•	 Amendments to IFRS 4: Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instru-
ments with 
•	 IFRS 4 Insurance contracts
•	 Amendments to IFRS 2: Classification and Measurement of 
Share based Payment Transactions
•	 Amendments to IAS 40: Transfers of Investment Property
•	 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014-2016 Cycle
As from 1 October 2018 Nordea is applying certain rules in the 
Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the 
Financial Supervision Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines 
and the Decision of the Ministry of Finance on the financial 
statements and consolidated statements of credit institutions.  
Earlier Nordea applied certain complementary rules in the 
Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and 
Securities Companies (1995:1559), the accounting regulations 
of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (FFFS 2008:25 
including amendments) and the Supplementary Accounting 
Rules for Groups (RFR 1) from the Swedish Financial Report-
ing Board.   These changes have not had any significant 
impact on Nordea’s financial statements.
3. Changes in IFRSs not yet applied 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture”
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 
28 regarding sales and contributions of assets between an 
investor and its associated undertaking or joint venture due to 
inconsistent treatment of gains and losses of such transac-
tions in those standards.  The IASB has thereafter proposed to 
defer indefinitely the effective date and permit earlier appli-
cation.  The amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU-
commission.  Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt 
the amendments.  The new requirements are not expected to 
have any impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion as the new requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies.  
IFRS 16 “Leases” 
The IASB has published the new standard, IFRS 16 “Leases”. 
The new standard changes the accounting requirements for 
lessees.  All leases (except for short term- and small ticket 
leases) should be accounted for on the balance sheet of the 
lessee as a right to use the asset and a corresponding liability, 
and the lease payments should be recognised as amortisation 
and interest expense.  The accounting requirements for lessors 
are unchanged.  Additional disclosures are also required.  The 
new standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2019 and earlier application is permitted.  The 
standard was endorsed by the EU-commission in 2017. 
The main impact on Nordea’s financial statements will 
come from the accounting of property leases.  Such leasing 
contracts will be accounted for on the balance sheet to a larg-
er extent than today.  The right of use asset, presented as 
“Properties and equipment” on the balance sheet, will 
amount to EUR 1. 5bn.  The increase of total assets will be EUR 
1. 2bn considering also a reclassification of already existing 
prepaid lease expenses.  There is no significant impact on the 
income statement or equity, although the presentation will 
change in the income statement.  The impact on the CET1 
ratio is negative by 12 basis points following an increase in 
REA.  See note G49 “IFRS 16” for more information on the 
impact from IFRS 16.
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
contracts”. The new standard will change the accounting 
requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation and 
disclosure of insurance contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-uni-
form accounting policy based on the local accounting policies 
in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform accounting poli-
cy based on the three measurement models Building Block 
Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach (VFA) and Premium 
Allocation Approach (PAA).  The model application depends 
on the terms of the contracts (long term, long term with vari-
able fee or short term).  The three measurement models 
include consistent definitions of the contractual cash-flows, 
risk adjustment margin and discounting.  These definitions are 
based on the similar principles as the measurement principles 
for technical provisions in the Solvency II capital requirement 
directives.  Unearned future premiums will be recognised as a 
provision on the balance sheet and released to revenue when 
the insurance service is provided.  Any unprofitable contracts 
will be recognized in the income statement at the time when 
the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for annual report period beginning on 
or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application permitted.  
However, due to comments from the global insurance indus-
try the IASB board has proposed to amend IFRS 17 including 
a one-year deferral of IFRS 17 effective date to 1 January 
2022.  The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU-commis-
sion.  Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt the 
standard.  Nordea’s current assessment is that the new stan-
dard will not have any significant impact on Nordea’s capital 
adequacy or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion.  It is not yet possible to conclude on the impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements.
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended stan-
dards that are assessed to have no significant impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application:
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 367 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
101
Annual Report 2018
•	 Amendments to IFRS 9: Prepayment Features with Nega-
tive Compensation
•	 Amendments to IAS 19: Plan Amendments, Curtailment or 
Settlement
•	 Amendments to IAS 28: Long-term Interest in Associates 
and Joint Ventures
•	 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015-2017 Cycle
•	 Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework 
in IFRS Standards
•	 Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business
•	 Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of Material
4. Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles requires, in some 
cases, the use of judgements and estimates by management.  
Actual outcome can later, to some extent, differ from the esti-
mates and the assumptions made.  In this section a descrip-
tion is made of:
•	 the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting
•	 period, that have a significant risk of resulting in a material 
adjustment to 	 the carrying amount of assets and liabili-
ties within the next financial  year, and 
•	 the judgements made when applying accounting policies 
(apart from  those involving estimations) that have the 
most significant impact on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements.  
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular  
associated with:
•	 the fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
•	 the impairment testing of:
-- 	goodwill and
-- 	loans to the public/credit institutions
•	 the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
•	 the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees
•	 the actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
•	 the valuation of investment properties
•	 the classification of leases
•	 the classification of additional tier 1 instruments 
•	 assessing control for consolidation purposes
•	 the translations of assets and liabilities denominated in for-
eign currencies
•	 the valuation of deferred tax assets
•	 claims in civil lawsuits.
Fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
Nordea’s accounting policy for determining the fair value of 
financial instruments is described in section 11 “Determination 
of fair value of financial instruments” and Note G40 “Assets 
and liabilities at fair value”. Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for financial 
instruments are exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack quoted 
prices or recently observed market prices.  Those judgements 
relate to the following areas:
•	 The choice of valuation techniques.
•	 The determination of when quoted prices fail to represent 
fair value (including the judgement of whether markets are 
active).
•	 The construction of fair value adjustments in order to 
incorporate  relevant risk factors such as credit risk, model 
risk and liquidity risk.
•	 The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable.
The critical judgements required when determining fair value 
of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or recently 
observed market prices also introduce a high degree of esti-
mation uncertainty.  
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon profes-
sional judgement in accordance with Nordea’s accounting 
and valuation policies.  The fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value using a valuation technique, 
level 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, was EUR 178,960m 
(EUR 189,157m) and EUR 136,412m (EUR 141,819m) respec-
tively at the end of the year.
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs 
can be found in Note G40 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
Estimation uncertainty also arises at initial recognition of 
financial instruments that are part of larger structural trans-
actions.  Although subsequently not necessarily held at fair 
value such instruments are initially recognised at fair value 
and as there is normally no separate transaction price or 
active market for such individual instruments the fair value 
has to be estimated.  
Impairment testing of goodwill
Nordea’s accounting policy for goodwill is described in sec-
tion 16 “Intangible assets” and Note G20 “Intangible assets” 
lists the cash generating units to which goodwill has been 
allocated.  Nordea’s total goodwill amounted to EUR 1,816m 
(EUR 1,994m) at the end of the year.
The estimation of future cash flows and the calculation of 
the rate used to discount those cash flows are subject to esti-
mation uncertainty.  The forecast of future cash flows is sensi-
tive to the cash flow projections for the near future (generally 
3-5 years) and to the estimated sector growth rate for the 
period beyond 3-5 years.  The growth rates are based on his-
torical data, updated to reflect the current situation, which 
implies estimation uncertainty.
The rates used to discount future expected cash flows are 
based on the long-term risk-free interest rate plus a risk pre-
mium (post tax).  The risk premium is based on external infor-
mation of overall risk premiums in relevant countries.
For information on the sensitivity to changes in relevant 
parameters, see Note G20 “Intangible assets”.
Impairment testing of loans to the public/credit institutions
Nordea’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans is 
described in section 14 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions”.
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment allowances.  
Nordea’s total lending before impairment allowances was 
EUR 329,306m (EUR 325,879m) at the end of the year.  For 
more information, see Note G13 “Loans and impairment”.
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be received 
from the customers under different scenarios, including the 
valuation of any collateral received.  Judgement is also 
applied when assigning the likelihood of the different scenar-
ios occurring.
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk.  If this is the 
case, the provision should reflect the lifetime expected losses, 
as opposed to a 12-month expected loss for exposures not 
having increased significantly in credit risk.  Judgement is also 
exercised in the choice of modelling approaches covering 
other parameters used when calculating the expected losses, 
such as the expected lifetime used in stage 2, as well as in the 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 368 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
102
Annual Report 2018
assessment of whether the parameters based on historical 
experience are relevant for estimating future losses.
The statistical models used to calculate provisions are 
based on macro-economic scenarios, which requires manage-
ment to exercise judgement when identifying such scenarios 
and when assigning the likelihood of the different scenarios 
occurring.  Judgement is also exercised in the assessment of 
to what extent the parameters for the different scenarios, 
based on historical experience, are relevant for estimating 
future losses.
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
Nordea’s accounting policies for cash flow hedges are 
described in section 10 “Hedge accounting”.
One important judgement in connection to cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for effective-
ness testing.
Where Nordea applies cash flow hedge accounting the 
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value.  The 
currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of interest rate risk.  The hypothetical derivative meth-
od is used when measuring the effectiveness of these cash 
flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect hypotheti-
cal swap is used as proxy for the present value of the cumula-
tive change in expected future cash flows on the hedged 
transaction (the currency component).  Critical judgement has 
to be exercised when defining the characteristics of the per-
fect hypothetical swap.
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities 
and plan assets related to employees
Nordea’s accounting policy for post-employment benefits is 
described in section 23 “Employee benefits”. 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans is 
calculated by external actuaries using demographic assump-
tions based on the current population.  As a basis for these 
calculations a number of actuarial and financial parameters 
are used.
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to uncertainty 
around whether corporate bond markets are deep enough, of 
high quality and also in connection to the extrapolation of 
yield curves to relevant maturities.  In Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark the discount rate is determined with reference to 
covered bonds and in Finland with reference to corporate 
bonds.  Other parameters, like assumptions about salary 
increases and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to estima-
tion uncertainty.  The main parameters used at year-end are 
disclosed in Note G32 “Retirement benefit obligations” 
together with a description of the sensitivity to changes in 
assumptions.  The defined benefit obligation was EUR 3,494m 
(EUR 3,454m) at the end of the year.
Actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
Nordea’s accounting policy for insurance contracts is 
described in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
A valuation of insurance liabilities includes estimations and 
assumptions, both financial and actuarial.  One of the impor-
tant financial assumptions is the interest rate used for dis-
counting future cash flows.  Important actuarial assumptions 
are those on mortality and disability, which affect the size and 
timing of the future cash flows.  The financial and actuarial 
assumptions are, to a large extent, stipulated in local legisla-
tion and therefore not under Nordea’s discretion.  Also, 
assumptions about future administrative and tax expenses 
have an impact on the calculation of policyholder liabilities.
The insurance liability was EUR 15,001m (EUR 15,931m) at 
the end of the year.  The carrying amount’s sensitivity to differ-
ent assumptions is disclosed in Note G27 “Liabilities to 
policyholders”. 
Valuation of investment properties
Nordea’s accounting policies for investment properties are 
described in section 18 “Investment properties”.
Investment properties are measured at fair value.  As there 
normally are no active markets for investment properties, the 
fair values are estimated based on discounted cash flow mod-
els.  These models are based on assumptions on future rents, 
vacancy levels, operating and maintenance costs, yield 
requirements and interest rates.
The carrying amounts of investment properties were EUR 
1,607m (EUR 1,448m) at the end of the year.  See Note G22 
“Investment properties” for more information on amounts 
and parameters used in these models.
Classification of leases
Nordea’s accounting policies for leases are described in sec-
tion 15 “Leasing”. 
Critical judgement has to be exercised when classifying 
lease contracts.  A lease is classified as a finance lease if it 
transfers substantially all the risks and rewards related to 
ownership.  A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does 
not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards related to 
ownership.
The central district properties in Finland, Norway and Swe-
den that Nordea has divested are leased back.  The duration 
of the lease agreements was initially 3-25 years with renewal 
options.  The lease agreements include no transfers of owner-
ships of the assets by the end of the lease term, nor any eco-
nomic benefit from appreciation in value of the leased prop-
erties.  In addition, the lease term is not for the major part of 
the assets’ economic life.  As a result, Nordea has classified 
these leases as operating leases.  This judgement is a critical 
judgement that has a significant impact on the carrying 
amounts in the financial statement.  The carrying amount of 
these properties at the time of disposal was EUR 1. 5bn.
More information on lease contracts can be found in Note 
G21 “Leasing”.
Classification of additional tier 1 instruments
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Assessing control for consolidation purposes
One decisive variable when assessing if Nordea controls 
another entity is whether Nordea is exposed to variability in 
returns from the investment.  For structured entities where 
voting rights are not the dominant factor when determining 
control, critical judgement has to be exercised when defining 
when Nordea is exposed to significant variability in returns.  
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 369 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
103
Annual Report 2018
Nordea’s critical judgement is that Nordea is normally 
exposed to variability in returns when Nordea receives more 
than 30% of the return produced by the structured entity.  This 
is only relevant for structured entities where Nordea also is 
the investment manager and thus have influence over the 
return produced by the structured entity.
Another judgement relating to control is whether Nordea 
acts as an agent or as a principal.  For unit linked and other 
contracts where the policyholder/depositor decides both the 
amount and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to 
act as an agent and thus does not have control.
Judgement also has to be exercised when assessing if a 
holding of a significant, but less than majority, share of voting 
rights constitute a so called de facto control and to what 
extent potential voting rights need to be considered in the 
control assessment.  Nordea’s assessment is that Nordea does 
currently not control any entities where the share of voting 
rights is below 50%.
Valuation of deferred tax assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of deferred tax 
assets is described in section 21 “Taxes” and Note G11 “Taxes”.
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by man-
agement’s assessment of Nordea’s future profitability and 
sufficiency of future taxable profits and future reversals of 
existing taxable temporary differences.  These assessments 
are updated and reviewed at each balance sheet date, and 
are, if necessary, revised to reflect the current situation.  
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 164m 
(EUR 118m) at the end of the year.
Claims in civil lawsuits 
Within the framework of the normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts.  Pres-
ently, none of the current disputes are considered likely to 
have any significant adverse effect on Nordea or its financial 
position.  See also Note G31 “Provisions” and Note G36 “Con-
tingent liabilities”.
5. Principles of consolidation
Consolidated entities
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp, and those entities that 
the parent company controls.  Control exists when Nordea is 
exposed to variability in returns from its investments in 
another entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the other entity.  Control is generally 
achieved when the parent company owns, directly or indi-
rectly through group undertakings, more than 50 per cent of 
the voting rights.  For entities where voting rights does not 
decide control, see section “Structured entities” below.
All group undertakings are consolidated using the acquisi-
tion method, except for the forming of Nordea in 1997–98 
when the holding in Nordea Bank Finland Plc was consoli-
dated using the pooling method.  Under the acquisition meth-
od, the acquisition is regarded as a transaction whereby the 
parent company indirectly acquires the group undertaking’s 
assets and assumes its liabilities and contingent liabilities.  
The group’s acquisition cost is established in a purchase price 
allocation analysis.  In such analysis, the cost of the business 
combination is the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of 
exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and 
equity instruments issued by the acquirer, in exchange for the 
identifiable net assets acquired.  Costs directly attributable to 
the business combination are expensed.  
As at the acquisition date Nordea recognises the identifi-
able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their 
acquisition date fair values.  
For each business combination Nordea measures the non-
controlling interest in the acquired business either at fair 
value or at their proportionate share of the acquired identifi-
able net assets.
When the aggregate of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interest exceeds the net fair value of the identifi-
able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess is 
reported as goodwill.  If the difference is negative, such differ-
ence is recognised immediately in the income statement.
Equity and net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests are separately disclosed on the balance sheet, 
income statement and statement of comprehensive income.   
Intra-group transactions and balances between the con-
solidated group undertakings are eliminated.
The group undertakings are included in the consolidated 
accounts as from the date on which control is transferred to 
Nordea and are no longer consolidated as from the date on 
which control ceases.  
In the consolidation process the reporting from the group 
undertakings is adjusted to ensure consistency with the IFRS 
principles applied by Nordea.
Note P21 “Investments in group undertakings” lists the 
major group undertakings in the Nordea Group.
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
The equity method of accounting is used for associated 
undertakings where the share of voting rights is between 20 
and 50 per cent and/or where Nordea has significant influ-
ence.  Significant influence is the power to participate in the 
financial and operating decisions of the investee but is not 
control or joint control over those policies.  
The equity method of accounting is also used for joint ven-
tures where Nordea has joint control.  Joint control is the con-
tractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which 
exists only when decisions about the relevant activities 
require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Investments within Nordea’s investment activities, which 
are classified as a venture capital organisation within Nordea, 
are measured at fair value in accordance with the rules set 
out in IAS 28 and IAS 39.  Further information on the equity 
method is disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating 
income and impairment”.
Profits from companies accounted for under the equity 
method are reported post-taxes in the income statement.  
Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is not 
included in the income tax expense for Nordea.
Nordea does generally not have any sales or contribution 
of assets to or from associated undertakings or joint ventures.  
Other transactions between Nordea and its associated under-
taking or joint ventures are not eliminated.
Note G19 “Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures” lists the major associated undertakings in the 
Nordea Group.
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity created to accomplish a nar-
row and well-defined objective where voting rights are not 
the dominant factor in determining control.  Often legal 
arrangements impose strict limits on the decision-making 
powers of the management over the on-going activities of a 
structured entity.  The same consolidation requirements apply 
to these entities, but as voting rights do not decide whether 
control exists, other factors are used to determine control.  
Power can exist due to agreements or other types of influ-
ence over a structured entity.  Nordea normally has power 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 370 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
104
Annual Report 2018
over entities sponsored or established by Nordea.  Nordea has 
created a number of structured entities to allow clients to 
invest in assets invested in by the structured entity.  Some 
structured entities invest in tradable financial instruments, 
such as shares and bonds (mutual funds).  Structured entities 
can also invest in structured credit products or acquire assets 
from customers of Nordea, although only one such structured 
entity currently exists.  Nordea is generally the investment 
manager and has sole discretion about investments and other 
administrative decisions and thus has power over these 
entities.  
Typically, Nordea will receive service and commission fees 
in connection with the creation of the structured entity, or 
because it acts as investment manager, custodian or in some 
other function.  Such income is normally not significant 
enough to expose Nordea to variability in returns and will 
thus not trigger consolidation.  In some structured entities 
Nordea has also supplied substantial parts of the funding in 
the form of fund units, loans or credit commitments.  In these 
structured entities Nordea is exposed to variability in returns 
and as the power over these entities affects the return, these 
structured entities are consolidated.  Nordea normally consid-
ers a share of more than 30% of the return produced by a 
structured entity to give rise to variability and thus give con-
trol.  Variability is measured as the sum of fees received and 
revaluation of assets held.  For unit linked and other contracts 
where the policyholder/depositor decide both the amount 
and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to act as 
an agent and does thus not have control.
Further information about consolidated and unconsolidat-
ed structured entities is disclosed in note G47 “Interests in 
structured entities”.
Currency translation of foreign entities/branches
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in euro 
(EUR), the presentation currency of the parent company 
Nordea Bank Abp.  The current method is used when translat-
ing the financial statements of foreign entities and branches 
into EUR from their functional currency.  The assets and liabili-
ties of foreign entities and branches have been translated at 
the closing rates, while items in the income statement and 
statement of comprehensive income are translated at the 
average exchange rate for the year.  The average exchange 
rates are calculated based on daily exchange rates divided by 
the number of banking days in the period.  Translation differ-
ences are accounted for in other comprehensive income and 
are accumulated in the translation reserve in equity.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acqui-
sition of group undertakings are treated as items in the same 
functional currency as the cash generating unit to which they 
belong and are also translated at the closing rate.  
Any remaining equity in foreign branches is converted at 
the closing rates with translation differences recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
Information on the most important exchange rates is dis-
closed in the separate section 29 “Exchange rates”.
6. Recognition of operating income and impairment
Net interest income
Interest income and expense are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if considered 
appropriate, based on a method that results in an interest 
income or interest expense that is a reasonable approxima-
tion of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation.  The effective interest includes fees considered to 
be an integral part of the effective interest rate of a financial 
instrument (generally fees received as compensation for risk).  
The effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts the 
estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount of the 
financial asset or financial liability.  
Interest income and expenses from financial instruments 
are, with the exceptions described below, classified as “Net 
interest income”.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, the interest on the net funding 
of the operations in Markets is recognised on this line.  
The interest component in FX swaps, and the interest paid 
and received in interest rate swaps plus changes in accrued 
interest, is classified as “Net result from items at fair value”, 
apart for derivatives used for hedging, including economical 
hedges of Nordea’s funding, where such components are 
classified as “Net interest income”. 
Interest income is presented on two rows in the income 
statement, Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method and Other interest income.  On the row 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest meth-
od, Nordea present interest income from financial assets 
measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.  This line items also includes the 
effect from hedge accounting relating to these assets.  All 
other interest income is presented on the income statement 
row Other interest income, and consists mainly of interest 
income on lending held at fair value in Denmark.
Net fee and commission income
Nordea earns commission income from different services pro-
vided to customers.  The recognition of commission income 
depends on the purpose for which the fees are received.  
The major part of the revenues classified as “Commission 
income” constitutes revenue from contracts with customers 
according to IFRS 15.  Fee income is recognised either when or 
as performance obligations are satisfied.  
Asset management commissions are generally recognised 
over time as services are performed and are normally based 
on assets under management.  These fees are recognised 
based on the passage of time as the amount, and the right to 
the fee, corresponds to the value received by the customer.  
Variable fees that are based on relative performance com-
pared with a benchmark are in asset management rare and 
they are normally fixed and recognised at least each report-
ing date.  Variable fees that are not fixed at the reporting date 
cannot generally be recognised as the outcome is uncertain 
and subject to market development.  
Life & Pension commission income includes fee income, 
referred to as expense loading, from insurance contracts and 
investment contracts with policyholders.  Investments con-
tracts are contracts that do not include enough insurance risk 
to be classified as insurance contracts.  The expense loading is 
the part of the premium income considered to be compensa-
tion for the contract administration.  The fee income is recog-
nised over time when the services are performed.  These con-
tracts do generally not include any up-front fees.
Fees categorised as Deposit Products, Brokerage, securities 
issues and corporate finance, Custody and issuer service and 
Payment commissions are recognised both over time and at a 
point of time dependent on when the performance obliga-
tions are satisfied.  Card fees are categorised as interchange 
fees that are recognised at a point of time, when the custom-
er uses the services, and cardholder fees that are recognised 
over time or at a point of time if the fee is transaction based.  
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of a 
financial instrument are recognised at a point of time.  The 
amount of loan syndication fees, as well as other transaction-
based fees, received are recognised at a point when the per-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 371 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
105
Annual Report 2018
formance obligation is satisfied, i. e.  when the syndication or 
transaction has been performed.  Fees received on bilateral 
transactions are generally amortised as part of the effective 
interest of the financial instruments recognised.  
Income from issued financial guarantees, and expenses for 
bought financial guarantees, are amortised over the duration 
of the instruments and classified as “Fee and commission 
income” and “Fee and commission expense” respectively.  
Other fee income is generally transaction based.
Commission expenses are normally transaction based and 
recognised in the period when the services are received.  
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are recognised 
as an asset and amortised if the costs are expected to be 
recovered.  
Net result from items at fair value
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial instru-
ments and investment properties measured at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net result 
from items at fair value”. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses derive from:
•	 Shares/participations and other share-related instruments
•	 Interest-bearing securities and other interest-related 
instruments Other financial instruments, including credit 
derivatives as well as commodity instruments/derivatives
•	 Foreign exchange gains/losses
•	 Investment properties, which include realised and unre-
alised	 income, for instance revaluation gains and losses.  
This line also includes realised results from disposals as 
well as the running property yield 	 stemming from the 
holding of investment properties.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, the interest on the net funding 
of the operations in Markets is recognised on this line.
Also, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net 
investment hedges as well as recycled gains and losses on 
financial instruments classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”. 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such as 
interest compensation received and realised gains/losses on 
buy-backs of issued own debt.
“Net result from items at fair value” includes also losses 
from counterparty risk on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.  
Impairment losses from instruments within other categories 
are recognised in the items ”Net loan losses” or “Impairment 
of securities held as financial non-current assets” (see also 
the sub-sections ”Net loan losses” and “Impairment of securi-
ties held as financial non-current assets” below).
Dividends received are recognised in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” and classified as 
“Shares/participations and other share-related instruments” 
in the note.  Income is recognised in the period in which the 
right to receive payment is established.
The income recognition and descriptions of the lines relat-
ing to life insurance are described in section 7 “Income recog-
nition life insurance” below.
Profit from companies accounted for under  
the equity method
The profit from companies accounted for under the equity 
method is defined as the post-acquisition change in Nordea’s 
share of net assets in the associated undertakings and the 
joint ventures.  Nordea’s share of items accounted for in other 
comprehensive income in the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures is accounted for in other comprehensive 
income in Nordea.  Profits from companies accounted for 
under the equity method are, as stated in section 5 “Principles 
of consolidation”, reported in the income statement post-tax-
es.  Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is 
excluded from the income tax expense for Nordea.  
Fair values are, at acquisition, allocated to the associated 
undertaking’s and the joint venture’s identifiable assets, liabil-
ities and contingent liabilities.  Any difference between 
Nordea’s share of the fair values of the acquired identifiable 
net assets and the purchase price is goodwill or negative 
goodwill.  Goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the 
associated undertaking and the joint venture.  Subsequently 
the investment in the associated undertaking and the joint 
venture increases/decreases with Nordea’s share of the post-
acquisition change in net assets in the associated undertak-
ing and the joint venture and decreases through received div-
idends and impairment.  An impairment charge can be 
reversed in a subsequent period.
The change in Nordea’s share of the net assets is generally 
based on monthly reporting from the associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures.  For some associated undertakings 
and joint ventures not individually significant the change in 
Nordea’s share of the net assets is based on the external 
reporting of the associated undertakings and the joint ven-
tures and affects the financial statements of Nordea in the 
period in which the information is available.  The reporting 
from the associated undertakings and the joint ventures is, if 
applicable, adjusted to comply with Nordea’s accounting 
policies.
Other operating income
Net gains from divestments of shares in group undertakings, 
associated undertakings and joint ventures and net gains on 
sale of tangible assets as well as other operating income, not 
related to any other income line, are generally recognised 
when it is probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to Nordea and if the significant risks and 
rewards have been transferred to the buyer (generally when 
the transactions are finalised).
Net loan losses
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into the 
categories Amortised cost and Fair value through other com-
prehensive income (see section 13 “Financial instruments”), in 
the items “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit institu-
tions”, “Loans to the public” and "Interest-bearing securities" 
on the balance sheet, are reported as ”Net loan losses” 
together with losses from financial guarantees.  Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit enhancements.  
Nordea’s accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 14 “Loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions”.
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
including credit derivatives but excluding loans held at fair 
value as described above is reported under "Net result from 
items at fair value".  
Impairment of securities held as financial  
non-current assets
Impairment on investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures are classified as “Impairment of securities held 
as financial non-current assets” in the income statement.  The 
policies covering impairment of financial assets classified into 
the category Amortised cost are disclosed in section 13 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 372 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
106
Annual Report 2018
“Financial instruments” and section 14 “Loans to the public/
credit institutions”. 
If observable indicators (loss events) indicate that an asso-
ciated undertaking or the joint ventures is impaired, an 
impairment test is performed to assess whether there is 
objective evidence of impairment.  The carrying amount of the 
investment in the associated undertaking or the joint venture 
is compared with the recoverable amount (higher of value in 
use and fair value less cost to sell) and the carrying amount is 
written down to the recoverable amount if required.  
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
7. Income recognition life insurance 
Premiums received, and repayments to policyholders, related 
to the saving part of the life insurance contracts are reported 
as increases or decreases of liabilities to policyholders.  See 
further information in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
The total income from life insurance mainly consists of the 
following components:
•	 Cost result
•	 Insurance risk result
•	 Risk and performance margin
•	 Investment return on additional capital in life insurance
The result from these components is, except for the cost 
result and the risk and performance margin relating to Unit 
Linked and Investment contracts, included in “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
The cost result is the result of expense loading from policy-
holders and is included in the item “Fee and commission 
income”, together with the risk and performance margin 
relating to Unit Linked and Investment contracts.  The related 
expenses are included in the items “Fee and commission 
expense” and “Operating expenses”. The policyholder’s part 
of a positive or negative cost result (profit sharing) is included 
in the note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” within Note G5 “Net result from items at fair value”.
The insurance risk result consists of income from individual 
risk products and from unbundled life insurance contracts as 
well as Health and personal accident insurance.  The risk pre-
miums are amortised over the coverage period as the provi-
sions are reduced when insurance risk is released.  A large part 
of the unbundled risk result from traditional life insurance is 
subject to profit sharing, which means that the policyholders 
receive a part of a net income or a net deficit.  The risk income 
and the risk expenses are presented gross on the lines “Insur-
ance risk income, Life insurance” and “Insurance risk expense, 
Life insurance” in Note G5 “Net result from items at fair value”. 
The policyholder’s part of the result is included in the line 
“Change in technical provisions, Life insurance” in the note.
Gains and losses derived from investments in Nordea Life 
& Pensions are split on the relevant lines in Note G5 “Net 
result from items at fair value” as for any other investment in 
Nordea.  The lines include investment return on assets held to 
cover liabilities to policyholders and return on the additional 
capital allocated to Nordea Life & Pensions (Shareholders 
capital in the Nordea Life & Pensions group).
The note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” in Note G5 “Net result from items at fair value” 
includes: 
•	 Investment returns on assets held to cover liabilities to pol-
icyholders (including liabilities from traditional life insur-
ance, unit linked insurance and investment contracts), indi-
vidually transferred to policyholders’ accounts according to 
the contracts.  
•	 Additional bonus (discretionary participation feature) to 
policyholders concerning traditional life insurance con-
tracts or any other transfers to the policyholders to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any 
agreed minimum benefit to the policyholders.
•	 Risk and performance margin regarding traditional life 
insurance products according to local allocation rules in 
each Nordea Life & Pensions unit and according to con-
tracts with policyholders.  The recognition of a risk and per-
formance margin in the income statement is mainly condi-
tional on a positive result for traditional life insurance con-
tracts.  Risk and performance margins not possible to 
recognise in the current period due to poor investment 
results can, in some countries, partly or wholly be deferred 
to years with higher returns.
•	 The policyholders’ part of the cost- and risk result regard-
ing traditional life insurance contracts or unit linked 
contracts.
The note line “Change in collective bonus potential, Life insur-
ance” in Note G5 “Net result from items at fair value” relates 
only to traditional life insurance contracts.  The line includes 
policyholders’ share of investment returns not yet individual-
ised.  The line includes also additional bonus (discretionary 
participation feature) and amounts needed to cover a periodi-
cal deficit between the investment result and any minimum 
benefits to the policyholders.
8. Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and derecog-
nised (and an asset or a liability is recognised as “Other 
assets” or ”Other liabilities” on the balance sheet between 
trade date and settlement date) from the balance sheet on 
the trade date.  Other financial instruments are recognised on 
the balance sheet on settlement date.
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire or are transferred to another party.  The 
rights to the cash flows normally expire or are transferred 
when the counterpart has performed by e. g.  repaying a loan 
to Nordea, i. e.  on settlement date.
Loans where cash flows are modified, or part of a restruc-
turing are derecognised, and a new loan recognised, if the 
terms and conditions of the new loan is substantially different 
from the old loan.  This is normally the case if the present 
value of the cash flows of the new loan discounted by the 
original interest rate is more than 10% different from the pres-
ent value of the remaining expected cash flows of the old 
loan.  The same principles apply to financial liabilities.
In some cases, Nordea enters into transactions where it 
transfers assets that are recognised on the balance sheet but 
retains either all or a portion of risks and rewards from the 
transferred assets.  If all or substantially all risks and rewards 
are retained, the transferred assets are not derecognised from 
the balance sheet.  If Nordea’s counterpart can sell or 
repledge the transferred assets, the assets are reclassified to 
the item “Financial instruments pledged as collateral” on the 
balance sheet.  Transfers of assets with retention of all or sub-
stantially all risks and rewards include e. g.  securities lending 
agreements and repurchase agreements.
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the liability is extinguished.  Normally this occurs 
when Nordea performs, for example when Nordea repays a 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 373 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
107
Annual Report 2018
deposit to the counterpart, i. e.  on settlement date.  Financial 
liabilities under trade date accounting are generally derecog-
nised and a liability is recognized as “Other liabilities” on the 
balance sheet on trade date.  
For further information, see sections “Securities borrowing 
and lending agreements” and “Repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements” within section 13 “Financial instru-
ments”, as well as Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained 
collaterals”.
9. Translation of assets and liabilities denominated  
in foreign currencies
The functional currency of each entity (subsidiary or branch) 
is decided based upon the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates.  Foreign currency is defined as any 
currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  For-
eign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate 
on the date of the transaction.  Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of transac-
tions at rates different from those at the date of the transac-
tion, and unrealised translation differences on unsettled for-
eign currency monetary assets and liabilities, are recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
10. Hedge accounting
As a part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea has 
identified a series of risk categories with corresponding hedg-
ing strategies using derivative instruments, as set out in the 
Market risk section in the chapter "Risk Management" in the 
Board of Directors' report and Note G18.  
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies one of 
three types of hedge accounting: 
•	 Fair value hedge accounting
•	 Cash flow hedge accounting 
•	 Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 
9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with 
the carve out version of IAS 39.  
The EU carve out version enables a group of derivatives (or 
proportions thereof) to be viewed in combination and be des-
ignated as the hedging instrument.  It also removes some of 
the limitations in fair value hedge accounting relating to 
hedging core deposits and under-hedging strategies.  
At inception, Nordea formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, including 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument, the nature of the risk, the risk manage-
ment objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and 
the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of 
the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis.   
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge to 
be highly effective.  A hedge is regarded as highly effective if 
at inception and throughout its life it can be expected that 
changes in fair value of the hedged item, as regards the 
hedged risk can be essentially offset by changes in fair value 
of the hedging instrument.  The result should be within a 
range of 80–125 per cent.
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships.
Fair value hedge accounting
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives are 
hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability 
attributable to a specific risk in accordance with Nordea’s risk 
management policies set out in the Market risk section in the 
chapter "Risk Management"in the Board of Directors' report 
and Note G18.  The risk of changes in fair value of assets and 
liabilities in Nordea’s financial statements originates mainly 
from loans, securities and deposits with a fixed interest rate, 
causing interest rate risk.  Changes in fair value from deriva-
tives as well as changes in fair value of the hedged item 
attributable to the risks being hedged are recognised sepa-
rately in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”. Given the hedge is effective, the change in 
fair value of the hedged item and the hedging instrument will 
offset.  
The changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable 
to the risks hedged with the derivative instrument are reflect-
ed in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged 
item, which is also recognised in the income statement.  The 
fair value change of the hedged items held at amortised cost 
in a portfolio hedge of interest rate risks is reported separate-
ly from the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on the 
balance sheet.
Fair value hedge accounting in Nordea is performed mainly 
on a portfolio basis.  Any ineffectiveness is recognised in the 
income statement under the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”. 
Hedged items
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a recognised sin-
gle asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment, or a 
portion thereof.  The hedged item can also be a group of 
assets, liabilities or firm commitments with similar risk char-
acteristics.  Hedged items in Nordea consist of both individual 
assets or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value.  Cash instruments are only 
used as hedging instruments when hedging currency risk.  
Hedge effectiveness
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively Nordea 
measures the fair value of the hedging instruments and com-
pares the change in fair value of the hedging instrument to 
the change in fair value of the hedged item.  The effectiveness 
measurement is made on a cumulative basis.  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, the hedge accounting is terminated.  
For fair value hedges the hedging instrument is reclassified to 
a trading derivative and the change in the fair value of the 
hedged item, up to the point when the hedge relationship is 
terminated, is amortised to the income statement on a 
straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of the hedged 
item.   
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
•	 Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items and 
hedging instruments
•	 Different interest rate curves applied to discount the 
hedged items and hedging instruments
•	 The effect of changes in Nordea’s or a counterparty’s credit 
risk on the fair value of the hedging instrument or hedged 
items
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 374 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
108
Annual Report 2018
•	 Disparity between expected and actual prepayments of the 
loan portfolio 
Cash flow hedge accounting
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in the chapter "Risk Manage-
ment" in the Board of Directors' report and Note G18, cash 
flow hedge accounting is applied when hedging the exposure 
to variability in future interest payments on instruments with 
variable interest rates and for the hedging of currency expo-
sures.  The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instru-
ment, that is determined to be an effective hedge, is recog-
nised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity.  The ineffective portion of 
the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recycled to the 
item “Net result from items at fair value” in the income 
statement.  
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other comprehen-
sive income are recycled and recognised in the income state-
ment in the same period as the hedged item affects profit or 
loss, normally in the period that interest income or interest 
expense is recognised.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly probable 
floating interest rate cash flows from recognised assets or lia-
bilities or from future assets or liabilities.  Nordea uses cash 
flow hedges when hedging currency risk in future payments 
of interest and principal in foreign currency and when hedg-
ing interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
cross currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value, where the currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest component 
as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk.  When hedging the 
interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates Nordea 
uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments, which are 
always held at fair value.
Hedge effectiveness
The hypothetical derivative method is used when measuring 
the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow hedges, mean-
ing that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap is used as 
proxy for the present value of the cumulative change in 
expected future cash flows from the hedged transaction (the 
currency component).  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, the hedge accounting is terminated.  
Changes in the unrealised value of the hedging instrument 
will prospectively from the last time it was proven effective 
be accounted for in the income statement.  The cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog-
nised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result from items 
at fair value” in the income statement if the expected transac-
tion no longer is expected to occur.  
If the expected transaction no longer is highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective remains in other comprehensive income until the 
transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur.
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedg-
es are generally the same as for those for fair value hedges 
described above.  However, for cash flow hedges, prepayment 
risk is less relevant, and the causes of hedging ineffectiveness 
arise from the changes in the timing and the amount of fore-
cast future cash flows.  
Hedges of net investments
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in the chapter "Risk Manage-
ment" in the Board of Directors' report and Note G18, Nordea 
hedges its translation risk.  Translation risk is defined as the 
risk of loss from equity capital investment in foreign opera-
tions that are denominated in a foreign currency other than 
the Group reporting currency (EUR).  The hedging instru-
ments used by Nordea are FX swaps.  
Translation differences on financial instruments that are 
designated hedging instruments in a hedge of a net invest-
ment in a group undertaking are recognised in other compre-
hensive income, to the extent the hedge is effective.  This is 
performed in order to offset the translation differences affect-
ing other comprehensive income when consolidating the 
group undertaking into Nordea.  Hedge ineffectiveness can 
arise to the extent the hedging instruments exceed in nominal 
terms the risk exposure from the foreign operations.  Any inef-
fectiveness is recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value”.
See also section 9 “Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies”.
11. Determination of fair value of financial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities classified into the categories 
Financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(including derivative instruments) are recorded at fair value 
on the balance sheet with changes in fair value recognised in 
the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
Fair value is defined as the price that at the measurement 
date would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants 
under current market conditions in the principal market for 
the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they exist 
they are used to measure financial assets and financial liabili-
ties.  An active market for the asset or liability is a market in 
which transactions for the asset or liability occur with suffi-
cient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on 
an on-going basis.  The absolute level for liquidity and volume 
required for a market to be considered active vary with the 
instrument classes.  For some classes low price volatility is 
seen, also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high.  For instruments in such a class the 
liquidity requirements are lower and, correspondingly, the 
age limit for the prices used for establishing fair value is 
higher.
The trade frequency and volume are monitored regularly in 
order to assess if markets are active or non-active.  Nordea is 
predominantly using published price quotations to establish 
fair value for items disclosed under the following balance 
sheet items:
•	 Interest-bearing securities
•	 Shares (listed)
•	 Derivatives (listed)
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 375 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
109
Annual Report 2018
•	 Debt securities in issue (issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab)
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to represent actu-
al and regularly occurring market transactions or if quoted pric-
es are not available, fair value is established by using an appro-
priate valuation technique.  The adequacy of the valuation tech-
nique, including an assessment of whether to use quoted prices 
or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular basis.
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models.  Valua-
tion models are designed to apply observable market prices 
and rates as input whenever possible but can also make use 
of unobservable model parameters.  The adequacy of the val-
uation model is assessed by measuring its capability to hit 
market prices.  This is done by comparison of calculated prices 
to relevant benchmark data, e. g.  quoted prices from exchang-
es, the counterparty´s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc.
Nordea is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the following 
balance sheet items:
•	 Loans to the public (mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit 	
Realkreditaktieselskab)
•	 Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in an 
active market are not available)
•	 Shares (when quoted prices in an active market are not 
available)
•	 Derivatives (OTC-derivatives)
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated by a 
valuation technique, it is investigated whether the variables 
used in the valuation model are predominantly based on data 
from observable markets.  By data from observable markets, 
Nordea considers data that can be collected from generally 
available external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices.  If non-observable data has a 
significant impact on the valuation, the instrument cannot be 
recognised initially at the fair value estimated by the valua-
tion technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the con-
tractual life of the instrument.  The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable data 
becomes observable.
Note G40 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments measured 
on the basis of:
•	 quoted prices in active markets for the same instrument 
(level 1), 
•	 valuation technique using observable data (level 2), and 
•	 valuation technique using non-observable data (level 3).
The valuation models applied by Nordea are consistent with 
accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instru-
ments and incorporate the factors that market participants 
consider when setting a price.
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on a reg-
ular basis.
For further information, see Note G40 “Assets and liabilities 
at fair value”.
12. Cash and balances with central banks
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign cur-
rencies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in 
accounts with central banks and postal giro systems under 
government authority, where the following conditions are 
fulfilled:
•	 The central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country  where the institutions is established
•	 The balance is readily available at any time
13. Financial instruments
Classification of financial instruments
Each financial instrument has been classified into one of the 
following categories:
Financial assets:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
-- Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
-- Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
•	 Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
Financial liabilities:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
-- Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
-- Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
The classification of a financial assets is dependent on the 
business model for the portfolio where the instrument is 
included and on whether the cash flows are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI).
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely pay-
ments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss.  All other assets are classified 
based on the business model.  Instruments included in a port-
folio with a business model where the intention is to keep the 
instruments and collect contractual cash flows are measured 
at amortised cost.  Instruments included in a business model 
where the intention is to both keep the instruments to collect 
the contractual cash flows and sell the instruments are mea-
sured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
Financial assets included in any other business model are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss.  
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective.  To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account.  When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio Nordea has ana-
lysed the objective with the financial assets as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value.  The classification of financial instruments into dif-
ferent categories forms the basis for how each instrument is 
subsequently measured on the balance sheet and how 
changes in its value are recognised.  In the table “Classifica-
tion of assets and liabilities under IFRS 9” above the classifi-
cation of the financial instruments on Nordea’s balance sheet 
into the different categories under IFRS 9 is presented.
Amortised cost
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are 
initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value, includ-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 376 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
110
Annual Report 2018
ing transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
instruments within this category are measured at amortised 
cost.  In an amortised cost measurement, the difference 
between acquisition cost and redemption value is amortised 
in the income statement over the remaining term using the 
effective interest rate method.  Amortised cost is defined as 
the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is 
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repay-
ments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the 
effective interest method of any difference between that ini-
tial amount and the maturity amount and for financial assets, 
adjusted for any loss allowance.  For more information about 
the effective interest rate method see Note G1 section 6, “Net 
interest income”. For information about impairment under 
IFRS 9, see section 14 below.
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised cost 
is recognised in the item “Interest income” and “Interest 
expense” in the income statement.  
This category consists of mainly all loans and deposits, 
except for reversed repurchase/repurchase agreement and 
securities borrowing/lending agreements in Markets and the 
mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab.  This 
category also includes interest bearing securities mainly relat-
ed to a portfolio of interest bearing securities in Life & Pen-
sion in Norway, subordinated liabilities and debt securities in 
issue, except for bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditak-
tieselskab and issued structured bonds in Markets.
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss are measured at fair value, excluding transaction 
costs.  All changes in fair values are recognised directly in the 
income statement in the item “Net result from items at fair 
value”.
The category consists of two sub-categories; Mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit and loss and Designat-
ed at fair value through profit or loss (fair value option).
The sub-category Mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains mainly   all assets in Markets, 
trading liabilities in Markets, interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer, derivative instruments, 
shares, the mortgage loans in the Danish subsidiary Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab and financial assets under 
“Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts”. Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked invest-
ment contracts are contracts with customers and policyhold-
ers where the total risk is born by the policy holders.  The 
deposits are invested in different types of financial asset on 
behalf of the customer and policyholders.  
The major parts of the financial assets/liabilities classified 
into the category Designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are issued bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab 
and assets and liabilities in Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Liabilities in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are clas-
sified into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mis-
match.  When Nordea grants mortgage loans to customers in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law Nordea at 
the same time issues bonds with matching terms, so called 
“match funding”. The customers can repay the loans either 
through repayments of the principal or by purchasing the 
issued bonds and return them to Nordea as a settlement of 
the loan.  The bonds play an important part in the Danish 
money market and Nordea consequently buys and sells own 
bonds in the market.  The loans are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss and if the bonds were measured at 
amortised cost this would give rise to an accounting mis-
match.  To avoid such an accounting mismatch Nordea mea-
sures the bonds at fair value with all changes in fair value 
including changes in credit risk recognised in profit or loss.  
All assets in Nordea Life & Pension held under investment 
contracts are classified into the category Designated at fair 
value through profit or loss to eliminate or significantly 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to the poli-
cyholders that are measured at fair value.  The investment 
contracts (unit-linked) classified as “Liabilities to policyhold-
ers” on the balance sheet are managed at fair value and con-
sequently classified into the category Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss.  Changes in own credit risk is recog-
nised in profit and loss as recognising this change in other 
comprehensive income would create an accounting mis-
match.  Assets held under insurance contracts (defined in 
Note 1 section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”), except for a 
portfolio of interest bearing securities in Norway, are classi-
fied into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities 
to policyholders that are generally measured at current value.
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts that are not mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss are classified into the category Desig-
nated at fair value through profit or loss to avoid an account-
ing mismatch with the related deposits.  The deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts are 
managed at fair value and consequently also classified into 
the category Designated at fair value through profit or loss.  
The value of these deposits is directly linked to assets in the 
contacts and there is consequently no effect from changes in 
own credit risk in these contracts.  
Nordea also applies the fair value option on issued struc-
tured bonds in Markets as these instruments include embed-
ded derivatives not closely related to the host contract.  The 
change in fair value on these issues structured bonds is rec-
ognised in profit and loss except for the changes in credit risk 
that is recognised in other comprehensive income.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value through profit and loss in Mar-
kets and Nordea Life & Pensions are classified as “Net result 
from items at fair value”.
Financial asset at fair value through other  
comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are measured at fair value plus transaction costs.  This 
category mainly consists of the interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer.  Changes in fair values, 
except for interest, foreign exchange effects and impairment 
losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in equity 
through other comprehensive income.  Interest is recognised 
in the item ”Interest income”, foreign exchange effects in ”Net 
result from items at fair value” and impairment losses in the 
item ”Net loan losses” in the income statement.  When an 
instrument is disposed of, the fair value changes that previ-
ously have been accumulated in the fair value reserve in other 
comprehensive income are removed from equity and recog-
nised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”. For information about impairment under 
IFRS 9, see section 14 below.
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments are contracts con-
taining a host contract and an embedded derivative instru-
ment.  Such combinations arise predominantly from the issu-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 377 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
111
Annual Report 2018
ance of structured debt instruments, such as issued index-
linked bonds.
Index-linked bonds issued by Group Treasury are consid-
ered to be part of the funding activities.  The zero-coupon 
bond, is measured at amortised cost.  The embedded deriva-
tives in those instruments are separated from the host con-
tract and accounted for as stand-alone derivatives at fair 
value, if the economic characteristics and risks of the embed-
ded derivative are not closely related to the economic charac-
teristics and risks of the host contract, and the embedded 
derivative meets the definition of a derivative instrument.  
Changes in fair values, of the embedded derivatives, are rec-
ognised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
For index-linked bonds issued by Markets Nordea applies 
the fair value option and the entire combined instrument, 
host contract together with the embedded derivative, is mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss.  Changes in fair val-
ues are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” and presented as “Debt securi-
ties in issue” on the balance sheet.
Securities borrowing and lending agreements
Generally, securities borrowing and securities lending trans-
actions are entered into on a collateralised basis.  Unless the 
risks and rewards of ownership are transferred, the securities 
are not recognised on or derecognised from the balance 
sheet.  In the cases where the counterpart is entitled to resell 
or repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet item “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities in securities lending transactions are also dis-
closed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash collateral advanced (securities borrowing) to the 
counterparts is recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to 
central banks”, “Loans to credit institutions” or as “Loans to 
the public”. Cash collateral received (securities lending) from 
the counterparts is recognised on the balance sheet as 
“Deposits by credit institutions” or as “Deposits and borrow-
ings from the public”.
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements and secu-
rities received under reverse repurchase agreements are not 
derecognised from or recognised on the balance sheet.  In the 
cases where the counterpart has the right to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet line “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements are also 
disclosed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash received under repurchase agreements is recognised 
on the balance sheet as “Deposits by credit institutions” or as 
“Deposits and borrowings from the public”. Cash delivered 
under reverse repurchase agreements is recognised on the 
balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” or as “Loans to the public”.
Additionally, the sale of securities received in reverse 
repurchase agreements trigger the recognition of a trading 
liability (short sale).
Derivatives
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and mea-
sured at fair value.  Derivatives with total positive fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as assets in the 
item “Derivatives” on the asset side.  Derivatives with total neg-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
ative fair values, including any accrued interest, are recognised 
as liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side.
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from derivatives 
are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Nordea offsets financial assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the ordinary course 
of business and in case of bankruptcy, and if the intent is to 
settle the items net or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.  
Exchanged traded derivatives are generally accounted for 
as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or received, and 
the instrument is reset to market terms.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities against central counterparty clearing houses 
are offset on the balance sheet if the transaction currency 
and the central counterparty is the same.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities related to bilateral OTC derivative transac-
tions are not offset on the balance sheet.
In addition, loans and deposits related to repurchase and 
reversed repurchase transaction with CCP are offset on the 
balance sheet if the assets and liabilities relate to the same 
central counterparty, are settled in the same currency and 
have the same maturity date.  Loans and deposit related to 
repurchase and reversed repurchase transactions that are 
made in accordance with the Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (GMRA) are offset on the balance sheet if the 
assets and the liabilities relate to the same counterparty, are 
settled in the same currency, have the same maturity date 
and are settled through the same settlement institution.
Issued debt and equity instruments
A financial instrument issued by Nordea is either classified as 
a financial liability or equity.  Issued financial instruments are 
classified as a financial liability if the contractual arrangement 
results in Nordea having a present obligation to either deliver 
cash or another financial asset, or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument.  If this is not the 
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and 
classified as equity, net of transaction costs.  Where issued 
financial instruments contain both liability and equity compo-
nents, these are accounted for separately.  
14.  Loans to the public/credit institutions
Scope
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or Fair 
value through other comprehensive income are in scope for 
recognising impairment due to credit risk.  This includes assets 
recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, 
Loans to credit institutions”, “Loans to the public” and “Inter-
est-bearing securities”. These balance sheet lines also include 
assets classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations.  See section 13 above 
and Note G39 on “Classification of financial instruments”.
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities and 
loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations.
Recognition and presentation
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an offsetting 
allowance for the expected credit losses if the loss is not 
regarded as final.  The allowance account is disclosed net on 
the face of the balance sheet, but the allowance account is 
disclosed separately in the notes.  Changes in the allowance

--- Page 378 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
112
Annual Report 2018
account are recognised in the income statement and classi-
fied as “Net loan losses”.
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported as 
a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan and the 
related allowance for impairment loss are derecognised.  An 
impairment loss is regarded as final when the obligor is filed 
for bankruptcy and the administrator has declared the eco-
nomic outcome of the bankruptcy procedure, or when Nordea 
forgives its claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when Nordea, for other reasons, deem it 
unlikely that the claim will be recovered.  
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are classified as 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet, with changes in provisions 
classified as “Net loan losses”.
Assets classified as Fair value through other comprehen-
sive income are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet.  
Impairment losses calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 are 
recognised in the income statement and classified as “Net 
loan losses”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income”.
Impairment testing 
Nordea classifies all exposures into stages on an individual 
basis.  Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no signifi-
cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, stage 2 
includes assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets.  Nordea 
monitors whether there are indicators of exposures being 
credit impaired (stage 3) by identifying events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss 
event).  Nordea applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation.  More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in the Risk, Liquidity 
and Capital management section.  Exposures without individ-
ually calculated allowances will be covered by the model-
based impairment calculation.
For significant exposures that have been individually iden-
tified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impairment 
loss is made on an individual basis.  The carrying amount of 
the exposure is compared with the sum of the net present 
value of expected future cash flows.  If the carrying amount is 
higher, the difference is recognised as an impairment loss.  
The expected cash flows are discounted with the original 
effective interest rate and include the fair value of the collat-
erals and other credit enhancements.  The estimate is based 
on three different forward-looking scenarios that are prob-
ability weighted to derive the net present value.
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impair-
ment loss is measured using the model described below but 
based on the fact that the exposures are already in default.  
Model based allowance calculation
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a statistical 
model is used for calculating impairment losses.  The provi-
sions are calculated as the exposure at default times the 
probability of default times the loss given default.  For assets 
in stage 1 this calculation is only based on the coming 12 
months, while it for assets in stage 2 and 3 are based on the 
expected lifetime of the asset.
The provisions for exposures where there has been no sig-
nificant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are 
based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1).  Provisions for 
exposures where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, but that are not credit 
impaired, are based on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2).  
This is also the case for the insignificant credit impaired expo-
sures in stage 3.
Nordea uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  For assets 
held at transition 1 January 2018, the change in internal rating 
and scoring data is used to determine whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  Internal rat-
ing/scoring information is used to assess the risk of the cus-
tomers and a deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an 
increase in the credit risk of the customer.  Nordea has con-
cluded it is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at origi-
nation without the use of hindsight for assets already recog-
nised on the balance sheet at transition.  Changes to the life-
time Probability of Default (PD) is used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition.
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea uses a 
mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the transfer cri-
terion.  Assets where the relative increase in lifetime PD is 
more than 250 percent is considered as having a significant 
increase in credit risk, or if the absolute increase in lifetime 
PD is more than 150 basis points.  For assets where rating and 
scoring models are used, the change in rating/scoring notch-
es is calibrated to match the significant increase in credit risk 
based on lifetime PD.  In addition, customers with forbearance 
measures and customers with payments more than thirty 
days past due are also transferred to stage 2, unless already 
identified as credit impaired (stage 3).  Exposures more than 
90 days past due will normally be classified as stage 3, but 
this classification will be rebutted if there is evidence the cus-
tomer is not in default.  Such exposures will be classified as 
stage 2.
Nordea does not use the “low credit risk exemption” in the 
banking operations but uses it for a minor portfolio of inter-
est-bearing securities in the insurance operations.  
When calculating provisions, including the staging assess-
ment, the calculation is based on probability weighted for-
ward looking information.  Nordea applies three macro-eco-
nomic scenarios to address the non-linearity in expected 
credit losses.  The different scenarios are used to adjust the 
relevant parameters for calculating expected losses and a 
probability weighted average of the expected losses under 
each scenario is recognised as provisions.
Write-offs
A write-off is a de-recognition of a loan or receivable from the 
balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit loss provision.  
When assets are considered as uncollectable they should be 
written off as soon as possible, regardless of whether the 
legal claim remains or not.  A write-off can take place before 
legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have 
been concluded in full.  Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written-off from the balance sheet, the customer 
remains legally obligated to pay the outstanding debt.  When 
assessing the recoverability of non-performing loans and 
determining if write-offs are required, exposures with the fol-
lowing characteristics are in particular focus (list not 
exhaustive):
•	 Exposures past due more than 90 days.  If, following this 
assessment, an exposure or part of an exposure is deemed 
as unrecoverable, it is written-off.
•	 Exposures under insolvency procedure where the collater-
alisation of the exposure is low.
•	 Exposures where legal expenses are expected to absorb 
proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure and therefore 
estimated recoveries are expected to be low.
•	 A partial write-off may be warranted where there is rea-
sonable financial evidence to demonstrate an inability of 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 379 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
113
Annual Report 2018
the borrower to repay the full amount, i. e.  a significant 
level of debt which cannot be reasonably demonstrated to 
be recoverable following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral.
•	 Restructuring cases.
Discount rate
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the original 
effective interest rate for loans attached to an individual cus-
tomer or, if applicable, to a group of loans.  If considered 
appropriate, the discount rate can be based on a method that 
results in an impairment that is a reasonable approximation 
of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation.
Restructured loans and modifications
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan where 
Nordea has granted concessions to the obligor due to its 
financial difficulties and where this concession has resulted in 
an impairment loss for Nordea.  After a reconstruction the loan 
is normally regarded as not impaired if it performs according 
to the new conditions.  In the event of a recovery the payment 
is reported as a recovery of loan losses.  
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial difficulties (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan.  Normally this reduction is 
less than the existing provision and no loss is recognised in 
the income statement due to modifications.  If significant, the 
gross amounts (loan and allowance) are reduced.  
Assets taken over for protection of claims
In a financial reconstruction the creditor may concede loans 
to the obligor and in exchange for this concession acquire an 
asset pledged for the conceded loans, shares issued by the 
obligor or other assets.  Assets taken over for protection of 
claims are reported on the same balance sheet line as similar 
assets already held by Nordea.  For example, a property taken 
over, not held for Nordea’s own use, is reported together with 
other investment properties.
At initial recognition, all assets taken over for protection of 
claims are recognised at fair value and the possible difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of 
the assets taken over is recognised as “Net loan losses”. The 
fair value of the asset on the date of recognition becomes its 
cost or amortised cost value, as applicable.  In subsequent 
periods, assets taken over for protection of claims are valued 
in accordance with the valuation principles for the appropri-
ate type of asset.  Investment properties are then measured at 
fair value.  Financial assets that are foreclosed are generally 
classified into the categories Fair value through profit or loss 
and measured at fair value.  Changes in fair values are recog-
nized in the income statement under the line “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
Any change in value, after the initial recognition of the 
asset taken over, is presented in the income statement in line 
with the Group’s presentation policies for the appropriate 
asset.  ” Net loan losses” in the income statement is, after the 
initial recognition of the asset taken over, consequently not 
affected by any subsequent remeasurement of the asset.
15. Leasing
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases.  A 
finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease.  The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income.  The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease.  
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment.  Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income”. The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated on the basis of Nordea’s depre-
ciation policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement.  
Nordea as lessee
Finance leases
Finance leases are recognised as assets and liabilities on the 
balance sheet at the amount equal to the fair value, or if 
lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments of 
the leased assets at the inception of the lease.  The assets are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets.  Lease 
payments are apportioned between finance charge and 
reduction of the outstanding liability.  The finance charge is 
allocated to periods during the lease term so as to produce a 
constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of 
the liability for each period.  A finance lease also gives rise to a 
depreciation expense for the leased asset.  The depreciation 
policy is consistent with that of the assets in own use.  Impair-
ment testing of leased assets is performed following the 
same principles as for similar owned assets.
Operating leases
Operating leases are not recognised on Nordea’s balance 
sheet.  For operating leases, the lease payments are recog-
nised as expenses in the income statement on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term unless another systematic way bet-
ter reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit.  The original 
lease terms normally range between 3 to 25 years.
Operating leasing is mainly related to office premises con-
tracts and office equipment contracts normal to the business.
The central district properties in Finland, Norway and Swe-
den that Nordea has divested are leased back.  The duration 
of the lease agreements was initially 3-25 years with renewal 
options.  The lease agreements include no transfers of owner-
ships of the asset by the end of the lease term, nor any eco-
nomic benefits from appreciation in value of the leased prop-
erties.  In addition, the lease term is not for the major part of 
the assets’ economic life.  These leases are thus classified as 
operating leases.  The rental expense for these premises is 
amortised using the effective interest method which differs 
from the straight-line basis and better resembles an ordinary 
rental arrangement.
Embedded leases
Agreements can contain a right to use an asset in return for a 
payment, or a series of payments, although the agreement is 
not in the legal form of a leasing contract.  If applicable, these 
assets are separated from the contract and accounted for as 
leased assets.
16. Intangible assets
Intangible assets are identifiable, non-monetary assets with-
out physical substance.  The assets are under Nordea’s control, 
which means that Nordea has the power and rights to obtain 
the future economic benefits flowing from the underlying 
resource.  The intangible assets in Nordea mainly consist of 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 380 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
114
Annual Report 2018
goodwill, IT-development/computer software and customer 
related intangible assets.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition 
over the fair value of Nordea’s share of net identifiable assets 
of the acquired group undertaking/associated undertaking/
joint venture at the date of acquisition.  Goodwill on acquisi-
tion of group undertakings and joint ventures is included in 
“Intangible assets”. Goodwill on acquisitions of associated 
undertaking is not recognised as a separate asset but includ-
ed in “Investments in associated undertakings”. Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.  
Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment loss-
es.  Impairment losses on goodwill cannot be reversed in sub-
sequent periods.  Goodwill related to associated undertakings 
and joint ventures is not tested for impairment separately but 
included in the total carrying amount of the associated under-
takings and the joint ventures.  The policies covering impair-
ment testing of associated undertakings and joint ventures is 
disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and 
impairment”.
IT-development/Computer software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software pro-
grams are expensed as incurred.  Costs directly associated 
with major software development investments, with the abil-
ity to generate future economic benefits, are recognised as 
intangible assets.  These costs include software development 
staff costs and overhead expenditures directly attributable to 
preparing the asset for use.  Computer software includes also 
acquired software licenses not related to the function of a 
tangible asset.
Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the 
useful life of the software, generally a period of 3 to 10 years.
Customer related intangible assets
In business combinations a portion of the purchase price is 
normally allocated to a customer related intangible asset, if 
the asset is identifiable and under Nordea’s control.  An intan-
gible asset is identifiable if it arises from contractual or legal 
rights, or could be separated from the entity and sold, trans-
ferred, licenced, rented or exchanged.  The asset is amortised 
over its useful life, generally over 10 years.
Impairment 
Goodwill and IT-development not yet taken into use is not 
amortised but tested for impairment annually irrespective of 
any indications of impairment.  Impairment testing is also per-
formed more frequently if required due to any indication of 
impairment.  The impairment charge is calculated as the dif-
ference between the carrying amount and the recoverable 
amount.  
At each balance sheet date, all intangible assets with defi-
nite useful lives, including IT-development taken into use, are 
reviewed for indications of impairment.  If such indications 
exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying 
amount of the intangible asset is fully recoverable.  
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the asset or the cash-gen-
erating unit, which is defined as the smallest identifiable 
group of assets that generates largely independent cash 
flows in relation to other assets.  For goodwill and IT-develop-
ment not yet taken into use, the cash generating units are 
defined as the operating segments.  The value in use is the 
present value of the cash flows expected to be realised from 
the asset or the cash-generating unit.  The cash flows are 
assessed based on the asset or cash-generating unit in its 
current condition and discounted at a rate based on the long-
term risk-free interest rate plus a risk premium (post tax).  If 
the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount, an 
impairment loss is recognised.  See Note G20 “Intangible 
assets” for more information on the impairment testing.
17. Properties and equipment
Properties and equipment includes own-used properties, 
leasehold improvements, IT equipment, furniture and other 
equipment.  Items of properties and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses.  The cost of an item of properties and 
equipment comprise its purchase price, as well as any directly 
attributable costs of bringing the asset to the working condi-
tion for its intended use.  When parts of an item of property 
and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items.
Properties and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the estimated useful life of the assets.  The esti-
mates of the useful life of different assets are reassessed on a 
yearly basis.  Below follow the current estimates:
Buildings
30–75 years
Equipment
3–5 years
Leasehold 
improvements
Changes within buildings the 
shorter of 10 years and the 
remaining leasing term.  New con-
struction the shorter of the prin-
ciples used for owned buildings 
and the remaining leasing term.  
Fixtures installed in leased prop-
erties are depreciated over the 
shorter of 10–20 years and the 
remaining leasing term.
At each balance sheet date, Nordea assesses whether there is 
any indication that an item of property and equipment may 
be impaired.  If any such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the asset is estimated, and any impairment loss is 
recognised.
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
18. Investment properties
Investment properties are primarily properties held to earn 
rent and/or capital appreciation.  The majority of the proper-
ties in Nordea are attributable to Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Nordea applies the fair value model for subsequent measure-
ment of investment properties.  The best evidence of a fair 
value is normally given by quoted prices in an active market 
for similar properties in the same location and condition.  As 
these prices are rarely available discounted cash flow projec-
tion models based on reliable estimates of future cash flows 
are also used.  
Net rental income, gains and losses as well as fair value 
adjustments are recognised directly in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value”.
19. Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders include obligations according to 
insurance contracts and investment contracts with policy-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 381 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
115
Annual Report 2018
holders for all the companies in Nordea Life & Pensions, 
including companies in Sweden, Norway, Finland and 
Denmark.
An insurance contract is defined as “a contract under 
which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance 
risks from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future 
event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder”.
Investment contracts are contracts with policyholders that 
have the legal form of insurance contracts but where the 
insurance risk transfer has been assessed to be insignificant.
The insurance risk is generally calculated as the risk sum 
payable as a percentage of the reserve behind the contract at 
the beginning of the contract period.
The contracts can be divided into the following classes:
•	  Insurance contracts:
-- Traditional life insurance contracts with and without  
discretionary participation feature
-- Unit-Linked contracts with significant insurance risk
-- Health and personal accident 
•	 Investment contracts:
-- Investment contracts with discretionary participation 
feature
-- Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
feature
Insurance contracts 
The measurement principles under local GAAP have been 
maintained consequently resulting in a non-uniform account-
ing policies method on consolidation.
The measurement of traditional life insurance provisions in 
Denmark and Finland are prepared by calculating the present 
value of future benefits, to which the policyholders are enti-
tled.  The calculation includes assumptions about market con-
sistent discounting rates as well as expenses and life risk.  The 
discount rate is based on the liabilities’ current term.  In Den-
mark, the provision, in addition, includes bonus potential on 
paid policies and on future premiums.
In Norway the traditional life insurance provisions are 
mainly calculated on the basis of a prospective method.  The 
discount rate used is equal to the original tariff rates adjusted 
for assumptions about expenses and risk.  
The accounting policy for each company is based on the 
local structure of the business and is related to the solvency 
rules and national regulation concerning profit sharing and 
other requirements about collective bonus potential (not allo-
cated provisions that protect the policyholders).   
Unit-Linked contracts represent life insurance provisions 
relating to Unit-Linked policies written either with or without 
an investment guarantee.  Unit-Linked contracts classified as 
insurance contracts include the same insurance risk elements 
as traditional insurance contracts.  These contracts are mainly 
recognised and measured at fair value on the basis of: 
•	 the fair value of the assets linked to the Unit-Linked con-
tracts, and
•	 the estimated present value of the insurance risk which is 
calculated in the same way as traditional insurance con-
tracts considering the impact on 	
every risk element 
included in the cash flows.
Health and personal accident provisions include premium 
reserves and claims outstanding.  This item is recognised and 
measured on deferred basis, the same principle as used for 
general insurance contracts.  
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
Investment contracts 
Contracts classified as investment contracts are contracts 
with policyholders which do not transfer sufficient insurance 
risk to be classified as insurance contracts and are written 
with an investment guarantee or a discretionary participation 
feature.
Investment contracts with discretionary participation fea-
tures are, in line with IFRS 4, accounted for as insurance con-
tracts using local accounting principles.  Nordea Life & Pen-
sion has only a small number of these contracts.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features are recognised and measured at fair value in accor-
dance with IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, equal to fair value of the assets linked to 
these contracts.  These assets are classified into the category 
Designated at fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch.
Discretionary participating features (DPF)
Some traditional life insurance contracts and investment con-
tracts include a contractual right for the policyholder to 
receive significant benefits in addition to guaranteed benefits.  
Nordea has discretion to pay these additional benefits as 
bonus on risk result, expense result and interest rate.  These 
DPF-contracts (Collective bonus potential) are classified as 
liabilities on the balance sheet.
Collective bonus potential includes amounts allocated but 
not attributed to the policyholders.  In Finland, collective 
bonus potential includes the policyholder’s part of the total 
unrealised investment gains and bonus potential on paid poli-
cies and future premiums (the difference between retrospec-
tive and market consistent prospective measurement prin-
ciples of the insurance contracts).  In Norway, collective bonus 
potential includes the policyholder’s part of both the total 
unrealised investment gains and additional reserves.  In Swe-
den and Denmark, the main valuation principle is fair value 
(insurance contracts).  The policyholder’s part of both realised 
and unrealised investment gains is therefore included on the 
balance sheet representing either “Change in technical provi-
sions, Life insurance” and/or “Change in collective bonus 
potentials, Life insurance”, depending on whether the invest-
ment result is allocated or not.  Both the mentioned lines are 
included on the balance sheet line “Liabilities to 
policyholders”.
Liability adequacy test
The adequacy of insurance provisions is assessed at each 
reporting date to ensure that the carrying amount of the lia-
bilities is higher than the best estimate of future cash flows 
discounted with current interest rates.  If needed, additional 
provisions are accounted for and recognised in the income 
statement.  
20. Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
Deposit in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts are contracts with customers and policyholders where 
the total risk is born by the customers or the policyholders.  
The deposits are invested in different types of financial assets 
on behalf of the customers and policyholders.  
Unit-Linked investment contracts include investment con-
tracts written without any investment guarantees and that do 
not transfer sufficient insurance risk to be classified as insur-
ance contracts.

--- Page 382 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
116
Annual Report 2018
The assets and deposits in these contracts are recognised 
and measured at fair value as described in section 13 “Finan-
cial instrument” above.
21. Taxes
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement com-
prises current- and deferred income tax.  The income tax 
expense is recognised in the income statement, except to the 
extent the tax effect relates to items recognised in other com-
prehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the tax 
effect is recognised in other comprehensive income or in 
equity respectively.  
Current tax is the expected tax expense on the taxable 
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax pay-
able in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using the 
balance sheet method, for temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation pur-
poses.  Deferred tax assets are recognised for the carry for-
ward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits.  Deferred 
tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising on ini-
tial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither account-
ing nor taxable profit, nor for differences relating to invest-
ments in group undertakings, associated undertakings and 
joint ventures to the extent that it is probable that they will 
not reverse in the foreseeable future.  In addition, deferred tax 
is not recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on 
the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, 
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.  Deferred tax assets and liabili-
ties are not discounted.  A deferred tax asset is recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences, tax 
losses carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised.  
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and 
are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.  
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to recover 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  Deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities are generally offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities.
22. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or 
loss attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the period.  
Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for 
the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, consisting 
of rights to performance shares in the long-term incentive 
programmes.  
The potential ordinary shares are only considered to be 
dilutive, on the balance sheet date, if all performance condi-
tions are fulfilled and if a conversion to ordinary shares would 
decrease earnings per share.  The rights are furthermore con-
sidered dilutive only when the exercise price, with the addi-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
tion of future services, is lower than the period’s average 
share price.
23. Employee benefits
All forms of consideration given by Nordea to its employees 
as compensation for services performed are employee ben-
efits.  Short-term benefits are to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period when the services have 
been performed.  Post-employment benefits are benefits pay-
able after the termination of the employment.  Post-employ-
ment benefits in Nordea consist only of pensions.  Termination 
benefits normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if an employee accepts an offer 
of voluntary redundancy.
Short-term benefits
Short term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable sal-
ary.  Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in the peri-
od when the employees have performed services to Nordea.  
Nordea has also issued share-based payment programmes, 
which are further described in section 26 “Share-based 
payment”. 
More information can be found in Note G7 “Staff costs”.
Post-employment benefits
Pension plans
The companies within Nordea have various pension plans, 
consisting of both defined benefit pension plans and defined 
contribution pension plans, reflecting national practices and 
conditions in the countries where Nordea operates.  Defined 
benefit pension plans are predominantly sponsored in Swe-
den, Norway and Finland.  The major defined benefit pension 
plans are funded schemes covered by assets in pension 
funds/foundations.  If the fair value of plan assets, associated 
with a specific pension plan, is lower than the gross present 
value of the defined benefit obligation determined using the 
projected unit credit method, the net amount is recognised as 
a liability (“Retirement benefit liabilities”).  If not, the net 
amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement benefit 
assets”).  Non-funded pension plans are recognised as 
“Retirement benefit liabilities “.
Most pensions in Denmark, but also plans in other coun-
tries, are based on defined contribution arrangements that 
hold no pension liability for Nordea.  All defined benefit pen-
sion plans are closed for new employees.  Nordea also con-
tributes to public pension systems.
Pension costs
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are recog-
nised as an expense as the employee renders services to the 
entity and the contribution payable in exchange for that ser-
vice becomes due.  Nordea’s net obligation for defined benefit 
pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by esti-
mating the amount of future benefit that employees have 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods.  That 
benefit is discounted to determine its present value.  Actuarial 
calculations including the projected unit credit method are 
applied to assess the present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions and related costs, based on several actuarial and finan-
cial assumptions (as disclosed in Note G32 “Retirement ben-
efit obligations”).  
When establishing the present value of the obligation and 
the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement effects may 
arise as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions and 
experience effects (actual outcome compared to assump-
tions).  The remeasurement effects are recognised immedi-
ately in equity through other comprehensive income.  
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised

--- Page 383 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
117
Annual Report 2018
asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the 
plan.
Social security contribution is calculated and accounted for 
based on the net recognised surplus or deficit by plan and is 
included on the balance sheet as “Retirement benefit liabili-
ties” or “Retirement benefit assets”.
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans
The discount rate is determined by reference to high quality 
corporate bonds, where a deep enough market for such 
bonds exists.  Covered bonds are in this context considered to 
be corporate bonds.  In countries where no such market exists 
the discount rate is determined by reference to government 
bond yields.  In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the discount 
rate is determined with reference to covered bonds and in 
Finland with reference to corporate bonds.  In Sweden, Nor-
way and Denmark the observed covered bond credit spreads 
over the swap curve is derived from the most liquid long 
dated covered bonds and extrapolated to the same duration 
as the pension obligations using the relevant swap curves.  In 
Finland the corporate bond credit spread over the govern-
ment bond rate is extrapolated to the same duration as the 
pension obligation using the government bond curve.  
Termination benefits
As mentioned above termination benefits normally arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, 
or if an employee accepts an offer of voluntary redundancy.  
Termination benefits do not arise if the employees have to 
continue performing services and the termination benefits 
can be considered to be normal compensation for those 
services.  
Termination benefits are expensed when Nordea has an 
obligation to make the payment.  An obligation arises when 
there is a formal plan committed to on the appropriate organ-
isational level and when Nordea is without realistic possibility 
of withdrawal, which normally occurs when the plan has 
been communicated to the group affected or to their 
representatives.  
Termination benefits can include both short-term benefits, 
for instance a number of months’ salary, and post-employ-
ment benefits, normally in the form of early retirement.  Short-
term benefits are classified as “Salaries and remuneration” 
and post-employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note G7 
“Staff costs”. 
24. Equity
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests comprise the portion of net assets 
of group undertakings not owned directly or indirectly by 
Nordea Bank Abp.
For each business combination, Nordea measures the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets.
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Invested unrestricted equity/Share premium reserve
The reserve consists of the difference between the subscrip-
tion price and the quota value of the shares in Nordea’s rights 
issue.  Transaction costs in connection to the rights issue have 
been deducted.
Other reserves
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net after tax 
effects, which are reported in equity through other compre-
hensive income.  These reserves include reserves for cash flow 
hedges, financial assets classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit pension 
plans, as well as a reserve for translation differences.  
Retained earnings
Apart from undistributed profits from previous years, retained 
earnings include the equity portion of untaxed reserves.  
Untaxed reserves according to national rules are accounted 
for as equity net of deferred tax at prevailing tax rates in the 
respective country.
In addition, Nordea’s share of the earnings in associated 
undertakings and joint ventures, after the acquisition date, 
that have not been distributed is included in retained 
earnings.
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are not accounted for as assets.  Acquisitions 
of treasury shares are classified as deductions of “Retained 
earnings” on the balance sheet.  Also, own shares in trading 
portfolios are classified as treasury shares.  Divested treasury 
shares are recognised as an increase of “Retained earnings”.
Contracts on Nordea shares that can be settled net in cash 
are either financial assets or financial liabilities.
25. Financial guarantee contracts and credit commitments
Upon initial recognition, premiums received in issued finan-
cial guarantee contracts and credit commitments are recog-
nised as prepaid income on the balance sheet.  The guaran-
tees and irrevocable credit commitments are subsequently 
measured, and recognised as a provision on the balance 
sheet, at the higher of either the received fee less amortisa-
tion, or an amount calculated in accordance with IFRS9.  
Changes in provisions are recognised in the income statement 
in the item ”Net loan losses”. 
Premiums received for financial guarantees are, as stated 
in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and impair-
ment”, amortised over the guarantee period and recognised 
as ”Fee and commission income” in the income statement.  
Premiums received on credit commitments are generally 
amortised over the loan commitment period.  The contractual 
amounts are recognised off-balance sheet, financial guaran-
tees in the item “Contingent liabilities” and irrevocable credit 
commitments in the item “Commitments”.
26. Share-based payment
Equity-settled programmes
Nordea has annually issued Long Term Incentive Programmes 
from 2007 through 2012.  Employees participating in these 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 384 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
118
Annual Report 2018
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
programmes are granted share-based equity-settled rights, 
i. e.  rights to receive shares for free or to acquire shares in 
Nordea at a significant discount compared to the share price 
at grant date.  The value of such rights is expensed.  The 
expense is based on the estimated fair value of each right at 
grant date.  The total fair value of these rights is determined 
based on the group’s estimate of the number of rights that 
will eventually vest, which is reassessed at each reporting 
date.  The fair value is expensed on a straight-line basis over 
the vesting period.  The vesting period is the period that the 
employees have to remain in service in Nordea in order for 
their rights to vest.  Market performance conditions in Perfor-
mance Share II are reflected as a probability adjustment to 
the initial estimate of fair value at grant date.  There is no 
adjustment (true-up) for differences between estimated and 
actual vesting due to market conditions.  
Social security costs are also allocated over the vesting 
period.  The provision for social security costs is reassessed on 
each reporting date to ensure that the provision is based on 
the rights’ fair value at the reporting date.
For more information see Note G7 “Staff costs”.
Cash-settled programmes
Nordea has to defer payment of variable salaries under Nor-
dic FSA’s regulations and general guidelines, as is also the 
case with the Executive Incentive Programme (EIP).  The 
deferred amounts are to some extent indexed using Nordea’s 
TSR (Total Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” 
are cash-settled share-based programmes.  These pro-
grammes are fully vested when the payments of variable sal-
aries are initially deferred, and the fair value of the obligation 
is remeasured on a continuous basis.  The remeasurements 
are, together with the related social charges, recognised in 
the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”. 
For more information see Note G7 “Staff costs”.
27. Related party transactions
Nordea defines related parties as:
•	 Shareholders with significant influence
•	 Group undertakings
•	 Associated undertakings and joint ventures
•	 Key management personnel
•	 Other related parties
All transactions with related parties are made on an arm’s 
length basis, apart from loans granted to employees, see 
Note G7 “Staff costs”.
Shareholders with significant influence
Shareholders with significant influence are shareholders that 
have the power to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of Nordea but do not control those policies.
Group undertakings
For the definition of group undertakings see section 5 “Prin-
ciples of consolidation”. Further information on the undertak-
ings included in the Nordea Group is found in Note P21 
“Investments in group undertakings”.
Group internal transactions between legal entities are per-
formed according to arm’s length principles in conformity 
with OECD requirements on transfer pricing.  These transac-
tions are eliminated in the consolidated accounts.
Associated undertakings and joint ventures
For the definition of associated undertakings and joint ven-
tures, see section 5 “Principles of consolidation”. 
Further information on the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures included in the Nordea Group is found in 
Note G19 “Investments in associated undertakings and joint 
ventures”.
Key management personnel
Key management personnel include the following positions:
•	 The Board of Directors
•	 The Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
•	 The Group Executive Management (GEM)
For information about compensation, pensions and other 
transactions with key management personnel, see Note G7 
“Staff costs”. 
Other related parties
Other related parties comprise close family members to indi-
viduals in key management personnel.  Other related parties 
also include companies significantly influenced by key man-
agement personnel in Nordea Group as well as companies 
significantly influenced by close family members to these key 
management personnel.  Other related parties also include 
Nordea’s pension foundations.
Information concerning transactions between Nordea and 
other related parties is found in Note G45 “Related-party 
transactions”.
28. Presentation of disposal groups held for sale
Assets and liabilities related to disposal groups are presented 
on the separate balance sheet lines “Assets held for sale” and 
“Liabilities held for sale” respectively as from the classifica-
tion date.  Financial instruments continue to be measured 
under IAS 39, while non-financial assets are held at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value.  Comparative figures are 
not restated.
29. Exchange rates
Jan–Dec 2018
Jan–Dec 2017
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10. 2608
9. 6378
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10. 2330
9. 8438
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4533
7.4387
Balance sheet (at end of year)
7.4672
7.4449
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
9. 6033
9. 3317
Balance sheet (at end of year)
9. 9470
9. 8403
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
74. 0484
65. 9190
Balance sheet (at end of year)
79. 3826
69. 3920

--- Page 385 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
119
Annual Report 2018
Operating segments 
Measurement of Operating segments’ performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operat-
ing segments follow the information reported to the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as required by IFRS 8.  In 
Nordea the CODM has been defined as Group Executive 
Management.  The main differences compared to the section 
"Business area results" in this report are that the information 
for CODM is prepared using plan exchange rates and to that 
different allocation principles between operating segments 
have been applied.
Basis of segmentation
Compared with the 2017 Annual Report changes in the basis 
of segmentation were made following the decision to reorga-
nise the segment Business & Commercial Banking into new 
operating segments and also reorganise the Segment Whole-
sale Banking into new operating segements.  Commercial & 
Business Banking consists of the two new operating seg-
ments Business Banking and Business Banking Direct, instead 
of the earlier operating segments Commercial Banking and 
Business Banking.  In Wholesale Banking the earlier reported 
segment Shipping Offshore & Oil Sevices has been merged 
into Coporate & Investment Banking and the new segment 
Financial Institutions Group & International Banks has been 
established.  The changes are reflected in the reporting to the 
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and are consequent-
ly part of the segment reporting in Note G2.  Comparative fig-
ures have been restated accordingly.
Financial results are presented for the four main business 
areas Personal Banking, Commercial & Business Banking, 
Wholesale Banking and Wealth Management, with further 
breakdown on operating segments, and for the operating seg-
ment Group Finance & Treasury.  Other operating segments 
below the quantitative thresholds in IFRS 8 are included in 
Other operating segments.  Group functions and eliminations, 
as well as the result that is not fully allocated to any of the 
operating segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
Reportable Operating segments
Personal Banking serves Nordea’s household customers in the 
Nordic markets, through various channels offering a full range 
of financial services and solutions.  The business area includes 
advisory and service staff, channels, product units, back office 
and IT under a common strategy, operating model and gover-
nance across markets.  
Business Banking and Business Banking Direct work with a 
relationship-driven customer service model with a customer-
centric value proposition for Nordea’s corporate customers.  The 
business area also consists of Transaction Banking, which 
include Cards, Trade Finance and Cash Management, and 
Nordea Finance.  These units services both personal and corpo-
rate customers across the Nordea Group.   
Wholesale Banking provides banking and other financial 
solutions to large Nordic and international corporates as well as 
institutional and public companies.  The division Corporate & 
Investment Banking is a customer oriented organisation serving 
the largest globally operating corporates.  The division Financial 
Institutions Group & International Banks is responsible for 
Nordea's customers within the financial sector, and offers single 
products such as funds and equity products as well as consult-
ing services within asset allocation and fund sales.  Nordea 
Bank Russia offers a full range of bank services to corporate 
customers in Russia.  Capital Markets unallocated includes the 
result in Capital Markets which is not allocated to the main 
business areas.  
Asset & Wealth management provides high quality invest-
ment, savings and risk management products.  It also manages 
customers’ assets and gives financial advice to affluent and 
high net worth individuals as well as to institutional investors.  
The division Private Banking provides wealth planning, full-
scale investment advice, credit, and estate planning services to 
wealthy individuals, businesses and their owners, trusts and 
foundations.  The division Asset Management is responsible for 
all actively managed investment products including internally 
managed investment funds and mandates as well as selected 
externally managed funds, and for serving the institutional 
asset management customers.  Life & Pensions serves Nordea’s 
Retail Private Banking and corporate customers with a full 
range of pension, endowment and risk products as well as tai-
lor-made advice for bank distribution.  Life & Pensions unallo-
cated includes the result in Life & Pensions which is not allo-
cated to the main business areas.  
Group Finance & Treasury's main objective is to manage the 
Group's funding and to support the management and control of 
the Nordea Group.  The main income in Group Finance & Trea-
sury originates from Group Treasury & ALM.  
G2.  Segment reporting

--- Page 386 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
120
Annual Report 2018
Income statement 2018
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Commercial 
& Business 
Banking
Wholesale 
Banking
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment
Group 
­Finance & 
Treasury
Other 
 Operating 
segments
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,067
1,276
858
65
52
13
4,331
–7
4,324
Net fee and commission income
1,219
566
475
1,449
–19
0
3,690
–697
2,993
Net result from items at fair value
170
298
407
166
68
–14
1,095
–7
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
9
–
13
8
91
121
3
124
Other income
8
21
1
21
1
128
180
296
476
Total operating income
3,464
2,170
1,741
1,714
110
218
9,417
–412
9,005
- of which internal transactions1
–538
–247
–473
–16
1,227
47
0
–
–
Staff costs
–768
–439
–501
–458
–129
–25
–2,320
–678
–2,998
Other expenses
–1,005
–700
–352
–300
131
25
–2,201
802
–1,399
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible and 
intangible assets
–141
–15
–55
–9
–4
0
–224
–258
–482
Total operating expenses
–1,914
–1,154
–908
–767
–2
0
–4,745
–134
–4,879
Profit before loan losses
1,550
1,016
833
947
108
218
4,672
–546
4,126
Net loan losses
–79
–24
–92
–6
0
21
–180
7
–173
Operating profit  
1,471
992
741
941
108
239
4,492
–539
3,953
Income tax expense
–353
–238
–178
–226
–23
–58
–1,076
204
–872
Net profit for the year
1,118
754
563
715
85
181
3,416
–335
3,081
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2018, EURbn
Loans to the public2
143
82
49
7
–
1
282
26
308
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
69
41
36
9
–
1
156
9
165
Income statement 2017
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Commercial 
& Business 
Banking
Wholesale 
Banking
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment
Group 
­Finance & 
Treasury
Other 
 Operating 
segments
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,210
1,232
826
80
75
131
4,554
112
4,666
Net fee and commission income
1,295
649
552
1,577
–9
28
4,092
–723
3,369
Net result from items at fair value
49
255
628
291
97
9
1,329
–1
1,328
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
1
13
–
0
0
1
15
8
23
Other income
6
31
4
18
1
6
66
17
83
Total operating income
3,561
2,180
2,010
1,966
164
175
10,056
–587
9,469
- of which internal transactions1
–479
–253
–311
–7
1,058
–8
0
–
–
Staff costs
–792
–500
–597
–487
–127
–48
–2,551
–661
–3,212
Other expenses
–989
–727
–308
–334
140
–99
–2,317
695
–1,622
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible and 
intangible assets
–110
–14
–28
–12
0
0
–164
–104
–268
Total operating expenses
–1,891
–1,241
–933
–833
13
–147
–5,032
–70
–5,102
Profit before loan losses
1,670
939
1,077
1,133
177
28
5,024
–657
4,367
Net loan losses
–43
–84
–224
1
0
–11
–361
–8
–369
Operating profit  
1,627
855
853
1,134
177
17
4,663
–665
3,998
Income tax expense
–391
–205
–205
–261
–42
–4
–1,108
158
–950
Net profit for the year
1,236
650
648
873
135
13
3,555
–507
3,048
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2017, EURbn
Loans to the public2
141
80
48
8
–
4
281
29
310
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
68
41
40
10
–
4
163
9
172
1)	 IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments.  Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income and expense related 
to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Corporate Centre.  	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2)	The volumes are only disclosed separate for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker.		
	
	
	
	
	
	
G2.  Segment reporting, cont.

--- Page 387 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
121
Annual Report 2018
G2.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Personal Banking
Personal Bank-
ing Denmark
Personal Bank-
ing Finland
Personal Bank-
ing Norway
Personal Bank-
ing Sweden
Personal Bank-
ing Other1
Total Personal 
Banking 
Income statement, EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Net interest income 
576
637
424
441
375
366
709
770
–17
–4
2,067
2,210
Net fee and commission income
312
363
366
390
122
120
432
423
–13
–1
1,219
1,295
Net result from items at fair value
112
–6
18
21
14
11
25
20
1
3
170
49
Profit from associated undertakings accounted for 
under the equity method
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
1
0
1
Other income
–3
–2
1
4
2
1
5
1
3
2
8
6
Total operating income
997
992
809
856
513
498
1,171
1,214
–26
1
3,464
3,561
- of which internal transactions
–172
–113
–92
–73
–163
–179
–110
–116
–1
2
–538
–479
Staff costs
–201
–203
–129
–153
–84
–79
–153
–163
–201
–194
–768
–792
Other expenses
–384
–371
–333
–319
–166
–162
–387
–371
265
234 –1,005
–989
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges 
of tangible and intangible assets
–10
–14
–7
–7
–2
–3
–4
–5
–118
–81
–141
–110
Total operating expenses
–595
–588
–469
–479
–252
–244
–544
–539
–54
–41 –1,914 –1,891
Profit before loan losses
402
404
340
377
261
254
627
675
–80
–40
1,550
1,670
Net loan losses
–24
–4
–33
–12
–2
–4
–19
–17
–1
–6
–79
–43
Operating profit  
378
400
307
365
259
250
608
658
–81
–46
1,471
1,627
Income tax expense
–91
–96
–74
–88
–62
–60
–146
–158
20
11
–353
–391
Net profit for the year
287
304
233
277
197
190
462
500
–61
–35
1,118
1,236
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
36
36
32
32
29
27
46
46
–
–
143
141
Deposits and borrowings from the public
17
17
21
21
8
8
23
22
–
–
69
68
1)	 Personal Banking Other includes the areas COO, Products and HR.
Break-down of Commercial & Business Banking
Business Banking 
Business Banking Direct
Commercial & Business  
Banking Other1
Total Commercial  
& Business Banking 
Income statement, EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Net interest income 
1,045
1,008
206
214
25
10
1,276
1,232
Net fee and commission income
462
522
166
176
–62
–49
566
649
Net result from items at fair value
290
250
17
19
–9
–14
298
255
Profit from associated undertakings  
accounted for under the equity method
5
9
–
–
4
4
9
13
Other income
1
1
0
0
20
30
21
31
Total operating income
1,803
1,790
389
409
–22
–19
2,170
2,180
- of which internal transactions
–241
–258
–5
–3
–1
8
–247
–253
Staff costs
–170
–186
–51
–56
–218
–258
–439
–500
Other expenses
–664
–709
–195
–197
159
179
–700
–727
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–5
–5
–2
–2
–8
–7
–15
–14
Total operating expenses
–839
–900
–248
–255
–67
–86
–1,154
–1,241
Profit before loan losses
964
890
141
154
–89
–105
1,016
939
Net loan losses
–14
–88
–3
10
–7
–6
–24
–84
Operating profit  
950
802
138
164
–96
–111
992
855
Income tax expense
–228
–195
–33
–39
23
29
–238
–205
Net profit for the year
722
607
105
125
–73
–82
754
650
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
70
68
12
12
–
–
82
80
Deposits and borrowings from the public
30
30
11
11
–
–
41
41
1)	 Commercial & Business Banking Other includes the areas COO, Transaction Banking, Digital Banking and HR.

--- Page 388 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
122
Annual Report 2018
G2.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Wholesale Banking
Corporate  
& Investment 
Banking
Financial Institu-
tions Group & 
International 
Banks
Banking  
Russia
Capital Markets 
unallocated
Wholesale  
Banking Other1
Total Wholesale  
Banking
Income statement, EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Net interest income 
814
769
24
1
59
93
–4
–28
–35
–9
858
826
Net fee and commission income
399
455
133
150
11
16
–65
–69
–3
0
475
552
Net result from items at fair value
146
92
139
183
9
14
117
352
–4
–13
407
628
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Other income
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
3
1
4
Total operating income
1,359
1,316
296
334
79
123
49
256
–42
–19
1,741
2,010
- of which internal transactions
–314
–256
–42
–41
–54
–66
–58
55
–5
–3
–473
–311
Staff costs
–99
–101
–10
–8
–23
–31
–218
–272
–151
–185
–501
–597
Other expenses
–377
–384
–201
–218
–18
–17
92
146
152
165
–352
–308
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
0
0
0
–2
–3
0
0
–53
–25
–55
–28
Total operating expenses 
–476
–485
–211
–226
–43
–51
–126
–126
–52
–45
–908
–933
Profit before loan losses
883
831
85
108
36
72
–77
130
–94
–64
833
1,077
Net loan losses
–43
–203
0
0
–49
–20
0
0
0
–1
–92
–224
Operating profit  
840
628
85
108
–13
52
–77
130
–94
–65
741
853
Income tax expense
–201
–151
–20
–26
3
–13
19
–31
21
16
–178
–205
Net profit for the year
639
477
65
82
–10
39
–58
99
–73
–49
563
648
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
45
44
2
2
2
2
–
–
–
–
49
48
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
25
27
10
12
1
1
–
–
–
–
36
40
1)	 Wholesale Banking Other includes the areas International Divisions, COO and HR.
Break-down of Asset & Wealth Management
Private Banking
Asset ­Management
Life & Pensions 
­unallocated
Wealth Management 
Other1
Total Asset & Wealth 
Management
Income statement, EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Net interest income 
72
82
–3
0
0
0
–4
–2
65
80
Net fee and commission income
425
451
903
965
319
367
–198
–206
1,449
1,577
Net result from items at fair value
31
56
9
0
127
234
–1
1
166
291
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
0
0
0
0
13
0
0
0
13
0
Other income
5
5
9
10
11
13
–4
–10
21
18
Total operating income
533
594
918
975
470
614
–207
–217
1,714
1,966
- of which internal transactions
–13
–8
1
2
0
0
–4
–1
–16
–7
Staff costs
–162
–162
–165
–164
–85
–117
–46
–44
–458
–487
Other expenses
–213
–259
–131
–113
–68
–84
112
122
–300
–334
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
–1
–9
0
0
–6
–4
–2
1
–9
–12
Total operating expenses 
–376
–430
–296
–277
–159
–205
64
79
–767
–833
Profit before loan losses
157
164
622
698
311
409
–143
–138
947
1,133
Net loan losses
–6
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
–6
1
Operating profit  
151
165
622
698
311
409
–143
–138
941
1,134
Income tax expense
–36
–38
–149
–161
–75
–94
34
32
–226
–261
Net profit for the year
115
127
473
537
236
315
–109
–106
715
873
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
7
8
–
–
–
–
–
–
7
8
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
9
10
–
–
–
–
–
–
9
10
1)	 Wealth Management Other includes the areas Savings, COO and HR.

--- Page 389 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
123
Annual Report 2018
Total operating income split on product groups
EURm
2018
2017
Banking products
5,644
5,742
Capital Markets products
931
1,354
Savings products & Asset management
1,440
1,542
Life & Pensions
468
622
Other
522
209
Total
9,005
9,469
Banking products consists of three different product types.  
Account products includes account based products such as 
lending, deposits, cards and Netbank services.  Transaction prod-
ucts consists of cash management as well as trade and project 
finance services.  Financing products includes asset based 
financing through leasing, hire purchase and factoring as well as 
sales to finance partners such as dealers, vendors and retailers.  
     Capital Markets products contains financial instruments, or 
arrangements for financial instruments, that are available in the 
financial marketplace, including currencies, commodities, stocks 
and bonds.  
Savings products & Asset management includes Investment 
funds, Discretionary Management, Portfolio Advice, Equity Trad-
ing and Pension Accounts.  Investment Funds is a bundled prod-
uct where the fund company invests in stocks, bonds, derivatives 
or other standardised products on behalf of the fund's share-
holders.  Discretionary Management is a service providing the 
management of an investment portfolio on behalf of the cus-
tomer and Portfolio Advise is a service provided to support the 
customers' investment decisions.  
Life & Pensions includes life insurance and pension products 
and services.
Geographical information
Total operating  
income, EURm
Assets, EURbn
2018
2017
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Sweden
2,503
2,062
144
167
Finland 
1,729
1,963
133
104
Norway
1,660
1,688
86
103
Denmark
2,490
2,789
168
174
Other 
623
967
20
34
Total
9,005
9,469
551
582
Nordea’s main geographical markets comprise the Nordic 
countries.  Revenues and assets are distributed to geographi-
cal areas based on the location of the customers’ operations.  
Goodwill is allocated to different countries based on the loca-
tion of the business activities of the acquired entities.
G3.  Net interest income
Interest income
EURm
2018
2017
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method
5,843
6,132
Other interest income
1,410
1,443
Interest income
7,253
7,575
EURm
2018
2017
Loans to credit institutions
414
303
Loans to the public
5,857
6,230
Interest-bearing securities
429
418
Other interest income
553
624
Interest income1
7,253
7,575
1)	 Of which contingent leasing income amounts to EUR 70m (EUR 65m).  Contingent 
leasing income in Nordea consists of variable interest rates, excluding the fixed mar-
gin.  If the contingent leasing income decreases there will be an offsetting impact 
from lower funding expenses.
G2.  Segment reporting, cont.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Total ­operating 
income, EURm
Operating  
profit, EURm
Loans to 
 the public, EURbn
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public, EURbn
2018
2017
2018
2017
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Total Operating ­segments
9,417
10,056
4,492
4,663
282
281
156
163
Group functions1
31
25
–139
–203
–
–
–
–
Unallocated items
279
20
137
86
29
28
11
9
Eliminations
–7
–13
–
–
–
–
–
–
Differences in ­accounting policies2
–715
–619
–537
–548
–3
1
–2
0
Total
9,005
9,469
3,953
3,998
308
310
165
172
1)	 Consists of Group Risk Management and Control, Group Internal Audit, Chief of staff office, Group Corporate Centre and Group Compliance.   
2)	Impact from different classification of assets/liabilities held for sale, plan exchange rates and internal allocation principles used in the segment reporting.

--- Page 390 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
124
Annual Report 2018
Interest expense
EURm
2018
2017
Deposits by credit institutions
–272
–182
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–409
–367
Debt securities in issue  
–2,559
–2,583
Subordinated liabilities
–335
–337
Other interest expenses1
646
560
Interest expense
–2,929
–2,909
Net interest income 
4,324
4,666
1)	 The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value, related to Nordea´s 
funding.  This can have both a positive and negative impact on other interest expens-
es, for further information see Note G1 “Accounting policies“.
Interest from categories of financial instruments
EURm
2018
20171
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprensive income
253
274
Financial assets at amortised cost
5,675
5,858
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (related to hedging instruments)
–85
0
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method
5,843
6,132
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss
1,410
1,443
Other interest income
1,410
1,443
Interest income
7,253
7,575
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–3,046
–2,884
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss
117
–25
Interest expense 
–2,929
–2,909
1)	 The comparable figures for 2017 are based on the IAS 39 requirements but are com-
parable with the figures for 2018 which are based on IFRS 9 requirements.
 
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant  
portion of interest income.
G4.  Net fee and commission income
EURm
2018
2017
Asset management commissions
1,440
1,543
- of which income
1,741
1,883
- of which expense
–301
–340
Life & Pension
258
313
- of which income
290
372
- of which expense
–32
–59
Deposit Products
23
27
- of which income
23
27
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
173
224
- of which income
280
292
- of which expense
–107
–68
Custody and issuer services
49
59
- of which income
90
101
- of which expense
–41
–42
Payments
302
307
- of which income
419
434
- of which expense
–117
–127
Cards
218
228
- of which income
341
363
- of which expense
–123
–135
EURm
2018
2017
Lending Products
399
465
- of which income
425
487
- of which expense
–26
–22
Guarantees
116
143
- of which income
133
150
- of which expense
–17
–7
Other 
15
60
- of which income
104
123
- of which expense
–89
–63
Total
2,993
3,369
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest 
rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss amounts to EUR 383m (EUR 
450m).  	 	
Fee income, not included in determining the effective inter-
est rate, from fiduciary activities that result in the holding or 
investing of assets on behalf of customers amounts to EUR 
2,311m (EUR 2,547m).  The corresponding amounts for fee 
expenses is EUR –32m (EUR –59m).		
G3.  Net interest income, cont.

--- Page 391 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
125
Annual Report 2018
Break down by Business Areas
EURm, 2018
 Personal 
Banking
Commercial 
& Business 
Banking
Wholesale 
Banking
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
& Treasury
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
160
34
11
1,235
0
0
1,440
Life & Pension
51
22
4
181
0
0
258
Deposit Products
11
11
1
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
25
20
102
31
–5
0
173
Custody and issuer services
8
7
35
9
–10
0
49
Payments
88
163
55
0
–4
0
302
Cards
181
22
15
0
0
0
218
Lending Products
118
100
181
0
0
0
399
Guarantees
6
40
70
0
0
0
116
Other 
23
18
–3
–13
–1
–9
15
Total
671
437
471
1,443
–20
–9
2,993
G5.  Net result from items at fair value
EURm
2018
2017
Equity related instruments
226
370
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
684
712
Other financial instruments  
(including credit and commodities)
55
20
Investment properties 
0
–3
Life insurance1,2
123
229
Total
1,088
1,328
1)	 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note.  The line Life 
insurance consequently provides the true impact from the Life insurance operations.
2)	Premium income amounts to EUR 840m (EUR 2,833m)
Break-down of life insurance
EURm
2018
2017
Equity related instruments
–515
1,344
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
–65
715
Other financial instruments
0
4
Investment properties
125
195
Change in technical provisions
20
–2,056
Change in collective bonus potential
512
7
Insurance risk income
91
177
Insurance risk expense
–45
–157
Total
123
229
Net result from ­categories of financial instruments 
EURm
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
–45
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
–41
Financial liabilities designated at fair value throuh profit or loss
1,385
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss1
–1,885
Financial assets at amortised cost2
104
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
315
Foreign exchange gains/losses excluding currency hedges
512
Non-financial  assets and liabilities
743
Total
1,088
1)	 Of which amortised deferred day one profit amounts to EUR 39m.	
2)	Gain or loss recognised in the income statement arising from derecognition of finan-
cial assets measured at amortised cost amounts to EUR 53m of which EUR 53m  are 
gains and EUR 0m are losses.  The reason for derecognition is that the assets have 
been prepaid by the customer or sold.	
Net result from ­categories of financial instruments1
EURm
2017
Available for sale assets, realised
0
Financial instruments designated at fair value through 
profit or loss
33
Financial instruments held for trading2
434
Financial instruments under fair value hedge accounting
43
- of which net result on hedging instruments
–906
- of which net result on hedged items
949
Financial assets measured at amortised cost3
–2
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
–39
Foreign exchange gains/losses excluding currency hedges
635
Other
–5
Financial risk income, net Life insurance4
209
Insurance risk income, net Life insurance
20
Total
1,328
1)	 The figures disclosed for Life (financial risk income and insurance risk income) are 
disclosed on gross basis, i. e.  before eliminations of intra-group transactions.	
2)	Of which amortised deferred day one profits amounts to EUR 54m.	
3)	Of which EUR -2m related to instruments classified into the category “Loans and 
receivables” and EUR -m related to instruments classified into the category “Held to 
maturity”.	
4)	Premium income amounts to EUR 2,833m.	.
	
G4.  Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 392 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
126
Annual Report 2018
G6.  Other operating income
EURm
2018
2017
Divestments of shares1
385
7
Income from real estate
2
2
Sale of tangible and intangible assets
9
9
Other
80
65
Total
476
83
1)	 Gain related to sale of Nordea Liv & Pension Denmark EUR 262m, gain related to  
divestment of UC EUR 87m and sale of Ejendomme EUR 36m.
G7.  Staff costs
EURm
2018
2017
Salaries and remuneration (specification below)1
–2,361
–2,508
Pension costs (specification below)
–292
–302
Social security ­contributions
–434
–496
Other staff costs2
89
94
Total 
–2,998
–3,212
Salaries and remuneration
To executives3
- Fixed compensation and benefits
–22
–24
- Performance-related compensation
–11
–11
- Allocation to profit-sharing
0
0
Total
–33
–35
To other employees
–2,328
–2,473
Total
–2,361
–2,508
1)	 Of which allocation to profit-sharing 2018 EUR 57m (EUR 27m), consisting of a new 
allocation of EUR 46m (EUR 29m) and an adjustment related to prior years of EUR 
10m (EUR -2m).  	
	
	
	
	
2)	Including capitalisation of IT-project with EUR 190m (EUR 211m).	
3)	Executives include the Board of Directors (including deputies), CEO, deputy CEO, 
executive vice presidents and Group Executive Management in the parent company 
as well as the Board of Directors (including deputies), managing directors and exec-
utive vice presidents in operating group undertakings.  Former board members 
(including deputies), CEOs, deputy CEOs, managing directors and executive vice 
presidents, in the parent company and operating subsidiaries, are also included.  
Executives amount to 130 (150) individuals.  	
	
	
Pension costs1
EURm
2018
2017
Defined benefits plans (Note G32)2
–43
–44
Defined contribution plans
–249
–258
Total
–292
–302
1)	 Pension cost for executives, as defined in footnote 3 above, amounts to EUR 3m 
(EUR 3m) and pension obligations to EUR 13m (EUR 14m).        	
	
2)	Excluding social security contributions.  Including social security contributions  
EUR 54m (EUR 51m).  	
	
	
	
	
Remuneration to the Board of ­Directors1 
EUR
2018
2017
Chairman of the Board:
Björn Wahlroos
320,045
320,009
Vice Chairman of the Board:
Marie Ehrling3
–
42,682
Lars G Nordström
180,323
157,742
Other Board members2:
Tom Knutzen3
– 
30,896
Nigel Hinshelwood5
120,818 
– 
Torbjörn Magnusson5
91,552 
– 
Robin Lawther
127,879 
125,264
Sarah Russell
140,467 
134,804
Silvija Seres
121,435 
120,379
Kari Stadigh4
34,566 
137,351
Birger Steen
140,467 
134,804
Pernille Erenbjerg
121,434 
93,965
Lars Wollung4
29,882 
92,031
Maria Varsellona
121,434 
93,965
Total
1,550,302
1,483,892
1)	 The Board remuneration consists of a fixed annual fee and a fixed annual fee for 
committee work.  The fees are approved in EUR and paid out in four equal instal-
ments, in SEK up until the third quarter and in EUR for the fourth quarter.  For 
accounting purposes, the amounts paid out in SEK are converted back into EUR, 
using the average exchange rate each year.
2)	Employee representatives excluded.
3)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2017.
4)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2018.
5)	New member of the Board as from the AGM 2018.
Remuneration to the Board of Directors, CEO 
and Group Executive Management 
Board remuneration
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2018 resolved the annual 
remuneration to the Board of Directors (The Board) amount-
ing to for the Chairman EUR 294,600, to the Deputy Chairman 
EUR 141,300 and to other members EUR 91,950.  The annual 
remuneration was unchanged in comparison with 2017.
In addition, annual remuneration paid for board committee 
work on the Compliance Committee, the Board Audit Com-
mittee and the Board Risk Committee amounts to EUR 48,650 
for the committee chairmen and EUR 29,600 for the other 
members.  The remuneration for board committee work on 
the Board Remuneration Committee amounts to EUR 36,050 
for the committee chairman and EUR 25,750 for the other 
members.  
Separate remuneration is not paid to members who are 
employees of the Nordea Group.  
There are no commitments for severance pay, pension or 
other remuneration to the members of the Board, except for a 
pension commitment to one Board member previously 
employed by Nordea.
G7.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 393 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
127
Annual Report 2018
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer and Group Executive Management (excl. LTIP)
Fixed salary1
GEM Executive Incentive 
Programme2
Benefits1
Total
EUR
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Casper von Koskull3
1,334,678
1,354,462
691,000
735,925
92,571
24,744
2,118,249
2,115,131
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief  
Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen4
1,258,392
1,228,571
775,699
818,181
58,399
54,048
2,092,490
2,100,800
Group Executive Management (GEM):
9 (8) individuals excluding CEO and Deputy CEO5
5,600,291
5,273,893
3,298,847
3,625,087
86,987
99,802
8,986,125
8,998,782
Total
8,193,361
7,856,926
4,765,546
5,179,193
237,957
178,594
13,196,864
13,214,713 
1)	 The fixed salary is paid in local currencies and converted to EUR based on the average 
exchange rate each year.  The fixed salary includes holiday pay and car allowance where 
applicable.  Benefits are included at taxable values after salary deductions (if any).
2)	Up until 2012 the CEO and members of GEM were offered a Variable Salary Part (VSP) 
and a share based Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP).  Since 2013, a GEM Executive 
Incentive Programme (GEM EIP) has been offered.  The outcome from GEM EIP 2018 
has been expensed in full in 2018 but will be paid out over a five-year deferral period 
with forfeiture clauses compliant to remuneration regulations.  The GEM EIP 2018 is 
indexed with Nordea’s total shareholder return (TSR) excluding dividends during the 
deferral period.
3)	The annual fixed base salary as CEO is in 2018 SEK 13,054,000, converted to EUR 
1,354,462 as from 1 October 2018.  Benefits includes costs related to relocation to Finland 
of EUR 53,112.  
4)	The annual fixed base salary as Group COO and Deputy CEO is in 2018 DKK 8,560,000 
(EUR 1,148,487).  Car and holiday allowance amount to DKK 669,695 (EUR 89,852).   
Benefits 2017 have been restated.  
5)	Remuneration to GEM members is included for the period they have been appointed.  
On 28 February 2018 one GEM member left Nordea and one has resigned as GEM 
member by 30 November 2018, before leaving Nordea.  Three new GEM members were 
appointed during the year, on 1 March 2018, 1 September 2018 and 1 December 2018.
Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP) 2011–2012
Number of outstanding shares1
LTIP 2012
LTIP 2011
Total
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Casper von Koskull
19,312
7,501
26,813
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
17,912
6,712
24,624
Total
37,224
14,213
51,437
Former Chief Executive Officer (Former CEO):
Christian Clausen
27,413
10,362
37,775
Total
64,637
24,575
89,212
1)	 The LTIPs were fully expensed in May 2015.  All shares in LTIPs are fully vested and con-
sequently not conditional.  60% of the vested shares are deferred with forfeiture clauses 
in line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-year period, for LTIP 2011 
starting May 2014 and for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015.  The numbers of outstanding 
shares are presented as of 31 December 2018.  No other GEM members have outstand-
ing LTIP shares by 31 December 2018.
Salary and benefits
The BRC prepares alterations in salary levels and outcome of 
GEM Executive Incentive Programme (GEM EIP) as well as 
other changes in the remuneration package for the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO), the Group Chief Operating Officer 
and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy 
CEO) and members of Group Executive Management (GEM), 
for resolution by the Board.  
GEM EIP 2018, which is based on specific targets, can be a 
maximum of 100% of the fixed base salary.  In accordance 
with remuneration regulations 40% of GEM EIP 2018 will be 
paid out in 2019, 30% will be deferred to 2022 and 30% to 
2024.  When amounts are paid out 50% will be subject to 
retention for 12 months.  
Benefits include primarily car benefits, tax consultation and 
housing.  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Casper von Koskull was appointed CEO 1 November 2015.  The 
remuneration to the CEO consists of three components: Fixed 
salary, GEM Executive Incentive Programme (GEM EIP) and 
benefits.  
The annual fixed base salary as CEO was decided to be 
SEK 13,054,000 and was converted to EUR 1,354,462 as from 
1 October 2018.
GEM EIP 2018 is based on specific targets and can amount 
to a maximum of 100% of the fixed base salary.  For 2018 the 
outcome of the GEM EIP amounted to EUR 691,000.
The benefits for 2018 amounted to EUR 92,571 and include 
primarily car benefits and tax consultation, housing (as from  
1 October 2018) and costs related to relocation to Finland.  
The total earned remuneration for 2018, as CEO, based on 
the three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
2,118,249.
The CEO took part of the LTIPs from 2010 to 2012.   
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO) 
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen was appointed Group COO and 
Deputy CEO 1 November 2015.  The remuneration to the 
Group COO and Deputy CEO consists of three components: 
Fixed salary, GEM EIP and benefits.  
The annual fixed base salary as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO was decided to be DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 1,148,487).
GEM EIP 2018 is based on specific targets and can amount 
to a maximum of 100% of the fixed base salary.  For 2018 the 
outcome of the GEM EIP amounted to EUR 775,699.
The benefits for 2018 amounted to EUR 58,399 and include 
primarily housing benefits.  
G7.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 394 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
128
Annual Report 2018
Pension expense and pension obligation
2018
2017
EUR
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Casper von Koskull
313,663
357,936
406,339
336,341
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief  
Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
344,546
–
345,224
–
Group Executive Management (GEM):
9 (8) individuals excluding CEO and Deputy CEO3
872,073
777,583
870,088
649,295
Board members4:
Lars G Nordström
–
312,465
–
324,843
Total
1,530,282
1,447,984
1,621,651
1,310,479
Former Chairman of the Board and CEO:
Vesa Vaino5
–
4,844,682
–
5,215,266
Total
1,530,282
6,292,666
1,621,651
6,525,745
1) The pension expense is related to pension premiums paid in defined contribution agree-
ments and pension rights earned during the year in defined benefit agreements (Cur-
rent service cost and Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19).  Of the total 
pension expense EUR 1,471,537 (EUR 1,593,796) relates to defined contribution agree-
ments.  Contributions to the Finnish statutory pension schemes are reported as part of 
the social charges and thus excluded from the above disclosure.
2) The pension obligation (value of defined benefit pension plan liabilities) is calculated in 
accordance with IAS 19.  The obligation is dependent on changes in actuarial assump-
tions and inter annual variations can therefore be significant.  IAS 19 includes an 
assumption about future increases in salary, which leads to that the pension obligations 
disclosed are the earned pension rights calculated using the expected salary levels at 
retirement.  The pension plans are funded, meaning that these obligations are backed 
with plan assets with fair value generally on a similar level as the obligations.  
3) Members of GEM included for the period they are appointed.  The pension obligation is 
the value of pension liabilities towards three Swedish GEM members as of 31 December 
2018.
4) Employee representatives excluded.  The pension obligation is in accordance with the 
collective pension agreement BTP2 and earned during the employment period for one 
Swedish board member.  
5) The pension obligation for Former Chairman of the Board and CEO is mainly due to 
defined benefit pension rights earned in, and funded by, banks forming Nordea.  The 
decrease in the pension obligation is mainly due to pension payments in 2018.
The total earned remuneration for 2018, as Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 2,092,490.
The Group COO and Deputy CEO took part of the LTIPs 
until 2012.   
Pension 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
During the period 1 January 2018 to 30 September 2018 the 
CEO had a defined contribution plan in accordance with the 
Swedish collective agreement BTP1, with a complementing 
defined contribution plan on top of the collective agreement.  
The pension contribution in total was 30% of the fixed salary.  
Following the re-domiciliation to Finland the CEO is, as from 1 
October 2018, covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition has a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8. 5% of the fixed salary.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (Group COO and Deputy CEO) 
The Group COO and Deputy CEO has a defined contribution 
plan.  The pension contribution is 30% of the fixed base salary.
Group Executive Management (GEM)
The pension agreements for the other GEM members vary 
according to local country practices.  Pension agreements are 
defined contribution plans or a combination of defined contri-
bution and defined benefit plans.  
As per 31 December 2018 three members have pensions in 
accordance with the Swedish collective agreement, one in 
BTP1 (defined contribution plan) and two in BTP2 (defined 
benefit plan), with complementing defined contribution plans 
on top of the collective agreement.  The pension contribution 
is in total 30% of the fixed salary.  
One member has pension in accordance with the local 
country statutory pension system in Finland.  According to the 
statutory pension rules the part of GEM EIP 2017 outcome 
paid or retained in 2018 is included in the pensionable income 
Three members have a defined contribution plan in accor-
dance with local practises in Denmark.  The pension contribu-
tion is in total 30% of the fixed base salary.  
Two members do not have a pension agreement with 
Nordea.
Notice period and severance pay
In accordance with the employment contract the CEO has a 
notice period of 12 months and Nordea a notice period of 12 
months.  The CEO has a severance pay equal to 12 months’ 
salary to be reduced by the salary he receives from another 
employment during these 12 months.
The Group COO and Deputy CEO and nine GEM members 
have a notice period of 6 months and Nordea a notice period 
of 12 months.  A severance pay of up to 12 months’ salary is 
provided to be reduced by the salary the executive receives 
from another employment during the severance pay period.  
Additional disclosures on remuneration 
The Board of Directors report includes a separate section on 
remuneration, page 79.
Additional disclosures for all Nordea employees will be pub-
lished in a separate report on www. nordea. com no later than 
one week before the Annual General Meeting 28 March 2019.  
G7.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 395 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
129
Annual Report 2018
G7.  Staff costs, cont. 
Long Term Incentive Programmes
2018
2017
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Rights LTIP 2012
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
147,251
441,753
147,251
221,561
664,683
221,561
Granted1
11,576
34,728
11,576
13,209
39,627
13,209
Forfeited
–
–
–
–4,521
–13,563
–4,521
Allotted
–89,522
–268,566
–89,522
–82,998
–248,994
–82,998
Outstanding at end of year2
69,305
207,915
69,305
147,251
441,753
147,251
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2011
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
75,642
126,385
34,038
151,138
252,526
68,011
Granted1
5,946
9,935
2,676
8,923
14,909
4,015
Forfeited
–
–
–
–4,517
–7,548
–2,033
Allotted
–40,794
–68,160
–18,357
–79,902
–133,502
–35,955
Outstanding at end of year2
40,794
68,160
18,357
75,642
126,385
34,038
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2010
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
19,193
20,275
8,634
41,311
43,640
18,585
Forfeited
–
–
–
–2,926
–3,091
–1,317
Allotted
–19,193
–20,275
–8,634
–19,192
–20,274
–8,634
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
19,193
20,275
8,634
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
1)	 Granted rights are compensation for dividend on the underlying Nordea share during the year.
2)	Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention requirements by the Nordic FSAs.  There is no execise price for the deferred rights.  
Cash-settled share-based payment transactions
Nordea operates share-linked deferrals on parts of variable 
compensation for certain employee categories, indexed with 
Nordea Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) and either trans-
ferred after three years or transferred in equal instalments 
over a three to five year period.  Since 2011 Nordea also oper-
ates TSR-linked retention on part of variable compensation for 
certain employee categories.  Due to that the allocation of vari-
able compensation is not finally decided during the current 
year, the deferred amount during the year in the table below 
relates to variable compensation earned the previous year.
In addition Nordea in 2013 introduced the Executive Incen-
tive Programme (“EIP”) which aims to strengthen Nordea’s 
capability to retain and recruit the best talents.  The aim is fur-
ther to stimulate the managers and key employees whose 
efforts have direct impact on Nordea’s result, profitability and 
Loans to key management personnel
Loans to key management personnel, as defined in Note G1 
section 27, amount to EUR 5m (EUR 4m).  Interest income on 
these loans amounts to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).
For key management personnel who are employed by 
Nordea the same credit terms apply as for other employees.  
In Norway the employee interest rate for loans is variable and 
was at 31 December 2018 1. 8%.  In Finland the employee inter-
est rate for loans corresponds to Nordea's funding cost with a 
margin of 30 basis points up to EUR 0. 4m, and 60 basis points 
on the part that exceeds EUR 0. 4m.  In Sweden the employee 
interest rate on fixed- and variable interest rate loans is 215 
basis points lower than the corresponding interest rate for 
external customers (with a lower limit of 50 basis points).  
There is currently a cap of 50 Swedish price base amounts 
both on fixed- and variable interest rate loans.  For interest on 
loans above the defined caps, the same terms apply as for 
premium customers.  Loans to family members of key man-
agement personnel are granted on normal market terms, as 
well as loans to key management personnel who are not 
employed by Nordea.
long term value growth.  EIP reward performance meeting 
agreed predetermined targets on Group, business unit and 
individual level.  The effect on the long term result is to be 
considered when determining the targets.  The EIP shall not 
exceed the fixed salary.  EIP shall be paid in the form of cash 
and be subject to TSR-indexation, deferral, forfeiture clauses 
and retention as per relevant remuneration regulations.  The 
main part of EIP 2018 is paid no earlier than autumn 2022.  
Participation in the programme is offered to up to 400 man-
agers and key employees, except GEM who are instead 
offered a GEM EIP (further information about the GEM EIP 
can be found in the Remuneration section in the Board of 
Director’s Report), within the Nordea Group.  EIP is offered 
instead of Nordea’s LTIP and VSP for the invited employees.  
The allocation of the EIP 2018 is decided during spring 2019, 
and a reservation of EUR 35m excl.  social costs is made 2018.

--- Page 396 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
130
Annual Report 2018
G7.  Staff costs, cont. 
80% of the allocated amount will be subject to 
TSR-indexation.
The below table only includes deferred amounts indexed 
with Nordea TSR.  EIP has been included as from 2014, when 
deferred.  Further information regarding all deferred amounts 
can be found in the separate report on remuneration pub-
lished on Nordea’s homepage (www. nordea. com).		
Share linked deferrals
EURm
2018
2017
Opening balance
109
110
Reclassification to liabilities held for sale
–
–1
Deferred/earned during the year
45
49
TSR indexation during the year
–15
1
Payments during the year
–49
–48
Translation differences
–1
–2
Closing balance
89
109
1)	 Relates to a reclassification to liabilities held for sale.	
Gender distribution
In the parent company´s Board of Directors 50% (50%) were 
men and 50% (50%) were women.  In the Board of Directors
 
Average number of employees, Full-time equivalents
Total
Men
Women
2018
2017
2018
2017
2018
2017
Denmark 
8,505
9,136
4,826
5,417
3,679
3,719
Sweden
7,055
7,462
3,494
3,851
3,561
3,611
Finland
6,459
7,032
2,404
2,622
4,055
4,410
Norway
2,962
3,127
1,598
1,758
1,364
1,369
Poland
2,980
2,060
1,636
1,044
1,344
1,016
Russia
396
606
148
207
248
399
Estonia
253
502
78
116
175
386
Latvia
–
364
–
161
–
203
Luxembourg
434
451
245
254
189
197
Lithuania
–
305
–
117
–
188
United States
116
123
56
61
60
62
Singapore
75
81
32
37
43
44
United Kingdom
58
68
35
39
23
29
Germany
44
43
26
23
18
20
China
29
31
12
13
17
18
Switzerland
10
22
5
14
5
8
Italy
9
9
6
6
3
3
Spain
5
7
3
5
2
2
Brazil
2
5
2
5
–
0
France
3
3
3
3
–
0
Total average
29,395
31,437
14,609
15,753
14,786
15,684
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period
28,990
30,399
of the Nordea Group companies, 70% (73%) were men and 
30% (27%) were women.  The corresponding numbers for 
Other executives were 72% (73%) men and 28% (27%) 
women.  
Internal Boards consist mainly of management in 
Nordea, employee representatives excluded.

--- Page 397 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
131
Annual Report 2018
G8.  Other expenses
EURm
2018
2017
Information technology 
–484
–565
Marketing and representation
–60
–66
Postage, transportation, telephone  
and office expenses
–83
–101
Rents, premises and real estate
–312
–309
Other
–460
–581
Total
–1,399
–1,622
Auditors’ fees 
EURm
2018
2017
PricewaterhouseCoopers1
Auditing assignments
–10
–7
Audit-related services
–1
–1
Tax advisory services
0
–1
Other assignments
–1
–2
Total
–12
–11
1)	 Of which Tax services EUR 0m (EUR 0.1m) and Other assignments EUR 0. 5m (EUR 
0,4m) refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy in year 2018 and Öhrlings Pricewater-
houseCoopers AB in year 2017.
G10.  Net loan losses
Based on IFRS 9
EURm, 2018  
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
3
–14
–5
–16
Net loan losses, stage 2
10
51
–10
51
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
13
37
–15
35
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, model based1
3
–47
–1
–45
Realised loan losses
–1
–465
–13
–479
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
280
13
293
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
2
42
–
44
New/increase in provisions 
–
–494
–60
–554
Reversals of provisions
0
456
77
533
Net loan losses, defaulted
4
–228
16
–208
Net loan losses
17
–191
1
–173
Based on IAS 39
EURm, 2017  
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Realised loan losses
–
–426
–9
–435
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
300
9
309
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
–
54
–
54
New/increase in provisions 
–1
–908
–92
–1,001
Reversals of provisions
1
642
61
704
Net loan losses
0
–338
–31
–369
1)	 Includes individually identified assets where the provision has been caclulated based on statistical models.
2)	Provisions included in Note G13 "Loans and impairment".
3)	Provisions included in Note G31 "Provisions".
 
G9.  Depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment charges of 
tangible and intangible assets
EURm
2018
2017
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
–113
–106
Intangible assets 
–194
–157
Total
–307
–263
Impairment charges
Intangible assets 
–175
–5
Total
–175
–5
Total
–482
–268

--- Page 398 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
132
Annual Report 2018
G11.  Taxes
Income tax expense
EURm
2018
2017
Current tax
–891
–1,022
Deferred tax
19
72
Total
–872
–950
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehen-
sive income, see Statement of comprehensive income.
The tax on the Group’s operating profit differs from the 
theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate in  
Finland (2017: Sweden) as follows:
EURm
2018
2017
Profit before tax
3,953
3,998
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20. 0% (22. 0%) 
–791
–880
Effect of different tax rates in other countries
–175
–23
Interest on subordinated debt
–18
–55
Income from associated undertakings
0
0
Tax-exempt income
158
21
Non-deductible expenses
–30
–3
Adjustments relating to prior years
17
–12
Utilization of non-capitalized tax losses  
carry-forwards from previous periods 
0
2
Change of tax rate
10
–
Not creditable foreign taxes
–43
–
Tax charge
–872
–950
Average effective tax rate
22%
24%
Deferred tax
Deferred  
tax assets
Deferred  
tax liabilities
EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
Deferred tax related to:
Tax losses carry-forward
105
11
–
–
Loans to the public
36
29
363
367
Derivatives
2
16
355
238
Intangible assets
3
5
63
37
Investment properties
–
0
34
91
Retirement benefit  
assets/obligations
39
22
30
43
Liabilities/provisions
66
83
32
24
Foreign tax credits
101
61
–
–
Other
7
4
24
35
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities
–195
–113
–195
–113
Total
164
118
706
722
EURm
2018
2017 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses carry-forward with no expire 
date
44
44
Total
44
44
G12.  Earnings per share
2018
2017
Earnings:
Profit attributable to shareholders of Nordea 
Bank Abp (Nordea Bank AB (publ)), EURm
3,070
3,031
Number of shares (in millions):
Number of shares outstanding at beginning of 
year
4,050
4,050
Average number of own shares
–14
–12
Weighted average number of basic shares 
outstanding
4,036
4,038
Adjustment for diluted weighted average 
number of additional ordinary shares 
outstanding1
1
1
Weighted average number of diluted shares 
outstanding
4,037
4,039
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0. 76
0. 75
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0. 76
0. 75
1)	 Relates to the Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP).  For further information on 
these programmes, see Note G1 “Accounting policies” section 22.

--- Page 399 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
133
Annual Report 2018
G13.  Loans and impairment
EURm
31 Dec 20181
31 Dec 20172
Loans measured at fair value through profit and loss
77,521
76,766
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2)
247,204
243,045
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,581
6,068
- of which servicing
2,097
3,593
- of which non-servicing
2,484
2,475
Loans before allowances
329,306
325,879
- of which central banks and credit institutions
18,977
13,389
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3)
–1,599
–1,936
- of which servicing
–720
–1,103
- of which non-servicing
–879
–833
Allowances for not impaired loans (stage 1 and 2)
–441
–397
Allowances
–2,040
–2,333
- of which central banks and credit institutions
–15
–1
Loans, carrying amount
327,266
323,546
1)	 Based on IFRS 9.
2)	Based on IAS 39. Comparative figures for 2017 include impaired loans and allowance for loans measured at fair value. For 2018, these loans are not disclosed as impaired loans or 
allowances but rather as adjustments to fair value through "Net result from items at fair value" in the income statement.	
	
Nordea has granted EUR 138 bn (EUR 138 bn) in mortgage credits.  
No intermediary credits or public sector credits have been granted. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
11,161
88
6
11,255
218,421
14,040
5,397
237,858
229,582
14,128
5,403
249,113
Origination and acquisition
932
6
–
938
37,466
1,058
491
39,015
38,398
1,064
491
39,953
Transfers between stage 1 and 
stage 2, (net)
4
–4
–
0
–279
288
–
9
–275
284
0
9
Transfers between stage 2 and 
stage 3, (net)
–
0
0
0
–
–245
285
40
0
–245
285
40
Transfers between stage 1 and 
stage 3, (net)
0
–
0
0
–49
–
83
34
–49
0
83
34
Repayments and disposals
–2,808
–7
–11
–2,826 –45,978
–3,336
–1,462
–50,776 –48,786
–3,343
–1,473
–53,602
Write-offs
–
–
–1
–1
–
–
–466
–466
0
0
–467
–467
Other changes
5,922
–53
6
5,875
9,611
2,946
324
12,881
15,533
2,893
330
18,756
Translation differences
47
0
–
47
–2,032
–60
–6
–2,098
–1,985
–60
–6
–2,051
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785

--- Page 400 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
134
Annual Report 2018
Movement of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 20181
–8
–17
–7
–32
–125
–343
–1,809
–2,277
–133
–360
–1,816
–2,309
Origination and acquisition
–3
0
–
–3
–30
–21
–9
–60
–33
–21
–9
–63
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
–1
–
–1
7
–63
–
–56
7
–64
0
–57
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
0
–
–90
–90
0
0
–90
–90
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
5
–
5
–13
52
–
39
–13
57
0
44
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
16
–97
–81
0
16
–97
–81
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
2
2
–4
–
12
8
–4
0
14
10
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–7
73
66
0
–7
73
66
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
4
0
5
8
42
28
78
9
46
28
83
Repayments and disposals
5
1
2
8
16
36
34
86
21
37
36
94
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
280
280
0
0
280
280
Other changes
–
–
–
0
0
–
–22
–22
0
0
–22
–22
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
0
1
4
5
0
1
4
5
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
1)	 At the transition to IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018 Nordea reclassified EUR 177m from loans held at amortised cost and recognised an increasing remeasurement of EUR 153m. See Note 
G1 section 2 for more information.
Movements of allowance accounts for impaired loans
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Indi­vidually 
assessed
Collectively 
assessed
Total
Individually 
assessed
Collectively 
assessed
Total
Individually 
assessed
Collectively 
assessed
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2017
0
–2
–2
–1,913
–511
–2,424
–1,913
–513
–2,426
Provisions
–
–1
–1
–751
–157
–908
–751
–158
–909
Reversals of previous provisions
–
1
1
385
257
642
385
258
643
Changes through the income statement
0
0
0
–366
100
–266
–366
100
–266
Allowances used to cover realised loan 
losses
–
–
–
300
–
300
300
–
300
Reclassification
–
–
–
11
2
13
11
2
13
Translation differences
0
2
2
32
12
44
32
14
46
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2017
0
0
0
–1,936
–397
–2,333
–1,936
–397
–2,333
G13.  Loans and impairment, cont.

--- Page 401 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
135
Annual Report 2018
Rating/scoring information on loans measured at amortised cost
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD, 
%
Gross carrying amount 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
7
0.01
9,958
116
0
10,074
6+ / A+
0.03
50,773
192
1
50,966
6 / A
0.05
20,574
184
2
20,760
6– / A–
0.09
15,502
283
2
15,787
5+ / B+
0.10
15,538
478
2
16,018
5 / B
0.20
23,251
582
1
23,834
5– / B–
0.27
15,228
636
3
15,867
4+ / C+
0.49
17,516
725
5
18,246
4 / C
0.69
22,549
1,066
6
23,621
4– / C–
1.30
15,214
998
4
16,216
3+ / D+
3.24
4,844
1,605
13
6,462
3 / D
6.00
4,862
1,789
14
6,665
3– / D–
8.26
2,612
1,187
13
3,812
2+ / E+
10.91
1,708
1,169
67
2,944
2 / E
17.44
900
1,136
19
2,055
2– / E–
22.13
360
335
4
699
1+ / F+
32.82
223
262
13
498
1 / F
32.48
265
549
28
842
1– / F–
37.34
570
720
31
1,321
Standardised/Unrated
0.24
10,029
319
95
10,443
0+ / 0 / 0– (default)
100.00
211
186
4,258
4,655
Total
232,687
14,517
4,581
251,785
1)	 The stage classification and calculation provision for each exposure is based on the situation as per end of October 2018, while the exposure amount and rating grades are based on 
the situation as per end of December 2018. Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of December were not in default as per end of October, and 
hence this is reflected in the stage classification. 	
	
	
	
	
Key ratios1
31 Dec 20182
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross, basis points
182
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points
118
Total allowance rate (stage 1, 2 and 3), basis points
81
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), %
35
Allowances in relation to loans in stage 1 and 2, basis points
1
G13.  Loans and impairment, cont.
31 Dec 20173
Impairment rate, gross, basis points
186
Impairment rate, net, basis points
127
Total allowance rate, basis points
72
Allowances in relation to impaired loans, %
32
Total allowances in relation to impaired loans, %
38
Non-servicing loans, not impaired, EURm
253
1)	 For definitions, see Glossery on page 95.
2)	Based on IFRS 9.
3)	Based on IAS 39.
For additional information on credit risks, see Note G46 
"Credit risk disclosures".

--- Page 402 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
136
Annual Report 2018
G14.  Interest-bearing securities
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
State, municipalities and other public bodies
18,756
16,833
Mortgage institutions
28,077
27,214
Other credit institutions
24,736
26,107
Corporates
4,601
5,140
Other
52
–
Total
76,222
75,294
Provisions for credit risks amount to EUR 2m (EUR 0m).
G15.   Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
In repurchase transactions and in securities lending transac-
tions, non-cash assets are transferred as collateral. When the 
counterpart receiving the collateral has the right to sell or 
repledge the assets, the assets are reclassified in the balance 
sheet to the item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Interest-bearing securities
7,568
6,489
Total
7,568
6,489
For information on transferred assets and reverse repos, see 
Note G41 "Financial instruments set off on balance or subject 
to netting agreements".	
	
G16.  Shares
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Shares 
4,407
8,599
Fund units, equity related
5,679
5,954
Fund units, interest related
2,366
2,627
Total
12,452
17,180
- of which Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral (Note G15)
–
–
Total 
12,452
17,180
G17.  Assets and deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Assets
Interest-bearing securities
1,284
1,705
Shares and fund units
23,076
23,639
Properties
158
151
Other assets
65
384
Total
24,583
25,879
Liabilities
Pooled schemes
3,964
4,317
Unit linked investment contracts
21,689
22,016
Total
25,653
26,333
The Life Group and Nordea Denmark, branch of Nordea Bank 
AB, have assets and liabilities included on their balance sheet 
where customers are bearing the risk. Since the assets and 
liabilities legally belong to the entities, these assets and liabil-
ities are included on the Group’s balance sheet.

--- Page 403 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
137
Annual Report 2018
G18.  Derivatives and Hedge accounting
Nordea enters into derivatives for trading and risk manage-
ment purposes. Nordea may take positions with the expecta-
tion of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates or 
indices. The trading portfolio is treated as trading risk for risk 
management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management 
purposes include hedges that either meet the hedge account-
ing requirements or hedges that are economic hedges, but do 
not meet the hedge accounting requirements. The table below 
shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments 
together with their notional amounts. The notional amounts 
indicate the volume of transactions outstanding at the year 
end and are not indicative of either the market or credit risk.  
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
Fair value hedges
1,959
402
160,440
Cash flow hedges
1,143
437
20,795
Net investment hedges
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives
37,025
39,547
6,761,489
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
44,415
41,607
7,376,437
Fair value hedges
1,118
483
94,050
Cash flow hedges
525
590
15,654
Net investment hedges
53
33
9,219
Total derivatives
46,111
42,713
7,495,360
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
17,438
17,476
3,824,871
FRAs
26
8
1,036,172
Futures and forwards
25
27
137,399
Options
5,252
6,025
371,954
Total
22,741
23,536
5,370,396
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
192
138
10,886
Futures and forwards
4
2
1,255
Options
303
638
15,273
Total
499
778
27,414
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,214
9,076
397,180
Currency forwards
4,807
4,360
625,264
Options
108
116
19,879
Other
0
0
0
Total
10,129
13,552
1,042,323
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
536
756
130,921
Commodity derivatives
0
0
92
Other derivatives
10
2
564
Total
546
758
131,577
Total derivatives not used for 
hedge accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
23,589
19,804
4,827,481
FRAs
39
18
984,287
Futures and forwards
32
48
148,995
Options
6,421
6,285
324,604
Other
4
2
4,009
Total
30,085
26,157
6,289,376
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
113
150
11,301
Futures and forwards
3
6
1,147
Options
355
642
13,845
Total
471
798
26,293
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
6,203
7,816
352,287
Currency forwards
5,465
4,748
605,787
Options
150
107
23,485
Total
11,818
12,671
981,559
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
2,009
1,975
78,650
Commodity derivatives
3
3
235
Other derivatives
29
3
324
Total
2,041
1,981
79,209
Total derivatives not used for 
hedge accounting
44,415
41,607
7,376,437
Hedge Accounting
Risk management
Nordea manages its identified market risks according to the 
risk management framework and strategy described in the 
Market risk section in the chapter "Risk management" in the 
Board of Directors' report .
Nordea classifies its exposures to market risk into either 
trading (the Trading Book) or non-trading (the Banking Book) 
portfolios and are managed separately. 
The Trading Book consists of all positions in financial instru-
ments held by Nordea either with trading intent, or in order to 
hedge positions held with trading intent. Positions held “with 
trading intent” are those held intentionally for short-term 
resale or with the intention of benefiting from actual or 
expected short-term price differences between buying and 
selling prices, or from other price or interest rate variations. 
The Banking Book comprises all positions not held in the 
Trading Book. All hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are 
performed in the Banking Book. The hedging instruments and 
risks hedged are futher described below per risk and hedge 
accounting type.
Interest rate risk 
Nordea’s primary business model is to collect deposits and 
use these funds to provide loans and other funding products 
and debt instruments to its customers. Interest rate risk is the 
impact that changes in interest rates could have on Nordea’s 
margins, profit or loss, and equity. Interest risk arises from mis-
match of interest from interest bearing liabilities and assets 
such as deposits, issued debt, securities and loan portfolio. 
As part of Nordea’s risk management strategy, the Board

--- Page 404 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
138
Annual Report 2018
G18.  Derivatives and Hedge accounting, cont.
has established limits on the non-trading interest rate gaps 
for the interest rate sensitivities. These limits are consistent 
with Nordea’s risk appetite and Nordea aligns its hedge 
accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits. 
Nordea’s policy is to monitor positions on a daily basis. For 
further information on measurement of risks, see the Market 
risk section in the chapter "Risk management" in the Board of 
Directors' report .
 For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate 
risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one, and is established by matching the 
notional of the derivatives against the principle of the hedged 
item.
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present 
value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount 
curves. The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reli-
ably measurable and is typically the most significant compo-
nent of the overall change in fair value or cash flows.  
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or eliminate changes in the fair value of 
financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, Nordea enters into fair value hedging relation-
ships as described in Note G1 section 10. Nordea uses pay 
fixed/receive floating interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed 
rate debt instruments and loans and pay floating/receive 
fixed interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed rate liabilities.
 There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e. notional 
amount, maturity, payment and reset dates). 
The below table presents the accumulated fair value 
adjustments arising from continuing hedging relationships, 
irrespective of whether there has been a change in hedge 
designation during the year. 
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk
EURm
2018
2017
Fair value hedges
Carrying amount of hedged assets1
46,773
41,818
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
169
163
Carrying amount of hedged liabilties2
81,424
67,040 
- of which accumulated amount of fair value 
hedge adjustment3
1,273
1,450
1)	 Presented on the balance sheet rows Loans to central banks, Loan to credit  
institutions, Loans to the public, Interest-bearing securities and Fair value changes of 
the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
2)	Presented on the balance sheet rows Deposit by credit institutions, Deposit and  
borrowing from the public, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portoflio hedge of interest rate risk.
3)	Of which all relates to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk. 
The following table provides information about the hedging 
instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the bal-
ance sheet: 
Derivatives used for hedge accounting
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,959
402
160,440
Fair value
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,118
483
94,050
The below table presents the changes in the fair value of the 
hedged items and changes in fair value of the hedging instru-
ments used as the basis for recognising ineffectiveness. These 
changes are recognised on the row “Net result from items at 
fair value” in the income statement. 
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2018
2017
Fair value hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
–237
–906
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
194
949
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1
–43
43
1)	 Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
Cash flow hedges
For Nordea’s cash flow hedge accounting relationships, the 
hedged risk is the variability in future interest cash flows due 
to changes in market interest rates. In order to reduce or elim-
inate variability in future interest payments, Nordea primarily 
uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments according to 
Nordea’s policies and risk management strategy described in 
Note G1 section 10 and in the Market risk section in the chap-
ter "Risk management" in the Board of Directors' report.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the inter-
est rate swaps match the terms of the future interest cash 
flows (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges 
addressing interest rate risk including the notional and the 
carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the chang-
es in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions.  
Derivatives used for hedge accounting
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
6
0
190
Fair value
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
0
4
520

--- Page 405 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
139
Annual Report 2018
G18.  Derivatives and Hedge accounting, cont.
In the below table, the fair value adjustments arising from 
continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of whether 
there has been a change in hedge designation during the 
year, are specified.
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2018
2017
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
16
–4
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–16
4
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
16
–4
1) Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Interest rate risk
EURm
2018
2017
Balance at 1 Jan
–3
–
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
16
–4
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–3
1
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–6
–
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
1
–
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
8
–3
Total comprehensive income 
8
–3
Balance at 31 Dec
5
–3
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
5
–3
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–
The maturity profile of Nordea’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk (both fair value and cash flow hedge 
accounting) follows below:
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instrumens
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3-12 months
1-5  years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instrument hedging  interest rate risk 
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Net cash outflows
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3-12 months
1-5  years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instrument hedging  interest rate risk 
–
3,925
11,368
55,953
18,102
89,348
Net cash outflows
–
3,925
11,368
55,953
18,102
89,348
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.  For-
eign exchange risk (FX risk) from trading activities is limited 
through a VaR limit while FX risk from structural exposures are 
limited through a stress loss limit for the CET1-ratio impact 
from FX fluctuations in a severed but plausible stress scenario 
(see the Market risk section in the chapter "Risk manage-
ment" in the Board of Directors' report).
Nordea’s issuance of credits and borrowing can be denom-
inated in the currency of the borrower or investor. Borrowing, 
investing and lending are not always executed in the same 
currency and thus exposes Nordea to a foreign exchange risk. 
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist 
between different transactions are matched by predominant-
ly entering into cross currency interest rate swaps. The cur-
rency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of cur-
rency risk and the interest component as a fair value hedge  
of interest rate risk. 
In addition to the above, Nordea also has exposure to 
structural foreign currency risk through its foreign operations 
that have a functional currency other than Nordea’s presenta-
tion currency, EUR (i.e. a translation risk). Fluctuation of the 
spot exchange rates will cause Nordea’s reported net invest-
ment in foreign operations to vary and the CET1-ratio to fluc-
tuate from the currency mismatch between equity and Risk 
Exposure Amounts (REA). Nordea applies hedge accounting 
when it hedges its investments in fully consolidated foreign 
operations whose functional currency is not EUR. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, 
the hedged item is a foreign currency component. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notional 
of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.
The currency component is determined as the change in 
present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange 
curves. The foreign currency component is separately identifi-
able and reliably measurable and is typically the most signifi-
cant component of the overall change in fair value or cash 
flows.
Cash flow and net investment hedges 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow and net 
investment hedges addressing currency risks including the 
notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instru-
ments and the changes in fair values used for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and 
ineffective portions.

--- Page 406 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
140
Annual Report 2018
G18.  Derivatives and Hedge accounting, cont.
Derivatives used for hedge accounting
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
1,137
437
20,605
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
1,145
521
29,149
Fair value
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
525
586
15,134
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
53
33
9,219
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
578
619
24,353
In the below table, the fair value adjustments arising from 
continuing hedge relationships, irrespective of whether there 
has been a change in hedge designation during the year, are 
specified.  
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2018
2017
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
704
47
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–704
–47
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
704
47
Net investment hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
67
175
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–67
–175
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
67
175
1)	 Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.	
	
	
Cash flow hedge reserve
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2018
2017
Balance at 1 Jan 2018
–43
37
Cash flow hedges:
  Valuation gains/losses during the year
704
47
  Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–156
–20
  Transferred to the income statement during the year
–670
–150
  Tax on transfers to the income statement 
  during the year
148
43
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
26
–80
Total comprehensive income 
26
–80
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
–17
–43
  of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
–17
–43
  of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instrumens
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3-12 months
1-5  years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instrument hedging foreign exchange risk
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
Total
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3-12 months
1-5  years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instrument hedging foreign exchange risk
–
–
1,220 
25,402
2,953
29,575
Total
–
–
1,220
25,402
2,953
29,575

--- Page 407 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
141
Annual Report 2018
G19.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,237
590
Acquisitions during the year
335
972
Sales during the year
–3
–9
Share in earnings1
122
61
Dividend received
–23
–93
Reclassification
–28
–267
Translation differences
–37
–17
Acquisition value at end of year
1,603
1,237
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning 
of year
–2
–2
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–2
–2
Total
1,601
1,235
1)	 See table Share in earnings.
Share in earnings
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Profit from companies accounted for  
under the equity method 
124
23
Portfolio hedge, Eksportfinans ASA
–2
–3
Associated undertakings in Life insurance, 
reported as Net result from items at fair value
–
41
Share in earnings
122
61
Nordea’s share of the associated undertakings’ aggregated 
balance sheets and income statements can be summarised  
as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Total assets 
2,054
2,226
Net profit for the year
21
3
Other comprehensive income
0
0
Total comprehensive income
21
3
Nordea has issued contingent liabilities of EUR 26m (EUR 1m) 
on behalf of associated undertakings.		
	
Associated undertakings
31 Dec 2018
Registration number
Domicile
Carrying amount 
2018, EURm
Carrying amount 
2017, EURm
Voting power of 
holding %
Eksportfinans ASA
816521432
Oslo
161
172
23
Eiendomsverdi AS
881971682
Oslo
13
–
25
Suomen Luotto-osuuskunta
0201646-0
Helsinki
2
2
27
LR Realkredit A/S
26045304
Copenhagen
7
9
39
Nordea Liv & Pension, livforsikringsselskab A/S
24260577
Ballerup
326
–
30
E-nettet Holding A/S
28308019
Copenhagen
3
3
20
Mandrague Capital Partners AB
556854-2780
Stockholm
5
–
40
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy
0974651-1
Helsinki
7
8
33
PFC Technology AB
556851-3112
Stockholm
4
–
20
NF Fleet Oy
2006935-5
Espoo
9
9
20
NF Fleet AB
556692-3271
Stockholm
6
5
20
NF Fleet A/S
29185263
Copenhagen
4
5
20
NF Fleet AS
988906808
Oslo
3
2
20
Upplysningscentralen UC AB
556137-5113
Stockholm
–
3
26
Bankomat AB
556817-9716
Stockholm 
7
8
20
Visa Sweden
801020-5097
Stockholm 
6
29
–
Other
1
7
Total
564
262
Nordea's share of the joint ventures' aggregated balance sheets and income statements  
(excluding Luminor, see below) can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 20181
31 Dec 2017
Total assets  
345
252
Net profit for the year 
–4
–54
Other comprehensive income
0
1
Total comprehensive income
–4
–53
1)	 Estimate based on situation as of Q3 2018.

--- Page 408 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
142
Annual Report 2018
Joint ventures
31 Dec 2018
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying amount 
2018, EURm
Carrying amount 
2017, EURm
Voting power 
of holding %
Ownership %
Average number 
of FTE
Luminor Group AB1
559072-8316
Stockholm
1,037
973
50
56
3,000
Relacom Management AB1
556746-3103
Stockholm
–
–
61
61
3,000
Total
1,037
973
Total associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
1,601
1,235
1)	 The joint contol is based on a shareholders agreement where it is stated that decisions about all relevant activities in the entity is made in common.
G19.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
For information about investments in group undertaking and 
companies where Nordea has unlimited responsibility, see 
Note P21 "Investments in group undertakings".		
Nordea has one material joint venture, Luminor Group. The 
company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and DnB's 
business in the Baltics. Nordea has entered into an agreement 
to reduce the holding in Luminor Group to be executed in 
2019. At 31 Dec 2018, Nordea held 56.3% of the capital in 
Luminor but only 50.0% of the voting rights and thus report 
Luminor as a joint venture.	 	
	
	
	
Luminor is included in the consolidated accounts of Nordea 
via the equity method. Luminor applies IFRS in their consoli-
dated accounts and the balance sheet and income statements 
below are based on IFRS. The figures disclosed show the 
entire Luminor Group, not just Nordea's share.	 	
Balance sheet Luminor Group	
	
	
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks
3,275
2,620
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
204
574
Loans to the public
11,451
11,647
Interest-bearing securities
167
34
Derivatives
46
28
Other assets
167
191
Total assets
15,310
15,094
Liabilities and equity
Deposits by credit institutions
3,939
4,761
Deposits and borrowings from the public
9,073
8,430
Debt securities in issue
350
65
Derivatives
43
33
Other liabilities
107
91
Equity
1,799
1,714
Total liabilities and equity
15,310
15,094
Income statement Luminor Group
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 20171
Interest income
309
78
Interest expense
–39
–10
Net commission income
83
21
Net result from items at fair value
32
15
Other income
4
2
Total operating income
389
106
Staff costs
–114
–30
Other administrative expenses
–115
–48
Depreciation and amortisation
–14
–2
Net loan losses
–4
–19
Operating profit
142
7
Income tax expense
–14
–13
Net profit for the year
128
–6
Other comprehensive income
2
–2
Total comprehensive income
130
–4
1)	 The company existed for 3 months 2017.
Reconciliation of the carrying amount in Luminor
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Nordeas share of equity in Luminor
1,013
965
Transaction costs
23
23
Other
1
–15
Carrying amount of  
the holding in Luminor
1,037
973

--- Page 409 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
143
Annual Report 2018
Goodwill allocated to cash generating units1 
Banking Russia
–
161
Business Banking Denmark
141
141
Business Banking Norway
462
466
Business Banking Sweden
82
85
Corporate & Investment Banking Norway3
172
–
Life & Pensions, Norway2
–
128
Personal Banking Denmark
447
448
Personal Banking Norway2
388
263
Personal Banking Sweden
124
128
Shipping, Offshore & Oil services3
–
174
Total goodwill
1,816
1,994
Computer software
2,167
1,917
Other intangible assets 
52
72
Total intangible assets
4,035
3,983
1)	 Excluding goodwill in associated undertakings.	
	
2)	The goodwill allocated to Life & Pensions in 2017 have been reallocated to Personal 
Banking Norway in 2018 to better reflect where the cash flows are generated.
3)	The segment Shipping Offshore & Oil services has been merged with the segment 
Corporate & Institutional Banking Norway.	
	
Movements in goodwill
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,995
2,248
Reclassifications
–
–169
Translation differences
–37
–84
Acquisition value at end of year
1,958
1,995
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–1
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–141
–
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–142
–1
Total 
1,816
1,994
Movements in computer software
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,377
1,802
Acquisitions during the year
534
645
Sales/disposals during the year
–78
–
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–
–23
Translation differences
–45
–47
Acquisition value at end of year
2,788
2,377
Accumulated amortisation at beginning of year
–417
–315
Amortisation according to plan for the year
–162
–123
Accumulated amortisation on sales/disposals 
during the year
20
–
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–
8
Translation differences
11
13
Accumulated amortisation at end of year
–548
–417
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning 
of year
–43
–40
Impairment charges during the year
–32
–5
Translation differences
2
2
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–73
–43
Total
2,167
1,917
Impairment testing of goodwill and computer software
A cash generating unit, defined as the operating segment, is 
the basis for the impairment test. 
The impairment test is performed for each cash generating 
unit by comparing the carrying amount of the net assets, 
including goodwill and computer software under develop-
ment with the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount 
is the value in use and is estimated based on discounted cash 
flows. Due to the long-term nature of the investments, cash 
flows are expected to continue indefinitely.
Cash flows for the coming three years are based on finan-
cial forecasts. The forecasts are based on the Nordea macro 
economic outlook, including information on GDP growth, 
inflation and benchmark rates for relevant countries. Based 
on these macro forecasts, business areas project how  mar-
gins, volumes, sales and costs will develop the coming years. 
Credit losses are estimated using the long term average for 
the different business areas. This results in an income state-
ment for each year. The projected cash flow for each year is 
the forecasted net result in these income statements, reduced 
by the capital needed to grow the business in accordance 
with the long term growth assumptions. The projections take 
into consideration the major projects initiated in Nordea, e.g. 
the transformation program. There is also an allocation of 
central costs to business areas to make sure the cash flows 
for the CGUs include indirect costs. Tax costs are estimated 
based on the standard tax rate.  Cash flows for the period 
beyond the forecasting period are based on estimated sector 
growth rates. Growth rates are based on historical data, 
updated to reflect the current situation.
The derived cash flows are discounted at a rate based on 
the market’s long-term risk-free rate of interest and yield 
requirements.  The following growth rates and discount rates 
have been used:	
	
	
	
	
Discount rate1
Growth rate
EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
Sweden
6.6
7.1
2.0
1.8
Denmark
5.9
6.6
1.3
1.3
Finland
5.9
6.6
1.3
1.3
Norway
6.4
7.1
1.8
1.8
Russia
9.2
9.5
0.0
0.0
1)	 Post-tax
The impairment tests conducted in 2018 did not indicate any 
need for goodwill impairment, except for Russia as explained 
below. See also Note G1 "Accounting policies" section 4 for 
more information.  
An increase in the discount rate of 1 percentage point or a 
reduction in the future growth rate of 1 percentage point are 
considered to be reasonably possible changes in key assump-
tions. Such a change would not result in any impairment.	
Impairment
Due to the reduced business volumes in Nordea Russia com-
bined with a continued cautious strategy going forward, the 
value of the Russian business does no longer sustain the rec-
ognised goodwill stemming from a significantly higher busi-
ness volume and earnings level. Following this, Nordea has 
recognised an impairment loss of EUR 141m. With this impair-
ment, there is no longer any goodwill recognised in relation 
to the Russian operations. The impairment test is based on 
the value in use of the Russian operations and the estimated 
future cash flows have been discounted with a post-tax dis-
count rate of 9.2% (9.5%).	
	
	
The goodwill has been recognised in the segment Banking 
Russia, which is a separate segment within Wholesale Bank-
ing. The impairment expense is recognised as a reconciliation 
difference in Note G2 "Segment reporting".	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
G20.  Intangible assets
G20.  Intangible assets, cont.

--- Page 410 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
144
Annual Report 2018
G21.  Leasing
Nordea as a lessor
Finance leases
Nordea owns assets leased to customers under finance lease 
agreements. Finance lease agreements are reported as 
receivables from the lessee included in “Loans to the public” 
(see Note G13) at an amount equal to the net investment in 
the lease. The leased assets mainly comprise vehicles, 
machinery and other equipment.	
	
Reconciliation of gross investments and present value of 
future minimum lease payments:
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Gross investments 
6,436
6,547
Less unearned finance income  
–786
–815
Net investments in finance leases  
5,650
5,732
Less unguaranteed residual values accruing to 
the benefit of the lessor  
–34
–14
Present value of future minimum lease 
­payments receivable
5,614
5,718
Accumulated allowance for uncollectible 
­minimum lease payments receivable
8
3
As of 31 December 2018 the gross investment and the net 
investment by remaining maturity was distributed as follows:
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Gross 
investment
Net 
­investment
2019
1,791
1,507
2020
1,615
1,369
2021
1,348
1,196
2022
594
546
2023
503
479
Later years
585
553
Total
6,436
5,650
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases mainly comprise real 
estate, vehicles, aeroplanes and other equipment. On the 
­balance sheet they are reported as tangible assets.
Under non-cancellable operating leases, the future mini-
mum lease payments receivable are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2018
2019
1
2020
1
2021
1
2022
0
2023
–
Later years
–
Total
3
Nordea as a lessee
Finance leases
Nordea has only to a minor extent entered into finance lease 
agreements.
Operating leases 
Nordea has entered into operating lease agreements for 
premises and office equipment.
Leasing expenses during the year
EURm
2018
2017
Leasing expenses during the year
–218
–204
- of which minimum lease payments
–218
–197
- of which contingent rents
0
–7
Leasing income during the year regarding 
­sublease payments
4
4
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable  
operating leases amounted to and are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2018
2019
144
2020
121
2021
101
2022
88
2023
77
Later years
686
Total
1,217
Total sublease payments expected to be received under  
non-cancellable subleases amounts to EUR 12m.
G21.  Leasing, cont.

--- Page 411 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
145
Annual Report 2018
G22.  Investment properties
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Carrying amount at beginning of year
1,448
3,119
Acquisitions during the year
131
425
Sales/disposals during the year
–15
–179
Fair value adjustments
57
39
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
0
–2,043
Translation differences
–14
87
Carrying amount at end of year
1,607
1,448
Amounts recognised in the income statement1
EURm
2018
2017
Fair value ­adjustments
62
72
Rental income
85
159
Direct operating expenses that generate rental 
income
–21
–29
Direct operating expenses that did not  
generate rental income
–1
–10
Total
125
192
1)	 Included in Net result from items at fair value.
The method applied when calculating fair value is a rate of 
return calculation, based on internal models. As a supplement 
to these values, appraisals were obtained from independent 
external valuers for parts of the investment properties.
Approximately 75% of the investment properties are val-
ued using internal models based on a rate of return calcula-
tion. For the remaining 25% of the investment properties, 
appraisals were obtained from independent external valuers.
For further information regarding investment properties, 
see Note G40 "Assets and liablilities at fair value.	
G23.   Other assets
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Claims on securities settlement proceeds 
594
924
Cash/margin receivables
10,161
9,007
Other 
3,994
2,510
Total
14,749
12,441
G24.  Prepaid expenses and  
accrued income
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Accrued interest income 
272
297
Other accrued income
324
464
Prepaid expenses
717
702
Total
1,313
1,463
G25.  Deposits by credit institutions
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Central banks
16,456
13,751
Banks
21,579
18,401
Other credit institutions
4,384
7,831
Total
42,419
39,983
G26.   Deposits and borrowings 
from the public
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Deposits1
160,228
165,418
Repurchase agreements
4,730
7,016
Total
164,958
172,434
1)	 Deposits related to individual pension savings (IPS) are also included.
G27.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders are obligations related to insur-
ance contracts. These contracts are divided into contracts  
containing insurance risk and contracts without insurance 
risk. The latter are pure investments contracts.
Insurance contracts consists of Life insurance provisions 
and other insurance related items.
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Traditional life insurance provisions
6,187
6,264
- of which guaranteed provisions
6,110
6,178
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
77
86
Collective bonus potential
1,937
2,249
Unit-linked insurance provisions
6,375
6,922
- of which guaranteed provisions
0
0
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
6,375
6,922
Insurance claims provision
433
422
Provisions, Health & personal accident
69
74
Total Insurance contracts
15,001
15,931
Investment contracts
3,229
3,481
- of which guaranteed provisions
3,229
3,481
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
–
–
Total
18,230
19,412
Life insurance contracts are measured and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 4, i.e. the measurement and recognition 
principle under previous GAAP has been maintained conse-
quently resulting in non-uniform accounting policies method 
on consolidation. Each market represented by Nordic and 
European entities measures and recognises insurance con-
tracts using local accounting policies.

--- Page 412 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
146
Annual Report 2018
G27.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,264
2,249
6,922
422
74
3,481
19,412
Gross premiums written
94
–
340
–
–
132
566
Transfers
34
–
–34
–
–
–
0
Addition of interest/investment return
261
–
336
–
–
–97
500
Claims and benefits
–292
–
–606
12
–3
–262
–1,151
Expense loading inclusive addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–44
–
–
–28
–97
Change in provisions/bonus potential
144
–265
122
–
–1
–
0
Other
–242
–
–656
–
–
109
–789
Translation differences
–51
–47
–5
–1
–1
–106
–211
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
99%
71%
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
19,124
3,606
14,240
460
252
3,528
41,210
Gross premiums written
612
–
2,591
–
–
137
3,340
Transfers/reclassification1
–12,299
–1,179
–9,637
–44
–173
5
–23,327
Addition of interest/investment return
517
–
1,072
–
–
284
1,873
Claims and benefits
–1,262
–
–1,241
–16
–7
–271
–2,797
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–91
–
–95
–
–
–31
–217
Change in provisions/bonus potential
42
–121
79
26
6
–
32
Other
20
–
–47
–
–
–25
–52
Translation differences
–399
–57
–40
–4
–4
–146
–650
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,264
2,249
6,922
422
74
3,481
19,412
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
99%
72%
1)	 EUR 23,316m is related to a reclassification to “Assets held for sale”. See Note G42 for further information.
Insurance risks
Insurance risk is described in the “Risk, Liquidity and Capital management“ section of the Board of Directors’ Report.  
Additional quantitative information is found below
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life insurance operations, Sensitivites
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Effect on 
policyholders 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordeas 
Equity2
Effect on 
policyholders 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordeas 
Equity2
Mortality – increased living with 1 year
23.2
–17.9
23.4
–18.7
Mortality – decreased living with 1 year
–0.4
0.3
–0.5
0.4
Disability – 10% increase
8.9
–6.9
9.4
–7.5
Disability – 10% decrease
–6.3
4.9
–6.4
5.1
50 bp increase in interest rates
–287.3
–5.6
–266.1
–2.9
50 bp decrease in interest rates
288.7
5.6
266.9
2.9
12% decrease in all share prices
–680.8
–0.8
–724.1
–1.3
8% decrease in property value
–115.9
–0.8
–106.3
–0.6
8% loss on counterparts
–1.5
0.0
–4.7
0.0
1)	 + (plus) indicates that policyholders liabilities increase.
2)	– (minus) indicates that equity decrease.

--- Page 413 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
147
Annual Report 2018
G27.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
Liabilities to policyholders divided in guarantee levels (technical interest rate)
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
6,447
1,367
2,772
2,181
2,175
849
15,791
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,006
1,502
2,924
2,185
2,225
825
16,667
Risk profiles on insurance
Product
Risk types
Material effect
Traditional
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
Yes
Unit–Link
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Health and personal accident
Mortality
No
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Financial contract
Mortality
No
Disability
No
Return guaranties
Yes
G28.  Debt securities in issue
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Certificates of deposit
29,693
10,743
Commercial papers
17,078
24,441
Covered bonds
107,936
111,701
Senior Non Preferred bonds
2,440
–
Other bonds
33,227
32,186
Other 
48
43
Total
190,422
179,114
G29.  Other liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Liabilities on securities ­settlement proceeds 
1,617
3,055
Sold, not held, securities
12,495
13,400
Accounts payable
152
161
Cash/margin payables
4,289
8,857
Other
4,762
3,042
Total
23,315
28,515
G30.  Accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Accrued interest 
5
8
Other accrued expenses
1,423
1,357
Prepaid income
268
238
Total
1,696
1,603
G31.  Provisions
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Restructuring 
193
225
Guarantees/commitments
121
91
Other
7
13
Total
321
329
Provisions for restructuring costs have been utilised by EUR 
132m during 2018, and an increase of EUR 103m has been 
accounted for. The restructuring provision is related to the 
ongoing transformation of Nordea, including activities to 
close down Nordea's Luxembourg-based private banking 
business. Provisions are mainly expected to be utilised during 
2019 and as for any other provision there is an uncertainty 
around timing and amount. The uncertainty is expected to  
decrease as the plans are being executed.
Loan loss provisions off-balance sheet items amount to 
EUR 121m. More information on these provisions can be 
found below.
EURm
Restruc­turing
Other
At beginning of year
225
13
New provisions made
103
5
Provisions utilised
–123
–8
Reversals
–9
–3
Reclassifications
0
0
Translation differences
–3
0
At end of year
193
7

--- Page 414 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
148
Annual Report 2018
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 20181
17
48
74
139
Origination and acquisition
6
5
0
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–1
12
–
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–8
–
–6
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–1
8
7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–2
–2
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–2
–2
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
–2
–10
–5
–17
Repayments and disposals
–4
–5
0
–9
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–13
–13
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
18
41
62
121
1)	 The opening balance includes an adjustment of EUR 48m, due to implementation of IFRS9. More information is available in note G1 section 2.
Rating/scoring information on off balance sheet items
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
7
4,503
–
–
4,503
6+ / A+
12,559
5
0
12,564
6 / A
5,729
2
0
5,731
6– / A–
4,693
15
0
4,708
5+ / B+
7,563
54
0
7,617
5 / B
12,028
54
0
12,082
5– / B–
9,774
52
0
9,826
4+ / C+
9,042
136
0
9,178
4 / C
7,495
233
0
7,728
4– / C–
5,061
397
1
5,459
3+ / D+
1,652
705
0
2,357
3 / D
1,034
576
5
1,615
3– / D–
795
580
2
1,377
2+ / E+
214
290
3
507
2 / E
128
193
2
323
2– / E–
34
86
0
120
1+ / F+
35
65
1
101
1 / F
11
65
0
76
1– / F–
26
104
1
131
Standardised/Unrated
2,343
452
3
2,798
0+ / 0 / 0–
–
0
694
694
Total
84,719
4,064
712
89,495
G31.  Provisions, cont.

--- Page 415 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
149
Annual Report 2018
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Retirement benefit assets
246
250
Retirement benefit obligations
398
281
Net liability (–)/asset (+)
–152
–31
Nordea sponsors both defined contribution plans (DCP) and 
defined benefit plans (DBP). IAS 19 secures that the pension 
obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are 
reflected on the Group's balance sheet. The major plans in 
each country are funded schemes covered by assets in pen-
sion funds/foundations. 	
The plans are structured in accordance with local regula-
tions and legislations, local practice and, where applicable, 
collective agreements. Nordea's main DBPs in Sweden, Nor-
way and Finland are all employer financed final salary and 
service based pension plans providing pension benefits on 
top of the statutory systems. All DBPs are closed for new 
entrants, new employees are offered DCPs. DBPs in Sweden 
are mainly offered in accordance with collective agreements 
and follow the regulations in the Pension Obligations Vesting 
Act (Tryggandelagen). Plan assets are held in a separate pen-
sion foundation. In Norway the DBPs are in accordance with 
the Nordea Norway occupational pension plan and follow the 
Occupational Pension Act (Foretakspensjonloven).  In Nor-
way plan assets are also held by a separate pension fund. In 
Finland Nordea is providing additional pension benefits on 
top of the statutory system in accordance with the Nordea 
Finland occupational pension plan and follows the regula-
tions in the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL).  Plan assets are 
generally held in a separate pension foundation. Minimum 
funding requirements differ between plans but where such 
requirements are based on collective agreements or internal 
policies the funding requirement is generally that the pension 
obligations measured using local requirements shall be cov-
ered in full, with a predefined surplus or alternatively safe-
guarded by a credit insurance contract (Sweden only). Some 
pension plans are not covered by funding requirements and 
are generally unfunded. Quarterly assessments are made to 
monitor the likely level of future contributions.	
Defined benefit plans may impact Nordea via changes in 
the net present value of obligations and/or changes in the 
market value of plan assets. Changes in the obligation are 
most importantly driven by changes in assumptions on dis-
count rates (interest rates and credit spreads), inflation, salary 
increases, turnover and mortality as well as relevant experi-
ence adjustments where the actual outcome differs from the 
assumptions. Assets are invested in diversified portfolios as 
further disclosed below, with bond exposures mitigating the 
interest rate risk in the obligations and a fair amount of real 
assets (inflation protected) to reduce the long term inflation-
ary risk in liabilities.	
	
	
	
  
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions
Calculations on major plans are performed by external liabil-
ity calculators and are based on different actuarial 
assumptions.
Assumptions1
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
2018
Discount rate2
2.17%
2.82%
1.58%
1.80%
2.56%
Salary increase
3.00%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
2.00%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
2017
Discount rate2
2.49%
2.60%
1.41%
1.70%
2.31%
Salary increase
2.75%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
1.75%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
1)	 The assumptions disclosed for 2018 have an impact on the liability calculation by 
year-end 2018, while the assumptions disclosed for 2017 are used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2018. 	
	
	
	
2)	More information on the discount rate can be found in Note G1 "Accounting policies", 
section 23. The sensitivities to changes in the discount rate can be found below.	
3)	All pensions in Denmark are salary indexed. The inflation has hence no impact on the 
DBO. 	
	
	
	
	
4)	With CMI_2017 projections for 2018 calculations and CMI_2016 projections for 2017 
calculations.	
	
	
	
	
Sensitivities – Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
%
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Discount rate  
- Increase 50bps
–10.5%
–7.7%
–5.9%
–4.9%
–10.5%
Discount rate  
- Decrease 50bps
12.1%
8.7%
6.6%
5.4%
12.1%
Salary increase 
- Increase 50bps
3.8%
0.4%
0.4%
4.8%
–
Salary increase 
- Decrease 50bps
–2.8%
–0.4%
–0.4%
–4.5%
–
Inflation  
- Increase 50bps
10.3%
7.7%
4.9%
–
2.0%
Inflation  
- Decrease 50bps
–9.2%
–6.5%
–4.5%
–
–1.8%
Mortality  
- Increase 1 year
4.7%
3.5%
4.3%
5.5%
4.6%
Mortality  
- Decrease 1 year
–4.6%
–4.5%
–4.2%
–5.4%
–4.5%
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actuarial 
assumption while keeping the other assumptions unchanged. 
This is a simplified approach since the actuarial assumptions 
usually are correlated. However, it gives the possibility to isolate 
one effect from another. The method used for calculating the 
impact on the obligation is the same as when calculating the 
obligation accounted for in the financial statements. Compared 
with the 2017 Annual Report there have been changes in the 
methods used when preparing the sensitivity analysis in Swe-
den and Norway. The 2018 sensitivity analysis now include the 
impact on the liabilities held for future SWT (special wage tax) 
or SSC (social security contributions) in Sweden and Norway 
respectively. The method for calculation of sensitivities in the 
other countries is unchanged since 2017.
As all pensions in Denmark are salary indexed the inflation 
has no impact on the DBO in Denmark. 	
	
	
	
G32.  Retirement benefit obligations

--- Page 416 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
150
Annual Report 2018
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets
EURm
Swe 2018
Nor 2018
Fin 2018
Den 2018
UK 2018
Total 2018
Total 2017
Obligations
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
3,454
Plan assets
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
3,423
Net liability(­–)/asset(+)
–236
–63
102
26
19
–152
–31
- of which retirement benefit liabilities
238
156
3
1
–
398
281
- of which retirement benefit assets
2
93
105
27
19
246
250
Movements in the obligation
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,704
764
776
101
109
3,454
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Interest cost
40
19
9
2
3
73
Pensions paid
–68
–31
–43
–6
–17
–165
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–6
–
1
3
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Translation differences
–65
–4
–
0
–1
–70
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
34
–5
–
–
–
29
Closing balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
- of which relates to the active population
27%
14%
14%
–
–
20%
2017, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,524
869
800
103
138
3,434
Current service cost
25
6
3
–
–
34
Interest cost
41
22
12
2
3
80
Pensions paid
–70
–35
–40
–6
–17
–168
Past service cost and settlements
14
–5
0
–
–
9
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
45
–
–
–5
40
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
194
–70
10
4
–6
132
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
3
8
–9
–1
–
1
Translation differences
–52
–66
–
–1
–4
–123
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
25
–10
–
–
0
15
Closing balance
1,704
764
776
101
109
3,454
- of which relates to the active population
27%
14%
15%
–
–
20%
1)	 Change in provision for special wage tax (SWT) and social security contribution (SSC) in Sweden and Norway.
The average duration of the obligation is 18 (18) years in Sweden, 14 (15) years in Norway, 12 (15) years in Finland, 11 (11) years 
in Denmark and 22 (24) years in UK based on discounted cash flows. The fact that all DBPs are closed for new entrants leads 
to lower duration. The increase in average duration during the year is due to changed assumptions. 	
	
	
G32.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 417 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
151
Annual Report 2018
Movements in the fair value of plan assets
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,634
666
865
127
131
3,423
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
38
17
11
2
3
71
Pensions paid
–
–19
–43
–6
–17
–85
Settlement
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Contributions by employer
–
4
0
3
–
7
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
–5
20
–7
–3
–6
–1
Translation differences
–63
–7
0
–1
0
–71
Closing balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
2017, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,591
703
861
131
152
3,438
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
42
18
13
3
3
79
Pensions paid
–
–20
–40
–6
–17
–83
Contributions by employer
–
7
0
3
–
10
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
49
15
31
–4
–3
88
Translation differences
–48
–57
–
0
–4
–109
Closing balance
1,634
666
865
127
131
3,423
Asset composition
The combined return on assets in 2018 was 2.0% (4.9%). Asset 
returns across all asset classes were negatively impacted dur-
ing the latter part of the year, but remained overall positive. At 
the end of the year the equity exposure in Nordea´s pension 
funds/foundations represented 24% (28%) of total assets.
Asset composition in funded schemes
%
Swe 2018
Nor 2018
Fin 2018
Den 2018
UK 2018
Total 2018
Total 2017
Bonds
73%
59%
54%
87%
79%
66%
63%
- sovereign
38%
36%
29%
38%
79%
36%
34%
- covered bonds
21%
17%
5%
49%
0%
17%
13%
- corporate bonds
12%
5%
20%
0%
0%
12%
15%
- issued by Nordea entities
2%
1%
–
–
–
1%
1%
- with quoted market price in an active market
73%
59%
54%
87%
79%
66%
63%
Equity
24%
24%
28%
12%
21%
24%
28%
- domestic
6%
6%
7%
12%
6%
6%
7%
- European
6%
6%
7%
0%
7%
6%
8%
- US
6%
6%
8%
0%
7%
7%
8%
- emerging
6%
6%
6%
0%
1%
5%
5%
- Nordea shares
–
–
–
–
–
0%
0%
- with quoted market price in an active market
24%
24%
28%
12%
21%
24%
28%
Real estate1
0
14%
15%
0%
0%
7%
7%
- occupied by Nordea
–
–
5%
–
–
1%
1%
Cash and cash equivalents
3%
3%
3%
1%
0%
3%
2%
1)	 The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan.	
The Group expects to contribute EUR 4m to its defined benefit plans in 2019.
G32.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 418 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
152
Annual Report 2018
G32.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
Recognised in the income statement
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Net interest
2
2
–2
0
0
2
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–4
–
1
5
SWT/SSC1
8
3
–
–
–
11
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
37
18
–2
0
1
54
2017, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
25
6
3
–
–
34
Net interest
–1
4
–1
–1
0
1
Past service cost and settlements
14
–5
0
–
–
9
SWT/SSC1
7
0
–
–
–
7
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
5
2
–1
0
51
1)	 Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway. 
Recognised in other comprehensive income
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
5
–20
7
3
6
1
SWT/SSC1
44
–6
–
–
–
38
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
217
–38
–11
2
3
173
2017, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
45
–
–
–5
40
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
194
–70
10
4
–6
132
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
3
8
–9
–1
–
1
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–49
–15
–31
4
3
–88
SWT/SSC1
36
–6
–
–
–
30
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
184
–38
–30
7
–8
115
1)	 Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway. 
Defined benefit pension cost
The total net pension cost related to defined benefit plans 
recognised in the Group's income statement (as staff costs) 
for the year is EUR 54m (EUR 51m). Total pension costs com-
prise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to 
defined contribution plans (see specification in Note G7 "Staff 
costs").	 	
	
	
	
	
Compared with the pension cost 2017, excluding past service cost and related SWT and SSC, the pension cost has increased in 
2018 mainly as a consequence of the change of actuarial assumptions at the end of 2017. 
Multiemployer plans
In 2010 the Norwegian Parliament decided to change the AFP 
(Avtalefestet Pensjon) plan in Norway as from 2011. The 
change gave rise to a new multiemployer defined benefit 
plan that cannot be calculated as such, as information on 
Nordea's share of the liabilities and pension costs in the plan 
is not available from Fellesordningen (the administrator). 
Consequently the new AFP plan has to be accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan in accordance with IAS 19. Informa-
tion on the funded status in the plan is not available. 
The new AFP plan gives the entitled employees a lifelong 
addition to regular pensions from the age of 62. Further, the 
new scheme allows the employees to continue working while 
receiving AFP without this affecting the pension rights. The 
plan is founded on the basis of a three party cooperation

--- Page 419 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
153
Annual Report 2018
between employer organisations, employee organisations 
and the Norwegian government. The government covers one 
third of the pension expense to the AFP plan while the mem-
ber companies collectively cover the remaining two thirds of 
the pension expense. The premium the member firms are 
paying to the plan is determined to be sufficient to cover on-
going pension expenses as well to provide a basis for building 
up a pension fund. The purpose of the pension fund is to 
ensure sufficient ability to cover expected future pension 
obligations.
The premium rate for 2018 was 7.0% of the employees’ 
wages below 7.1 average base amounts and 18.0% of the 
employees' wages above 7.1 average base amounts. Average 
base amounts are defined in the Norwegian National Insur-
ance Act. The premium is calculated based on the average 
wages- and average base amounts from the previous year, 
excluding employees over the age of 61. Total premiums paid 
in 2018 amounts to EUR 14m. Payments to the plan during 
2018 covered 2,454 employees. The premium rate for 2019 
will be on the same level as for 2018. The expected premiums 
in 2019 amounts to EUR 14m. 
The employees that meet the requirements for AFP are 
guaranteed AFP payments regardless of the solvency of their 
employers. As a result the employer members have joint 
responsibility for two thirds of the payable pensions to the 
employees that at any given time meet the requirements for 
AFP. Any deficit or surplus on windup of the plan or entities’ 
withdrawal from the plan will not have any impact on 
Nordea.
Key management personnel
The Group’s total pension obligations regarding key manage-
ment personnel amounted to EUR 6m (EUR 7m) at the end of 
the year. These obligations are to a high degree covered by 
plan assets. Defined benefit pension costs (Current service 
cost as well as Past service cost and settlements as defined in 
IAS 19) related to key management personnel in 2018 were 
EUR 0m (EUR 0m). Complete information concerning key 
management personnel is disclosed in Note G7 "Staff costs".
G33.  Subordinated liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Dated subordinated debenture loans
6,603
5,947
Undated subordinated debenture loans
168
242
Hybrid capital loans
2,384
2,798
Total
9,155
8,987
These debenture loans are subordinated to other liabilities. 
Dated debenture loans entitle the lender to payment before 
undated subordinated loans and hybrid capital loans. Within 
each respective category, the loans entitle lenders to equal 
payment rights. 
G32.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
G34.  Assets pledged as 
security for own liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Securities etc1
23,465
25,881
Loans to the public
144,707
138,882
Other assets pledged
3,727
34,210
Total
171,899
198,973
The above pledges pertain to  
the following liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
13,062
14,575
Deposits and borrowings from the public
2,402
5,646
Derivatives
–
8,978
Debt securities in issue  
107,647
106,379
Other liabilities and commitments
2,587
24,408
Total
125,698
159,986
1)	 Relates only to securities recognised on the balance sheet. Securities borrowed or 
bought under reverse repurchase agreements are not recognised on the balance sheet 
and thus not included in the amount. Such transactions are disclosed in Note G43 
"Transferred assets and obtained collaterals".	
	
	
Assets pledged for own liabilities contain securities pledged 
as security in repurchase agreements and in securities lend-
ing. The transactions are conducted under standard agree-
ments employed by financial markets participants. Counter-
parts in those transactions are credit institutions and the pub-
lic. The transactions are typically short term with maturity 
within three months. 	
	
Securities in the Life operations are also pledged as secu-
rity for the corresponding insurance liabilities. 	
Loans to the public have been registered as collateral for 
issued covered bonds and mortgage bonds in line with local 
legislation. In the event of the company´s insolvency, the 
holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered 
as collateral.	
	
	
	
Other assets pledged relates to certificate of deposits 
pledged by Nordea to comply with authority requirements.  
G35.  Other Assets pledged 
Other assets pledged are mainly related to securities which 
includes interest-bearing securities pledged as securities for 
payment settlements within the central banks and clearing 
institutions (EUR 4,788m (EUR 4,923m)). The terms and con-
ditions require day to day securities and relate to liquidity 
intraday/over night. Collateral pledged on behalf of other 
items other than the company´s own liabilities, e.g. on behalf 
of a third party or on behalf of the company´s own contingent 
liabilities are also accounted for under this item.

--- Page 420 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
154
Annual Report 2018
G36.  Contingent liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Guarantees
- Loan guarantees
2,434
4,443
- Other guarantees
13,949
12,892
Documentary credits
1,433
1,639
Other contingent liabilities
3
46
Total
17,819
19,020
In the normal business Nordea issues various forms of guar-
antees in favour of Nordea's customers. Loan guarantees are 
given for customers to guarantee obligations in other credit- 
and pension institutions. Other guarantees consist mainly of 
commercial guarantees such as bid guarantees, advance pay-
ment guarantees, warranty guarantees and export related 
guarantees. Contingent liabilities also include unutilised irre-
vocable import documentary credits and confirmed export 
documentary credits. These transactions are part of the bank 
services and support Nordea´s customers. Guarantees and 
documentary credits are off-balance sheet items, unless there 
is a need for a provision to cover a probable loan loss that 
arises from the judgement that reimbursement will not be 
received. The table above includes all issued guarantees, also 
those where the possibility of an outflow of resources are 
considered to be remote. 	
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken, in relation to certain 
individuals and on certain conditions, to be responsible for 
the potential payment liability against them in their capacity 
as managing directors or board member in group undertak-
ings of Nordea Bank Abp.
A limited number of employees are entitled to severance 
pay if they are dismissed before reaching their normal retire-
ment age. For further disclosures, see Note G7 "Staff costs".
Legal proceedings
Within the framework of the normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts. Pres-
ently, none of the current disputes is considered likely to have 
any significant adverse effect on the Group or its financial 
position.
G37.  Commitments
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Unutilised overdraft facilities
29,626
29,956
Loan commitments
43,661
44,589
Future payment obligations 
100
1,441
Other commitments
1,092
1,046
Total
74,479
77,032
Reverse repurchase agreements are recognised on and derec-
ognised from the balance sheet on settlement date. Nordea 
has as per 31 December 2018 signed reverse repurchase 
agreements that have not yet been settled and consequently 
are not recognised on the balance sheet. On settlement date 
these reverse repurchase agreements will, to the utmost 
extent, replace existing reverse repurchase agreements not 
yet derecognised as per 31 December 2018. The net impact on 
the balance sheet is minor. These instruments have not been 
disclosed as commitments.
For information about credit commitments, see Note G1 
“Accounting policies”, section 25, about derivatives, see Note 
G18 "Derivatives and Hedge accounting" and about reverse 
repurchase agreements, see Note G43 "Transferred assets and 
obtained collaterals". 	
	
G38.  Capital adequacy
As from 2018 the Capital adequacy disclosures are not part of 
the financial statements. The disclosures for the Group can be 
found on page 262 and the disclosures for the parent com-
pany on page 274.

--- Page 421 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
155
Annual Report 2018
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings /
joint ventures
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
–
–
–
–
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
6,446
1,196
–
–
–
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
8,827
2,493
–
–
–
–
11,320
Loans to the public
234,471
73,833
–
–
–
–
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
3,384
32,682
7,134
–
33,022
–
76,222
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
7,026
–
–
542
–
7,568
Shares 
–
12,452
–
–
–
–
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
24,272
153
–
–
158
24,583
Derivatives
–
33,915
–
3,110
–
–
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
169
–
–
–
–
–
169
Investments in associated u­ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
1,601
1,601
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
4,035
4,035
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
546
546
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,607
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
164
164
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
284
284
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
246
246
Other assets
955
12,473
–
–
–
1,321
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
989
–
–
–
–
324
1,313
Total
296,819
200,342
7,287
3,110
33,564
10,286
551,408
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
­hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
33,933
8,486
–
–
–
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
158,433
6,525
–
–
–
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
–
14,996
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
135,644
–
54,778
–
–
190,422
Derivatives 
–
38,624
–
923
–
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,273
–
–
–
–
1,273
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
414
414
Other liabilities
989
17,828
–
–
4,498
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
273
–
–
–
1,423
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
706
706
Provisions
–
–
–
–
321
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
9,155
–
–
–
–
9,155
Total
339,700
71,463
83,665
923
22,756
518,507
G39.  Classification of financial instruments

--- Page 422 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
156
Annual Report 2018
Assets
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings /
joint ventures
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Loans and 
receivables
Held to 
maturity
Held for 
trading
Designated 
at fair value 
through 
profit or loss
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Available 
for sale
Assets 
held for 
sale
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
43,081
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
43,081
Loans to central banks 
4,487
–
309
–
–
–
–
–
4,796
Loans to credit institutions
6,768
–
1,824
–
–
–
–
–
8,592
Loans to the public
235,525
–
21,852
52,781
–
–
–
–
310,158
Interest-bearing securities
–
3,093
27,825
8,034
–
36,342
–
–
75,294
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
–
6,489
–
–
–
–
–
6,489
Shares 
–
–
5,254
11,926
–
–
–
–
17,180
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
–
–
25,728
–
–
151
–
25,879
Derivatives
–
–
44,415
–
1,696
–
–
–
46,111
Fair value changes of the hedged 
items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk
163
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
163
Investments in associated 
u­ndertakings and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
–
1,235
–
1,235
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,983
–
3,983
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
–
624
–
624
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
–
1,448
–
1,448
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
118
–
118
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
121
–
121
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
–
250
–
250
Other assets
1,523
–
10,272
–
–
–
646
–
12,441
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
999
–
–
–
–
–
464
–
1,463
Assets held for sale
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
22,186
22,186
Total
292,546
3,093
118,240
98,469
1,696
36,342
9,040
22,186
581,612
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss (FVPL)
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Held for 
trading
Designated 
at fair value 
through 
profit or loss
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Other 
financial 
liabilities
Non- 
financial 
liabilities
Liabilities 
held for 
sale
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
5,905
–
–
34,078
–
–
39,983
Deposits and borrowings from the public
9,075
29
–
163,330
–
–
172,434
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts
–
26,333
–
–
–
–
26,333
Liabilities to policyholders
–
3,486
–
–
15,926
–
19,412
Debt securities in issue1 
56,603
–
122,511
–
–
179,114
Derivatives1 
41,607
–
1,106
–
–
–
42,713
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge 
of interest rate risk
–
–
–
1,450
–
–
1,450
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
389
–
389
Other liabilities
24,421
–
–
2,833
1,261
–
28,515
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
–
–
–
246
1,357
–
1,603
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
722
–
722
Provisions
–
–
–
–
329
–
329
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
281
–
281
Subordinated liabilities
–
–
–
8,987
–
–
8,987
Liabilities held for sale
–
–
–
–
–
26,031
26,031
Total
81,008
86,451
1,106
333,435
20,265
26,031
548,296
G39.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.

--- Page 423 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
157
Annual Report 2018
Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
EURm
2018 
Financial 
assets
2017 
Loans
Carrying amount per end of year
7,287
52,781
Maximum exposure to credit risk per end of year
7,287
52,781
Nominal amount of credit derivatives used to 
mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk 
per end of the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, during the year
–
22
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, accumulated 
–
125
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
during the year
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
accumulated 
–
–
Assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair 
value option) per 31 December 2018 consist of all assets in 
Nordea Life and Pension held under investment contracts, 
EUR 7,134m. Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts in Life, EUR 153m, are per 31 December 
2018 designated at fair value through profit or loss. For more 
information see Note G1 section 13. Nordea does not disclose 
the effect of changes in credit risk on the fair values of these 
assets and the fair value change in related credit derivatives, 
as such changes in value will directly result in significantly the 
same change in carrying amount of the corresponding liabili-
ties to policyholders, i.e. there is no significant impact on the 
income statement or equity due to changes in credit risk of 
these assets in Life.	
	
	
	
Lending designated at fair value through profit or loss 
exposed to changes in credit risk 31 December 2017 consist of 
lending in the Danish group undertaking Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab, EUR 52,641m and lending in the Mar-
kets operation, EUR 140m. The fair value of lending in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab increased by EUR 22m in 2017 
due to changes in credit risk. The cumulative change per 31 
December 2017 since designation is a decrease of EUR 125m. 
The method used to estimate the amount of change in the fair 
value attributable to changes in credit risk is similar to the 
incurred loss impairment model for amortised cost assets 
under IAS 39. The lending in Markets is generally of such a 
short term nature (mainly overnight deposits) that the effect 
of changes in credit risk is not significant. 
	
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or 
loss per 31 december 2018 consist of issued bonds in the Dan-
ish group undertakings Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, 
EUR 51,616m (EUR 51,616m), issued structured bonds in Mar-
kets operation, EUR 3,162m (EUR 5,016m), deposits linked to 
the investment return of separate assets, EUR 3,964m (EUR 
4,317m) and investment contracts and pooled schemes in Life, 
EUR 24,923m (EUR 25,502m). For issued structured bonds in 
Markets, changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk is recognised in other comprehensive income and Nordea 
is calculating the change in own credit spread based on the 
change in Nordea’s funding spread by assuming the liquidity 
premium for the issuance to be constant over time. The 
change in the credit spread is estimated by comparing the 
value of the trades using the initial funding spread on issu-
ance date and actual funding spread on the reporting date. 
This model is assessed to provide the best estimate of the 
impact of own credit risk. The value of the investment con-
tracts in Life and asset linked deposits is directly linked to the 
assets in the contracts and there is consequently no effect 
from changes in own credit risk in these contracts.
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk of 
bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, is cal-
culated by determining the amount of changes in its fair 
value that is not attributable to changes in market conditions. 
The method used to estimate the amount of changes in mar-
ket conditions is based on relevant benchmark interest rates, 
which are the average yields on Danish and German (EUR) 
government bonds. This model is assessed to provide the 
best estimate of the impact of own credit risk. The changes in 
own credit risk on issued mortgage bonds in Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab are not recognised in other compre-
hensive income as that would create an accounting miss-
match with the corresponding change in fair value of the 
mortgage loans that is recognised in profit or loss. For this 
reason the whole change in the fair value of issued mortgage 
bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is recognised 
in the income statement. For the issued mortgage bonds a 
change in the liability's credit risk and price will have a corre-
sponding effect on the value of the loans as a change in the 
price of the bonds will be offset by the opposite change in the 
value of the prepayment option of the loans. 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
G39.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
2018
2017
EURm
Liabilities where 
changes in credit 
risk is presented 
in OCI
Liabilites where 
changes in credit 
risk is presented 
in profit or loss
Total
Liabilites where 
changes in credit 
risk is presented 
in profit or loss
Total
Carrying amount per end of the year
3,162
80,503
83,665
86,451
86,451
Amount to be paid at maturity1 
3,322
81,600
84,922
99,567
99,567
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk, 
during the year
20
–54
–34
78
78
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk, 
accumulated 
10
–550
–540
–496
–496
1)	 Liabilities to policyholders have no fixed maturities and there is no fixed amount to be paid. For these liabilities the amount disclosed to be paid at maturity has been set to the car-
rying amount.

--- Page 424 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
158
Annual Report 2018
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial assets
Cash and balances 
with central banks
41,578
41,578
43,081
43,081
Loans 
327,435
330,681
323,709
325,372
Interest-bearing  
securities
76,222
76,334
75,294
75,473
Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
7,568
7,568
6,489
6,489
Shares  
12,452
12,452
17,180
17,180
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
24,425
24,425
25,728
25,728
Derivatives
37,025
37,025
46,111
46,111
Other assets
13,428
13,428
11,795
11,795
Prepaid expenses  
and accrued income
989
989
999
999
Total
541,122
544,480
550,386
552,228
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt  
instruments
408,227
409,014
401,968
403,488
Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
25,653
25,653
26,333
26,333
Liabilities to 
­policyholders
3,234
3,234
3,486
3,486
Derivatives
39,547
39,547
42,713
42,713
Other liabilities 
18,817
18,817
27,254
27,254
Accrued expenses  
and prepaid income
273
273
246
246
Total
495,751
496,538
502,000
503,520
For information about valuation of items measured at fair 
value on the balance sheet, see Note G1 and the section 
“Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet” below. For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see 
the section “Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair 
value on the balance sheet” below.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
1,196
–
–
–
1,196
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,493
–
–
–
2,493
Loans to the public
–
–
73,833
–
–
–
73,833
Interest-bearing securities2 
30,947
3,896
49,130
3,393
329
4
80,406
Shares
10,159
8,381
596
595
1,697
916
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
24,167
20,692
227
227
189
189
24,583
Derivatives
70
–
35,917
89
1,038
–
37,025
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,588
1,607
Other assets
–
–
12,399
–
74
–
12,473
Total
65,343
32,969
175,791
4,304
4,934
2,697
246,068
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,486
–
–
–
8,486
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
6,525
–
–
–
6,525
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
21,689
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
3,234
–
–
3,234
Debt securities in issue
12,405
–
39,746
–
2,627
–
54,778
Derivatives
42
–
38,482
80
1,023
–
39,547
Other liabilities
7,192
–
10,622
–
14
–
17,828
Total
19,639
–
132,748
25,003
3,664
–
156,051
1)	 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)	Of which EUR 7,568m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 425 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
159
Annual Report 2018
Determination of fair value for items measured 
at fair value on the balance sheet
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at 
fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the 
IFRS fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest 
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation 
of these instruments is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the 
asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the 
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an on-going basis. This cat-
egory includes listed derivatives, listed equities, government 
bonds in developed countries, and most liquid mortgage 
bonds and corporate bonds where direct tradable price 
quotes exist.
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities that do not have directly quoted market prices avail-
able from active markets. The fair values are based on quoted 
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quot-
ed prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets 
that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated 
using valuation techniques or valuation models based on 
market prices or inputs prevailing at the balance sheet date 
and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant 
impact on the fair values. This is the case for the majority of 
Nordea’s OTC derivatives, securities purchased/sold under 
resale/repurchase agreements, securities borrowed/lent and 
other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models.
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of 
assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valua-
tion techniques or models supported by observable market 
prices or rates. This is generally the case for investments in 
unlisted securities, private equity funds, hedge funds, invest-
ment properties, more complex OTC derivatives where unob-
servable input have a significant impact on the fair values, 
certain complex or structured financial instruments and illiq-
uid interest bearing securities. Complex valuation models are 
generally characterised by the use of unobservable and 
model specific inputs.
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, 
make use of market prices and inputs. These market prices 
and inputs comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations 
etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while 
others are not. For most non-exotic currencies the interest 
rates are all observable, and implied volatilities and the cor-
relations of the interest rates and FX rates may be observable 
through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied vola-
tilities and correlations may also be observable for the most 
liquid equity instruments. For less liquid equity names the 
option market is fairly illiquid, and hence implied volatilities 
and correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the 
sensitivity towards unobservable parameters is measured. If 
the impact from unobservable parameters on the valuation is 
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
309
–
–
–
309
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
1,824
–
–
–
1,824
Loans to the public
–
–
74,633
–
–
–
74,633
Interest-bearing securities2 
27,889
3,469
50,633
4,555
168
5
78,690
Shares
13,629
8,986
1,967
1,965
1,584
927
17,180
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
24,016
20,120
1,521
1,521
342
342
25,879
Derivatives
56
–
44,544
242
1,511
–
46,111
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,448
1,437
1,448
Other assets
–
–
10,272
–
–
–
10,272
Total
65,590
32,575
185,703
8,283
5,053
2,711
256,346
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
5,905
14
–
–
5,905
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
9,104
–
–
–
9,104
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
26,333
22,016
–
–
26,333
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,486
3,486
–
–
3,486
Debt securities in issue
18,004
–
34,590
–
4,009
–
56,603
Derivatives
41
–
41,614
3
1,058
–
42,713
Other liabilities
8,701
–
15,720
–
–
–
24,421
Total
 26,746 
 – 
 136,752 
 25,519 
 5,067 
 – 
 168,565 
1)	 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)	Of which EUR 6,489m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.

--- Page 426 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
160
Annual Report 2018
significant the instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For interest-bearing securities the categorisation into the 
three levels are based on the internal pricing methodology. 
These instruments can either be directly quoted in active 
markets (Level 1) or measured using a methodology giving a 
quote based on observable inputs (Level 2). Level 3 bonds are 
characterised by illiquidity.
For OTC derivatives valuation models are used for estab-
lishing fair value. The models are usually in-house developed, 
and based on assumptions about the behaviour of the under-
lying asset and statistical scenario analysis. Most OTC deriva-
tives are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy 
implying that all significant model inputs are observable in 
active markets. 
Valuations of Private Equity Funds, Credit Funds and 
unlisted equity instruments are by nature more uncertain 
than valuations of more actively traded equity instruments. 
Emphasis is put on using a consistent approach across all 
assets and over time. The methods used are consistent with 
the guideline “International Private Equity and Venture Capi-
tal Valuation Guidelines” issued by IPEV Board. The guide-
lines are considered as best practice in the industry. For US 
based funds, similar methods are applied.
Nordea furthermore holds loans and issued debt securities 
in the subsidiary Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab at fair 
value. When Nordea grants mortgage loans to borrowers, in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at 
the same time issues debt securities with matching terms, so 
called “match funding”. Fair value of the issued debt securi-
ties is based on quoted prices. As the borrowers have the 
right to purchase debt securities issued by Nordea in the mar-
ket and return these as repayment for their loans, the fair 
value of the loans is the same as the fair value of the issued 
bonds (due to the revaluation of the repayment option 
embedded in the loan) adjusted for changes in the credit risk 
of the borrower and the fair value of the margin associated 
with each loan.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally 
calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individu-
al instruments. This calculation is supplemented by portfolio 
adjustments.
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valua-
tions. CVA and DVA reflect the impact on fair value from the 
counterparty´s credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality, 
respectively. Calculations are based on estimates of exposure 
at default, probability of default and recovery rates, on a 
counterparty basis. Generally, exposure at default for CVA and 
DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through 
the simulation of underlying risk factors. Where possible, 
Nordea obtains credit spreads from the credit default swap 
(CDS) market, and probabilities of defaults (PDs) are inferred 
from this data. For counterparties that do not have a liquid 
CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross sectional regression 
model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread 
given each counterparty's rating region and industry. 
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valua-
tion of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised deriva-
tives is recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment 
(FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measure-
ment close-out-cost valuation adjustments and model risk 
adjustments for identified model deficiencies.
Nordea has during 2018, changed the margin reset fre-
quency assumption in the fair value model covering a loan 
portfolio in Denmark. The change generated a pre-tax gain of 
EUR 135m accounted for as "Net result from items at fair 
value" in the income statement.
The fair value measurement of the investment properties 
takes into account a market participant's ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the investment properties in its 
highest and best use, i.e. taking into account the use of the 
investment properties that is physically possible, legally per-
missible and financially feasible. The current use of the 
investment properties in Nordea is in accordance with the 
highest and best use. The valuation of the investment proper-
ties is carried out taking into account the purpose and the 
nature of the property by using the most appropriate valua-
tion methods. The primary valuation approach is a discounted 
cash flow model using current cash flows, market interest 
rates and the current yield requirements.
Transfers between Level 1 and 2
During the year, Nordea transferred interest-bearing securi-
ties (including such financial instruments as pledged as col-
lateral) of EUR 6,778m (EUR 3,175m) from Level 1 to Level 2 
and EUR 3,169 (EUR 1,937) from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair 
value hierarchy. Nordea has also transferred derivative assets 
of EUR 4m (EUR 24m) and derivatives liabilities of EUR 2m 
(EUR 14m) from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea has also trans-
ferred debt securities in issue of EUR 7,534m (EUR 33,613m) 
from Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 384m (EUR -m) from Level 2 
to Level 1. Further Nordea transferred other liabilities from 
Level 1 to Level 2 of EUR 1,494m (EUR -m) and EUR 128m 
(EUR -m) from Level 2 to Level 1. The reason for the transfers 
from Level 1 to Level 2 was that the instruments ceased to be 
actively traded during the period and fair values have now 
been obtained using valuation techniques with observable 
market inputs. The reason for the transfer from Level 2 to 
Level 1 was that the instruments have again been actively 
traded during the period and reliable quoted prices are 
obtained in the market. Transfers between levels are consid-
ered to have occurred at the end of the year. The reason for 
the transfer from Level 1 to Level 2 of debt securities in issue 
of EUR 33,613m and interest-bearing securities of EUR 
1,046m during 2017 is an alignment of the classification pro-
cess for the government bonds and mortgage bonds across 
different business areas within Nordea.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 427 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
161
Annual Report 2018
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification
2017, EURm 
1 Jan 
2017
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2017
Interest-bearing 
­securities
210
1
7
–
28
–24
–1
–
–32
–20
–1
168
- of which Life
38
–
–
–
20
–
–
–
–32
–20
–1
5
Shares
3,785
9
–78
2
878
–692
–39
243
–47
–2,449
–28
1,584
- of which Life
3,185
7
–141
–
711
–521
–38
243
–47
–2,449
–23
927
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
155
–
6
–
37
–2
–2
152
–4
–
–
342
- of which Life 
155
–
6
–
37
–2
–2
152
–4
–
–
342
Derivatives (net)
400
–152
–45
–
–
–
152
98
–1
–
1
453
Investment properties
3,119
–4
–7
–
425
–148
–
–
–6
–1,879
–52
1,448
- of which Life
3,104
–
–6
–
420
–145
–
–
–6
–1,879
–51
1,437
Debt securities in issue
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
4,009
–
–
–
4,009
Movements in Level 3
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification
2018, EURm 
1 Jan 
2018
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2018
Interest-bearing 
­securities
168
–2
2
–
169
–9
2
–
–
–
–1
329
- of which Life
5
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
4
Shares
1,584
130
66
–
317
–333
–64
5
–
–3
–5
1,697
- of which Life
927
84
12
–
103
–135
–64
5
–
–
–16
916
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
- of which Life 
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
Derivatives (net)
453
–264
–431
–
–
18
246
3
–10
–
–
15
Other assets
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
68
–
–
–
74
- of which Life
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
40
–
–
–
40
Investment properties
1,448
–
57
–
131
–15
–
–
–
–
–14
1,607
- of which Life
1,437
–
57
–
113
–5
–
–
–
–
–14
1,588
Debt securities in issue
4,009
3
–585
–23
437
–
–1,215
1
–
–
–
2,627
Other Liabilities
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
14
–
–
–
14
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabili-
ties held at the end of the year. The reason for the transfer out 
of Level 3 was that observable market data became available. 
The reason for the transfer into Level 3 was that observable 
market data was no longer available. Transfers between lev-
els are considered to have occurred at the end of the year. 
Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during 
the year are included in "Net result from items at fair value" 
(see Note G5). Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are 
presented net.

--- Page 428 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
162
Annual Report 2018
The valuation processes for fair value measurements 
Financial instruments
The valuation process in Nordea consists of several steps. The 
first step is to determine the end of day (EOD) marking of 
mid-prices. It is the responsibility of the business areas to 
determine correct prices used for the valuation process. These 
prices are either internally marked prices set by a trading unit 
or externally sourced prices. The valuation prices and valua-
tion approaches are then controlled and tested by a valuation 
control function within the 1st line of defence, which is inde-
pendent from the risk taking units in the front office. The cor-
nerstone in the control process is the independent price veri-
fication (IPV). The IPV test comprises verification of the cor-
rectness of valuations by comparing the prices to 
independently sourced data. The result of the IPV is analysed 
and any findings are escalated as appropriate. The verifica-
tion of the correctness of prices and inputs is as minimum 
carried out on a monthly basis and is for many products car-
ried out daily. Third-party information, such as broker quotes 
and pricing services, is used as benchmark data in the verifi-
cation. The quality of the benchmark data is assessed on a 
regular basis. 
The valuation adjustment at portfolio level and the defer-
rals of day 1 P/L on Level 3 trades are calculated and reported 
on a monthly basis. The actual assessment of instruments in 
the fair value hierarchy is performed on a continuous basis. 
 Specialised teams within the unit Balance Sheet Risk Con-
trol (BSRC) are responsible for overseeing and independently 
assessing the valuations performed by the 1st line of defence. 
These teams are responsible for 2nd line of defence oversight 
for valuations, with independent reporting responsibilities 
towards the CRO and the BAC.
Investment properties
The main part of the investment properties in Nordea is held 
by Nordea Life and Pension (NLP). The valuation of the 
investment properties in NLP is performed quarterly by the 
real estate departments in each entity within NLP with full or 
partial assistance from external valuers. For the departments 
that use their own methodologies the changes in price levels 
of the properties are compared with valuations of similar 
properties assessed by external valuers. The result of the val-
uation is presented to, and approved by, the local manage-
ment in each entity. The CFO in each entity within NLP is 
responsible for the approval of the concepts and for the val-
ues used. The principles used in all entities are in accordance 
with regulations provided by the local Financial Supervisory 
Authorities (FSA) which are in accordance with international 
valuation principles and in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition there is an Investment Operation Committee 
(IOC) which is a joint forum focusing on valuation and 
accounting of investment operations issues within NLP.  
The entities within NLP report regularly to IOC and IOC report 
quarterly to the Nordea Group Valuation Committee.
Investment properties in NLP are backing the liabilities to 
policyholders in life insurance contracts, unit-linked contracts 
and investment contracts, which means that the impact on 
Nordea’s income statement and on shareholders’ equity 
depends on the financial buffers and the profit sharing agree-
ments in the actual unit that owns the property.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 429 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
163
Annual Report 2018
The table above shows, for each class of assets and liabilities 
categorised in Level 3, the fair value, the valuation techniques 
used to estimate the fair value, significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation techniques and for financial 
assets and liabilities the fair value sensitivity to changes in 
key assumptions. 
The column “range of fair value” in the tables above shows 
the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 financial instru-
ments to changes in key assumptions. Where the exposure to 
an unobservable parameter is offset across different instru-
ments only the net impact is disclosed in the table. The rang-
es disclosed are likely to be greater than the true uncertainty 
in fair value of these instruments, as it is unlikely in practice 
that all unobservable parameters would be simultaneously at 
the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possible alterna-
tives. The disclosure is neither predictive nor indicative of 
future movements in fair value. 
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
derivatives a range of different modelling approaches are 
applied to determine an uncertainty interval around the 
reported fair value. The different approaches applied target 
various aspects of derivatives pricing. Two common compo-
nents of derivative valuation models are volatility of underly-
ing risk factors and correlation between the relevant risk fac-
tors. Each of these is addressed by applying different assump-
tions to input and/or the choice of modelling approach. 
Besides these common factors a number of asset class spe-
cific factors are addressed. These include equity dividend 
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
323
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–32/32
Corporates
6
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
329
4
–32/32
Shares
Private equity funds
745
457
Net asset value3
–84/84
Hedge funds
102
83
Net asset value3
–6/6
Credit Funds
398
176
Net asset value/market consensus3
–33/33
Other funds
292
183
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
191
48
–
–16/16
Total
1,728
947
–165/165 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
259
–
Option model
Correlations
–13/14
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–25
–
Option model
Correlations
–12/8
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–13
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–212
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–34/33
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
6
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
15
–
–59/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,627
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–13/13
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,627
–
–13/13
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
60
40
–7/7
Total
60
40
–7/7
1)	 Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
aquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  
The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policy-
holders and do consequently not affect Nordea’s equity.
2)	Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a resonable change of this credit spread would not  
affect the fair value due to ­callability features.
3)	The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
­develop­ment in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians, is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and ­Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 5% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)	Of which EUR 31m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 430 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
164
Annual Report 2018
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
162
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–1/1
Corporates
6
5
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
168
5
–1/1
Shares
Private equity funds
714
450
Net asset value3
–80/80
Hedge funds
118
88
Net asset value3
–10/10
Credit Funds
405
202
Net asset value/market consensus3
–28/28
Other funds
245
152
Net asset value/fund prices3
–21/21
Other4
293
226
–
–13/13
Total
1,775
1,118
 –152/152 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
332
–
Option model
Correlations
–13/14
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
76
–
Option model
Correlations
–14/7
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–2
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
25
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–14/12
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
22
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
453
–
–41/33
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
4,009
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–20/20
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
4,009
–
–20/20
1)	 Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
aquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  
The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policy-
holders and do consequently not affect Nordea’s equity.
2)	Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a resonable change of this credit spread would not  
affect the fair value due to ­callability features.
3)	The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the  basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/ custodians, is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 31% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)	Of which EUR 191m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
expectations, recovery assumptions for credit derivatives and 
inflation expectations. The fair values of derivatives are pre-
sented as the net of assets and liabilities.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
shares and interest-bearing securities the fair value was 
increased and decreased within a total range of 2–10 per-
centage units depending of the valuation uncertainty and 
underlying assumptions. Higher ranges are applied to instru-
ments with more uncertain valuations relative to actively 
traded instruments and underlying uncertainties in individual 
assumptions.

--- Page 431 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
165
Annual Report 2018
Investment properties
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
620
620
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
102–729 EUR/m2
284 EUR/m2
- Other
126 EUR/m2
126 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
3.9%–6.0%
4.8%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7.7%
Finland3
881
881
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–233 EUR/m2
189 EUR/m2
- Office
123–294 EUR/m2
208 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–288 EUR/m2
260 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.8%–7.0%
6.4%
- Office
4.3%–8.3%
6.3%
- Apartment
3.3%–4.8%
4.0%
- Other
4.5%–6.3%
5.4%
Sweden
245
245
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
66–209 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
233 EUR/m2
233 EUR/m2
- Apartment
169–179 EUR/m2
174 EUR/m2
- Other
66 EUR/m2
66 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.3%–6.8%
5.8%
- Office
4.6%–5.0%
4.8%
- Apartment
3.8%–4.7%
4.0%
- Other
7.0%–7.2%
7.1%
Other
19
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,765
1,746
1)	 Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.  
2)	The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)	Of which EUR 158m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 432 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
166
Annual Report 2018
Investment properties
31 Dec 2017, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
530
530
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Commercial
273 EUR/m2
273 EUR/m2
- Office
194–737 EUR/m2
283 EUR/m2
- Apartment
206 EUR/m2
206 EUR/m2
- Other
128 EUR/m2
128 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.7%–5.7%
5.7%
- Office
3.9%–6.4%
5.1%
- Apartment
4.5%–4.5%
4.5%
- Other
6.0%–9.5%
7.0%
Finland3
839
839
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
150–240 EUR/m2
195 EUR/m2
- Office
98–300 EUR/m2
199 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–297 EUR/m2
243 EUR/m2
- Other
225–279 EUR/m2
252 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.8%–7.0%
6.4%
- Office
4.5%–8.3%
6.4%
- Apartment
3.3%–4.8%
4.0%
- Other
4.5%–6.3%
5.4%
Sweden
219
219
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
114–213 EUR/m2
149 EUR/m2
- Office
238–239 EUR/m2
239 EUR/m2
- Apartment
167–172 EUR/m2
169 EUR/m2
- Other
67–82 EUR/m2
69 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.5%–6.5%
6.0%
- Office
4.8%–5.1%
4.9%
- Apartment
3.8%–4.8%
4.3%
- Other
5.8%–7.3%
6.1%
Other
11
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,599
1,588
1)	 Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.  
2)	The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)	Of which EUR 151m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value 
measurement of the investment properties are market rent 
and yield requirement. Significant increases (decreases) in 
market rate or yield requirement in isolation would result in a 
significant lower (higher) fair value.
Movements in deferred Day 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases 
differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured 
using a valuation model, mainly due to that the transaction 
price is not established in an active market. If there are sig-
nificant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the trans-
action price and any difference between the transaction price 
and fair value at initial recognition measured using a valua-
tion model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information 
see, Note G1 “Accounting policies”. The table below shows the 
aggregate difference yet to be recognised in the income 
statement at the beginning and end of the period and a rec-
onciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed 
during the year (movements in deferred Day 1 profit).
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 433 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
167
Annual Report 2018
Deferred day 1 profit – derivatives, net
EURm
2018
2017
Amount at beginning of year
58
23
Deferred profit/loss on new transactions
62
89
Recognised in the income statement during the year1 
–39
–54
Amount at end of year
81
58
1)	 Of which EUR –m (EUR –2m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.
Cash and balances with central banks 
The fair value of "Cash and balances with central banks", is due 
to its short term nature, assumed to equal the carrying amount 
and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Loans
The fair value of “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” have been estimated 
by discounting the expected future cash flows with an 
assumed customer interest rate that would have been used 
on the market if the loans had been issued at the time of the 
measurement. The assumed customer interest rate is calcu-
lated as the benchmark interest rate plus the average margin 
on new lending in Personal Banking, Commercial & Business 
Banking and Wholesale Banking respectively.
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy.
Interest-bearing securities
The fair value is EUR 3,496m (EUR 3,272m), of which EUR 0m 
(EUR 92m) is categorised in Level 1 and EUR 3,496m (EUR 
3,180m) in Level 2. The measurement principles follow those 
for similar instruments that are held at fair value on the bal-
ance sheet.
Other assets and prepaid expenses and accrued income
The balance sheet items “Other assets” and “Prepaid expens-
es and accrued income” consist of short receivables, mainly 
accrued interest receivables. The fair value is therefore con-
sidered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Deposits and debt instruments
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Deposits and 
borrowings from the public”, “Debt securities in issue” and 
“Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the carrying 
amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and 
in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to inter-
est rate risk is based on changes in relevant interest rates com-
pared with corresponding nominal interest rate in the portfo-
lios. The fair value changes in the credit risk is calculated as the 
difference between the credit spread in the nominal interest 
rate compared with the current spread that is observed in the 
market. This calculation is performed on an aggregated level 
for all long term issuances recognised in the balance sheet 
items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”. 
As the contractual maturity is short for “Deposits by credit 
institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing from the public” the 
changes in Nordea´s own credit risk related to these items is 
assumed not to be significant. This is also the case for short 
term issuances recognised in the balance sheet items “Debt 
securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”.
Other liabilities and accrued expenses and prepaid income
The balance sheet items "Other liabilities" and "Accrued 
expenses and prepaid income" consist of short-term liabilities, 
mainly liabilities on securities settlement. The fair value is 
therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and 
is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
Fair value
Level in fair 
value hierarchy
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Cash and balances with central banks
41,578
41,578
43,081
43,081
3
Loans
249,913
253,159
246,943
248,606
3
Interest-bearing securities
3,384
3,496
3,093
3,272
1,2
Other assets
955
955
1,523
1,523
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
989
989
999
999
3
Total 
296,819
300,177
295,639
297,481
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Deposits and debt instruments
338,438
339,225
330,356
331,876
3
Other liabilities
989
989
2,833
2,833
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
273
273
246
246
3
Total 
339,700
340,487
333,435
334,955
G40.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 434 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
168
Annual Report 2018
G41.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recog-
nised financial 
liabilities set 
off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives3
110,616
–73,806
36,810
–22,881
–
–10,183
3,746
Reverse repurchase agreements
37,336
–12,448
24,888
–
–24,888
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,176
–
4,176
–
–2,444
–
1,732
Variation margin
453
–453
0
–
–
–
0
Total
152,581
–86,707
65,874
–22,881
–27,332
–10,183
5,478
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recog-
nised financial 
assets set off 
on the ­balance 
sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives3
107,209
–70,998
36,211
–22,881
–
–4,311
9,019
Repurchase agreements
29,092
–12,448
16,644
–
–16,644
–
0
Securities lending agreements
2,963
–
2,963
–
–3,703
–
–740
Variation margin
3,261
–3,261
0
–
–
–
0
Total
142,525
–86,707
55,818
–22,881
–20,347
–4,311
8,279
1)	 All amounts are measured at fair value, except for reversed repurchase agreements of EUR 3,217m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,210m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)	Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the public. 
Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.	
3)	For derivatives cleared through Central Counterparties, Nordea offsets on the balance sheet for 2018 the cash collateral receivables and liabilities against the relating derivative  
liabilities and derivative assets respectively when the transactions currency is the same. 	
	
	
	
	
	
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recog-
nised financial 
liabilities set 
off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
171,059
–125,509
45,550
–29,391
–
–8,868
7,291
Reverse repurchase agreements
28,926
–10,107
18,819
–
–18,819
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
5,781
–
5,781
–
–5,781
–
0
Total
205,766
–135,616
70,150
–29,391
–24,600
–8,868
7,291
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recog-
nised financial 
assets set 
off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
167,406
–125,509
41,897
–29,391
–
–9,611
2,895
Repurchase agreements
23,075
–10,107
12,968
–
–12,968
–
–
Securities lending agreements
3,917
–
3,917
–
–3,917
–
–
Total
194,398
–135,616
58,782
–29,391
–16,885
–9,611
2,895
1)	 All amounts are measured at fair value.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2)	Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit  institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by  credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.

--- Page 435 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
169
Annual Report 2018
G41.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements, cont.
Enforceable master netting arrangements  
and similar agreements
The fact that financial instruments are being accounted for on 
a gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agree-
ments or similar arrangements. Generally financial instru-
ments (derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions), 
would be subject to master netting agreements, and as a con-
sequence Nordea would be allowed to benefit from netting in 
the case of default by its counter parties, in any calculations 
involving counterparty credit risk.
For a description of counterparty risk see section Risk, 
Liquidity and Capital management, in the Board of Directors’ 
report.
G42.  Disposal groups held for sale
Balance sheet – Condensed1
EURm
2018
2017
Assets
Loans to credit institutions
–
394
Interest-bearing securities
–
6,051
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
–
1,477
Shares
–
10,361
Derivatives
–
1,184
Investments
–
267
Investment property
–
1,879
Other assets 
–
573
Total assets held for sale 
–
22,186
Liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
–
643
Liabilities to policyholders
–
23,316
Derivativies
–
810
Current tax
–
921
Other liabilities
–
341
Total liabilities held for sale
–
26,031
1)	 Includes the external assets and liabilities held for sale. 
Assets and liabilities held for sale as of 31 December 2017 
relate to Nordea’s earlier announced decision to sell addition-
al 45 per cent of the shares in Danish Nordea Liv & Pension, 
livforsikringsselskab A/S. The disposal group was closed, and 
the assets and liabilities held for sale derecognise from 
Nordea’s balance sheet, during the second quarter 2018. The 
disposal group is included in “Life & Pension unallocated” in 
Note G2 “Segment reporting”.           
G43.  Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals
Transferred assets that are not derecognised 
in their entirety and associated liabilities
All assets transferred continue to be recognised on the bal-
ance sheet if Nordea is still exposed to changes in the fair 
value of the assets. This is the case for repurchase agree-
ments and securities lending transactions. 
Repurchase agreements are a form of collateralised bor-
rowing where Nordea sells securities with an agreemement 
to repurchase them at a later date at a fixed price. The cash 
received is recognised as a deposit (liability). Securities deliv-
ered under repurchase agreements are not derecognised 
from the balance sheet. 
Securities lending transactions are transactions where 
­Nordea lends securities it holds to a counterpart and receives 
a fee.
As both repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions result in that securities are returned to Nordea, 
all risks and rewards of the instruments transferred are 
retained by Nordea, although they are not available for 
­Nordea during the period during which they are transferred. 
The counterparts in the transactions hold the securities as 
collateral, but have no recourse to other assets in Nordea.
The securities still reported on the balance sheet and the 
corresponding liabilities are measured at fair value.
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Repurchase agreements
Interest-bearing securities
7,568
6,489
Securities lending agreements
Shares
–
–
Total
7,568
6,489
Liabilities associated with the assets
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Repurchase agreements
7,564
6,566
Securities lending agreements
–
–
Securitisations
–
–
Total
7,564
6,566
Net
4
–77

--- Page 436 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
170
Annual Report 2018
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Expected maturity
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2017 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
–
41,578
43,081
–
43,081
Loans to central banks 
G13
7,642
–
7,642
4,796
–
4,796
Loans to credit institutions
G13
10,856
464
11,320
7,143
1,449
8,592
Loans to the public
G13
77,834
230,470
308,304
85,059
225,099
310,158
Interest-bearing securities
G14
36,619
39,603
76,222
22,594
52,700
75,294
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G15
7,568
–
7,568
3,496
2,993
6,489
Shares
G16
6,049
6,403
12,452
6,680
10,500
17,180
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
G17
17,314
7,269
24,583
16,832
9,047
25,879
Derivatives  
G18
7,463
29,562
37,025
8,674
37,437
46,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
74
95
169
13
150
163
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
G19
139
1,462
1,601
–
1,235
1,235
Intangible assets
G20
205
3,830
4,035
89
3,894
3,983
Properties and equipment
127
419
546
81
543
624
Investment properties
G22
16
1,591
1,607
8
1,440
1,448
Deferred tax assets
G11
17
147
164
54
64
118
Current tax assets
284
–
284
121
–
121
Retirement benefit assets
G32
–
246
246
0
250
250
Other assets
G23
14,554
195
14,749
12,391
50
12,441
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G24
1,094
219
1,313
1,121
342
1,463
Assets held for sale
G42
–
–
–
22,186
–
22,186
Total assets
229,433
321,975
551,408
234,419
347,193
581,612
Deposits by credit institutions
G25
36,690
5,729
42,419
35,438
4,545
39,983
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G26
159,718
5,240
164,958
148,706
23,728
172,434
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
G17
5,242
20,411
25,653
5,632
20,701
26,333
Liabilities to policyholders
G27
1,939
16,291
18,230
2,086
17,326
19,412
Debt securities in issue 
G28
71,549
118,873
190,422
64,930
114,184
179,114
Derivatives  
G18
8,168
31,379
39,547
7,462
35,251
42,713
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
616
657
1,273
571
879
1,450
Current tax liabilities
414
–
414
389
–
389
Other liabilities
G29
23,233
82
23,315
28,290
225
28,515
G43.  Transferred assets and obtained collaterals, cont.
Obtained collaterals which are permitted  
to be sold or repledged
Nordea obtains collaterals under reverse repurchase and securi-
ties borrowing agreements which, under the terms of the agree-
ments, can be sold or repledged. The transactions are conduct-
ed under standard agreements employed by financial markets 
participants. Generally, the agreements require additional col-
lateral to be provided if the value of the securities falls below a 
predetermined level. Under standard terms for most repurchase 
transactions, the recipient of collateral has an unrestricted right 
to sell or repledge it, subject to returning equivalent securities 
on settlement of the transactions. The fair value of the securities 
obtained as collateral under reverse repurchase and securities 
borrowing agreements are disclosed below.
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Reverse repurchase agreements
Received collaterals which can be repledged  
or sold
35,632
28,706
- of which repledged or sold
19,661
16,263
Securities borrowing agreements
Received collaterals which can be repledged  
or sold
5,648
7,138
- of which repledged or sold
2,980
–
Total
41,280
35,844

--- Page 437 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
171
Annual Report 2018
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2017 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G30
1,646
50
1,696
1,547
56
1,603
Deferred tax liabilities
G11
40
666
706
94
628
722
Provisions
G31
250
71
321
289
40
329
Retirement benefit liabilities
G32
–
398
398
11
270
281
Subordinated liabilities
G33
536
8,619
9,155
943
8,044
8,987
Liabilities held for sale
G42
–
–
–
26,031
–
26,031
Total liabilities 
310,041
208,466
518,507
322,419
225,877
548,296
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
210,748
543,803
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
61,648
61,648
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,286
10,286
Total assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
282,682
615,737
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
37,452
432,138
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
104,805
104,805
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
55,657
55,657
Total liabilities and equity
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
197,914
592,600
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
574,388
174,708
264,725
89,041
1,102,862
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
565,441
174,087
273,162
90,700
1,103,390
Net exposure 
–
8,947
621
–8,437
–1,659
–528
Exposure
–92,094
–5,300
7,078
29,816
83,109
22.609
Cumulative exposure
–92,094
–97,394
–90,316
–60,500
22,609
–
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
55,643
75,852
47,530
145,601
222,431
547,057
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
87,092
87,092
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
9,040
9,040
Total assets 
55,643
75,852
47,530
145,601
318,563
643,189
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
142,574
95,830
42,631
103,679
41,550
426,264
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
138,692
138,692
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
53,581
53,581
Total liabilities and equity
142,574
95,830
42,631
103,679
233,823
618,537
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
551,182
142,235
241,873
15,695
950,985
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
547,892
139,470
246,203
16,221
949,786
Net exposure 
−
3,290
2,765
−4,330
−526
1,199
Exposure
−86,931
−16,688
7,664
37,592
84,214
25,851
Cumulative exposure
−86,931
−103,619
−95,955
−58,363
25,851
−
The table is based on contractual maturities for the balance 
sheet items. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows and 
outflows are disclosed for both derivative assets and deriva-
tive liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net basis. 
In addition to the instruments on the balance sheet items, 
Nordea has credit commitments amounting to EUR 73,287m 
(EUR 74,545m), which could be drawn on at any time. Nordea 
has also issued guarantees of EUR 16,383m (EUR 17,335m) 
which may lead to future cash outflows if certain events 
occur. 
For further information about remaining maturity, see also 
the section “Risk, Liquidity and Capital management”.
Expected maturity, cont.
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont

--- Page 438 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
172
Annual Report 2018
The information below is presented from a Nordea perspec-
tive, meaning that the information shows the effect from 
related party transactions on the Nordea figures.
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2017
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2017
Assets
Loans
498
170
–
–
Interest-bearing securities
1,635
0
–
–
Derivatives
142
2
–
–
Other assets
2
–
–
–
Total assets
2,277
172
–
–
Liabilities
Deposits
587
17
62
77
Debt securities in issue
25
–
–
–
Derivatives  
226
0
–
–
Other liabilities
107
–
–
–
Total liabilities 
945
17
62
77
Off balance2
1,923
2,075
–
–
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
2018
2017
2018
2017
Net interest income
23
1
–
–
Net fee and commission income
–15
3
–
–
Net result from items at fair value
–428
51
–
–
Other operating income
1
–
–
–
Total operating expenses
–15
–
–
–
Profit before loan losses
–434
55
–
−
1)	 Shareholders with significant influence and close family members to key management 
personell in Nordea Group as well as companies significantly influenced by key man-
agement personnel or by close family members to key management personnel in Nor-
dea Group are considered to be related parties to Nordea. Included in this group  
of related parties are Sampo Oyj and Aegon Asset Management. If transactions with 
related companies are made in Nordea’s and the related companies’ ordinary course  
of business and on the same criteria and terms as those for comparable transactions 
with companies of similar standing, and if they did not involve more than normal risk­
taking, the transactions are not included in the table. Nordea has thus not disclosed  
any transactions with shareholders with significant influence.
2)	Including nominal values on derivatives.
Compensation and loans to key management personnel
Compensation and loans to key management personnel are 
specified in Note G7 “Staff costs“.
Other related-party transactions 
Starting in March 2008 Nordea takes part in a guarantee con-
sortium to support Norwegian Eksportfinans ASA in relation 
to its securities portfolio. Nordea owns 23% of the company 
with other owners being the Norwegian state and other 
­Nordic banks. Nordea’s share of the accumulated negative fair 
value of the contract as of the balance sheet date amounts to 
approx EUR 23m. This agreement was terminated 31 Decem-
ber 2017 and the final payment of the Portfolio Performance 
Amount was paid 15 January 2018 including a termination fee. 
G45.  Related-party transactions

--- Page 439 ---
173
Annual Report 2018
G46.  Credit risk disclosures
Credit risk management and credit risk analysis is described in 
the Risk, Liquidity and Capital management section of the 
Board of Directors´ Report. Additional information on credit 
risk is also disclosed in the Capital and Risk management 
Report (Pillar III) 2018, which is available on www.nordea. 
com. The first section of this note is based on accounting data 
for the Nordea Group, while the second part of the note is col­
lected from the Pillar III report. The second section of the note 
includes a reconcilation between accounting data and credit 
risk data in accordance with the CRR requirements. The Pillar 
III report contains the disclosures required by the Capital 
Requirements Regulation (CRR) for the "consolidated situa­
tion", which is smaller in scope than the consolidated accounts 
as eg Nordea Life and Pensions are not included. The Pillar III 
disclosure is aligned to how Nordea manages credit risk and 
most adequaly reflects the credit risk in Nordea. 
Credit risk disclosures based 
on accounting data
Allowances for credit risk
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
G13
15
1
Loans to the public
G13
2,025
2,332
Interest bearing securities measured  
at fair value through other compre­
hensive income or amortised cost
G14
2
–
Off balance sheet items
G31
121
91
Total
2,163
2,424
Maximum exposure to credit risk
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Note
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
G13
15,287
3,689
11,256
2,133
Loans to the public
G13
236,497
73,833
237,857
74,633
Interest bearing securities
G14
36,951
46,841
39,435
42,348
Derivatives
G18
–
37,025
–
46,111
Off balance sheet items
G36 + G37
89,495
175
91,880
247
Total
378,230
161,563
380,428
165,472
Forbearance
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Forborne loans
3,561
5,357
- of which defaulted
2,267
2,896
Allowances for individually assessed impaired 
and forborne loans
714
802
- of which defaulted
693
796
Key ratios
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Forbearance ratio1
1.1%
1.7%
Forbearance coverage ratio2
20%
15%
- of which defaulted
31%
27%
1) Forborne loans/Loans before allowances. 	
	
2) Individual allowances/Forborne loans.		
Additional information on forbearance is disclosed in the risk 
management section, page 55.	
	
	
Assets taken over for protection of claims1
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Current assets, carrying amount:
Land and buildings
19
9
Shares and other participations
0
1
Other assets
2
2
Total
21
12
1)	 In accordance with Nordea’s policy for taking over assets for protection of claims, 
which is in compliance with the local Banking Business Acts, wherever Nordea is 
located. Assets, used as collateral for the loan, are generally taken over when the cus­
tomer is not able to fulfil its obligations to Nordea. The assets taken over are at the 
latest, disposed when full recovery is reached.	
	
Past due loans, excluding impaired loans 
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more that 
are not considered impaired, split by corporate and house­
hold customers. Past due is defined as a loan payment that 
has not been made as of its due date. Past due loans to cor­
porate ­customers, not considered impaired, were at end of 
2018 EUR 1,235m, up from EUR 747m one year ago, and past 
due loans for household customers increased to EUR 1,636m 
(EUR 1,286m).

--- Page 440 ---
174
Annual Report 2018
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
EURm
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
6–30 days
701
657
374
802
31–60 days
89
233
133
233
61–90 days
35
111
84
84
>90 days
410
635
156
167
Total
1,235
1,636
747
1,286
Past due not impaired 
loans divided by loans  
to the ­public after  
allowances, %
0.73
1.04
0.51
0.81
Loans to corporate customers, by size of loans 
The distribution of loans to corporate by size of loans, seen in 
the table below, shows a high degree of diversification where 
approximately 66% (68%) of the corporate volume represents 
loans up to EUR 50m per customer.
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Size in EURm
Loans 
EURbn
%
Loans 
EURbn
%
0–10
62.6
42
64.2
44
10–50
35.0
24
35.8
24
50–100
19.4
13
19.5
13
100–250
17.4
12
17.0
12
250–500
5.4
4
5.9
4
500–
7.6
5
4.6
3
Total
147.4
100
147.0
100
Interest-bearing securities 
For more information about credit risk related to interest-
bearing securities, see Note G14 “Interest-bearing securities“ 
where the carrying amount of interest-bearing securities is 
split on different types of counterparties.
Sensitivities
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is to assess what constitutes a signifi­
cant increase in credit risk. Nordea uses a relative trigger of 
250% and an absolute trigger of 150 basis points. If the rela­
tive trigger would have been set to 200% and the absolute 
trigger to 100 basis points, the provisions would have 
increased by EUR 33m. This also includes the effect of using 
one notch less as trigger for loans where rating/scoring is 
used to decide stage. For more information on the rating scal 
and average PDs, see Note G13.
Had the relative trigger been set to 300% and the absolute 
trigger been set to 200 basis points, the provisions would 
have decreased by EUR 41m. This also includes the effect of 
using one more notch as trigger for loans where rating/scor­
ing is used to decide stage.
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if trig­
gers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on 
provisions from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in 
the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all 
exposures as well as the impact of transferring from stage 1 
to stage 2 for those exposures that reach the trigger. It also 
includes the impact from the exposures with one rating 
grade above default becoming default, which is estimated at 
EUR 120m. This figure is based on calculations with the sta­
tistical model rather than individual estimates that would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans. 		
	
EURm
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Personal Banking
339
472
Commercial and Business Banking
998
1,145
Wholesale Banking
752
838
Other
74
84
Group
2,163
2,539
Forward looking information	
Forward looking information is used both for assessing sig­
nificant increase in credit risk and in the calculation of 
expected credit losses. Nordea estimates three macro-eco­
nomic scenarios, a baseline together with an upside and a 
downside scenario.
The baseline macroeconomic and financial scenario is pro­
vided by Nordea Economic Research based on an Oxford 
Economics model. The macro economic forecast is a combi­
nation of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thor­
ough checks and quality control processes. The model has 
been built to give a good description of the historic relation­
ships between economic variables and to capture the key 
linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the 
model is ten years and for periods beyond, a long-term aver­
age is used.
The definition of the upside and downside scenarios are 
based on Oxford Economics’ quarterly Global Risk Survey. In 
this survey respondents report what they see as the top 
upside and downside global economic risks over the next 
two years. Based on these answers Oxford Economics create 
a number of global economic scenarios, each simulating a 
potential materialisation of one of these top risk factors. 
Oxford Economics also assign a probability to each scenario, 
based on the Global Risk Survey. Nordea use these scenarios 
and probabilities from Oxford Economics when defining the 
upside and downside scenarios. For 2018, the following 
weights have been applied: base 60%, adverse 20% and 
favourable 20%. The model results are assessed and, if need­
ed, adjusted by Nordea’s country responsible macro and 
financial analysts, using judgement based on previous similar 
episodes to ensure consistency across countries and asset 
prices. Adjustments are for instance needed when certain 
industries are impacted, or when sanctions are placed on 
individual countries, but changes have not yet been reflected 
in rating migrations.
Checks of the model results are performed by reviewing 
quantitative data before and after reactions. As part of the 
process to ensure accurate and consistent data deliveries from 
Nordea’s economists, the data is also subject to a number of 
statistical tests.

--- Page 441 ---
175
Annual Report 2018
Provisions calculated under different scenarios
Base
Adverse
Favourable
Weighted average
Individual
provisions and
adjustments
Recognised 
provisions
Personal Banking
204
206
203
204
135
339
Commercial and Business Banking
213
220
210
214
784
998
Wholesale Banking
141
147
139
142
610
752
Other
33
33
33
33
41
74
Group
591
606
585
593
1,570
2,163
Credit risk disclosures based 
on Pillar III data 
Exposure types1
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
On-balance sheet items
409,957
404,263
Off-balance sheet items
46,472
48,515
Securities financing
4,855
5,310
Derivatives
14,865
17,520
Total exposure
476,149
475,608
1)	 Securitisation positions are included in the table. 
Link between credit risk exposure and the balance sheet
This section discloses the link between the loan portfolio as 
defined by accounting standards and exposure as defined in 
CRR. The main differences are outlined in this section to illus­
trate the link between the different reporting methods.  
Original exposure is the exposure before taking into account  
Base
Adverse
Favourable
Denmark
GDP growth, %
0.7–3.1
–0.3–3.6
0.7–3.5
Unemployment, %
3.9–4.0
4.0–5.2
3.6–4.1
Change in household consumption, %
1.2–3.5
0.8–3.1
1.0–3.8
Change in house prices, %
3.1–4.6
–1.9–5.0
0.8–6.3
Finland
GDP growth, %
1.0–2.1
–0.2–2.7
0.6–2.5
Unemployment, %
7.0–7.2
6.9–8.0
6.7–7.2
Change in household consumption, %
1.0–2.1
0.4–1.9
0.8–2.5
Change in house prices, %
0.3–2.2
–4.6–3.2
–0.3–2.4
Norway
GDP growth, %
1.5–2.0
0.7–2.4
1.2–2.4
Unemployment, %
3.3–3.7
3.3–4.4
3.1–3.6
Change in household consumption, %
1.4–2.1
0.5–2.1
1.4–2.5
Change in house prices, %
3.0–3.9
–1.6–8.1
–0.5–8.9
Sweden
GDP growth, %
1.8–2.5
0.9–3.8
1.2–3.1
Unemployment, %
5.4–6.3
5.4–7.3
5.3–6.1
Change in household consumption, %
1.7–2.4
1.1–3.5
1.4–2.7
Change in house prices, %
2.1–3.8
0.4–5.4
1.1–4.4
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.
substitution effects stemming from credit risk mitigation, 
credit conversion factors (CCFs) for off-balance sheet expo­
sure and allowances within the standardised approach. In 
this note, however, exposure is defined as exposure at default 
(EAD) for IRB exposure and exposure value for standardised 
exposure, unless otherwise stated. In accordance with the 
CRR, credit risk exposure presented in this note is divided into 
exposure classes where each exposure class is divided into 
exposure types as follows:
•	 On-balance sheet items
•	 Off-balance sheet items (e.g. guarantees and unutilised 
amounts of credit facilities)
•	 Securities financing (e.g. reversed repurchase agreements 
and securities lending)
•	 Derivatives

--- Page 442 ---
176
Annual Report 2018
Items presented in other parts of the Annual Report are divid­
ed as follows (in accordance with the accounting standards):
•	 On-balance sheet items (e.g. loans to central banks and 
credit institutions, loans to the public, reversed repurchase 
agreements, positive fair value for derivatives and interest-
bearing securities).
•	 Off-balance sheet items (e.g. guarantees and unutilised 
lines of credit).
The table below shows the link between the CRR credit risk 
exposure and items presented in the Annual Report.
On-balance sheet items
The following items are excluded from the balance sheet, 
when on-balance sheet exposure is calculated in accordance 
with the CRR:
•	 Non CRR related items. Items not part of consolidated situ­
ation of CRR such as Life insurance operations (due to sol­
vency regulation).
•	 Market risk related items in the trading book, such as cer­
tain interest-bearing securities and pledged instruments.
•	 Repos, derivatives and securities lending. These transac­
tions are either included in the calculation of market risk in 
the trading book or reported as separate exposure types 
(derivatives or securities financing).
•	 Other, mainly allowances and intangible assets.
Off-balance sheet items
The following off-balance sheet items specified in the Annual 
Report are excluded when off-balance exposure is calculated 
in accordance with the CRR:
•	 Non CRR related items. Items not part of consolidated situ­
ation of CRR such as Life insurance operations (due to sol­
vency regulation).
•	 “Assets pledged as security for own liabilities” and “Other 
assets pledged” (apart from leasing). These transactions 
are reported as securities financing (i.e. a separate expo­
sure type).
•	 Derivatives
Derivatives and securities financing
The fair value of derivatives is recognised on the balance sheet 
in accordance with accounting standards. However, in the CRR, 
the derivatives and securities financing are reported as sepa­
rate exposure types. Also, repurchase agreements and securi­
ties lending/borrowing transactions are on the balance sheet 
calculated based on nominal value. In the CRR calculations 
these exposure types are determined net of the collateral.
On-balance sheet items1
EURm
Original 
exposure 
Items related 
to market risk
Repos, 
­derivatives, 
securities 
­lending
Items not 
according 
 to CRR
Other
Balance sheet
31 Dec 2018
Cash and balances with central banks 
42,912
–
–
–
–1,334
41,578
Loans to credit institutions and central 
banks
8,376
–
8,295
385
1,906
18,962
Loans to the public
293,515
–
20,771
–1,385
–4,597
308,304
Interest-bearing securities and pledged 
instruments
59,432
13,932
–
10,429
–3
83,790
Derivatives2
–
–
36,947
78
– 
37,025
Intangible assets
–
–
–
154
3,881
4,035
Other assets and prepaid expenses
6,061
16,281
–
32,481
2,891
57,714
Total assets
410,296
30,213
66,013
42,142
2,744
551,408
Total exposure3
409,957
31 Dec 2017
Cash and balances with central banks 
44,503
–
–
0
–1,422
43,081
Loans to credit institutions and central 
banks
9,396
2
3,951
218
–179
13,388
Loans to the public
293,240
–2
23,084
–3,059
–3,105
310,158
Interest-bearing securities and pledged 
instruments
52,482
18,272
–
11,028
–
81,782
Derivatives2
0
–
47,370
–1,259
–
46,111
Intangible assets
–
–
–
153
3,829
3,983
Other assets and prepaid expenses
5,831
20,691
–
55,968
620
83,109
Total assets
405,452
38,963
74,405
63,049
–257
581,612
Total exposure3
404,263
1)	 Securitisation positions to an original exposure amount of 6,907 EURm  and an exposure amount of 6,907 EURm are includen in the table.
2)	Derivatives are included in banking and trading books, but not at book values. Counterparty risk in trading derivatives is included in the credit risk.  
3)	The on-balance exposures have a CCF of 100% but can still have a lower EAD due to provisions in the standardised approach, that are deducted from the original exposure when 
calculating EAD.
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.

--- Page 443 ---
177
Annual Report 2018
Off-balance sheet items1
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Credit risk 
accordance 
with CRR
Items 
excluded from 
CRR scope of 
consolidation
Included in 
derivatives and 
securities 
financing
Off- balance 
sheet
Contingent liabilities
17,819
–
–
17,819
Commitments
74,315
164
–
74,479
Total
92,134
164
–
92,298
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Credit risk 
accordance 
with CRR
Items not 
included in 
accounts
Original 
exposure
Average 
­conversion 
­factor
Exposure at 
default EAD
Credit facilities
41,194
463
41,657
50%
21,028
Checking accounts
17,953
213
18,166
51%
9,220
Loan commitments
14,025
2,313
16,338
62%
10,054
Guarantees
16,827
–
16,827
35%
5,878
Other
2,135
–
2,135
14%
292
Total
92,134
2,989
95,123
46,472
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Credit risk 
accordance 
with CRR
Items 
excluded from 
CRR scope of 
consolidation
Included in 
derivatives and 
securities 
financing
Off- balance 
sheet
Contingent liabilities
18,978
42
–
19,020
Commitments
75,553
1,479
–
77,032
Total
94,531
1,521
–
96,052
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Credit risk 
accordance 
with CRR
Items not 
included in 
accounts
Original 
exposure
Average 
­conversion 
­factor
Exposure at 
default EAD
Credit facilities
39,725
4,231
43,956
51%
22,426
Checking accounts
19,333
48
19,381
53%
10,189
Loan commitments
16,485
1,064
17,549
52%
9,167
Guarantees
17,783
–
17,783
36%
6,361
Other
1,205
–
1,205
31%
372
Total
94,531
5,343
99,874
48,515
1) Securitisation positions are included in the table.
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.

--- Page 444 ---
178
Annual Report 2018
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.
In the table below, total exposure is split by industry. The 
industry breakdown mainly follows the Global Industries 
Classification Standard (GICS) and is based on NACE codes 
(statistical classification codes of economic activities in the 
European community). The industry group which has the 
largest share of total exposures is other, public and organisa­
tions; they account for 59% of total exposure.
Exposure classes split by exposure type
31 Dec 2018, EURm
On-balance 
sheet items
Off-balance 
sheet items
Securities 
financing
Derivatives
Total ­exposure
Government, local authorities and central banks
82,490
859
656
2,882
86,887
Institutions
36,021
776
2,637
4,444
43,878
Corporate
109,742
26,301
1,134
7,162
144,339
Retail1
167,572
17,159
–
72
184,803
Securitisation
6,946
1,319
–
–
8,265
Other
7,186
58
428
305
7,977
Total exposure
409,957
46,472
4,855
14,865
476,149
31 Dec 2017, EURm
On-balance 
sheet items
Off-balance 
sheet items
Securities 
financing
Derivatives
Total ­exposure
Government, local authorities and central banks
78,068
1,053
1,662
3,975
84,758
Institutions
33,719
817
2,475
5,422
42,433
Corporate
109,735
27,969
1,168
8,031
146,903
Retail1
167,876
17,051
2
79
185,008
Securitisation
6,813
1,586
–
–
8,399
Other
8,052
39
3
13
8,107
Total exposure
404,263
48,515
5,310
17,520
475,608
1)	 Includes exposures secured by real estate.
Exposure split by geography and exposure classes
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Nordic 
countries
- of which 
Denmark
- of which 
Finland
- of which 
Norway
- of which 
Sweden
Baltic 
countries
Russia
US
Other
Total
Government, local authorities 
and central banks
56,889
8,009
32,428
3,351
13,101
1,465
203
21,964
6,366
86,887
Institutions
34,919
18,732
267
5,916
10,004
9
205
561
8,184
43,878
Corporate
118,481
37,096
25,169
26,314
29,902
3,958
1,503
2,250
18,147
144,339
Retail1
179,258
51,836
39,896
31,908
55,618
3,751
18
204
1,572
184,803
Other
4,321
850
1,665
952
854
533
14
139
2,970
7,977
Total exposure2
393,868
116,523
99,425
68,441
109,479
9,716
1,943
25,118
37,239
467,884
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Nordic 
countries
- of which 
Denmark
- of which 
Finland
- of which 
Norway
- of which 
Sweden
Baltic 
countries
Russia
US
Other
Total
Government, local authorities 
and central banks
44,074
6,877
24,091
3,494
9,612
1,603
211
28,343
10,527
84,758
Institutions
32,515
14,795
184
6,261
11,275
48
128
525
9,217
42,433
Corporate
120,309
37,717
25,023
26,604
30,965
4,482
1,990
1,848
18,274
146,903
Retail1
180,117
52,072
41,651
30,566
55,828
1,322
14
213
3,342
185,008
Other
3,948
976
415
875
1,682
3,244
48
356
511
8,107
Total exposure2
380,963
112,437
91,364
67,800
109,362
10,699
2,391
31,285
41,871
467,209
1) Includes exposures secured by real estate. 	
2)	Securitisation positions are not included in the table.

--- Page 445 ---
179
Annual Report 2018
Exposure secured by collaterals, guarantees and credit derivatives
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Original exposure
EAD
- of which secured 
by guarantees and 
credit derivatives
- of which secured 
by collateral
Government, local authorities and central banks
87,657
86,887
350
0
Institutions
45,405
43,878
167
166
Corporate
177,749
144,339
11,175
62,918
Retail1
196,738
184,803
2,283
142,098
Other
8,316
7,977
6
0
Total exposure2
515,865
467,884
13,981
205,182
31 Dec 2017, EURm
Original exposure
EAD
- of which secured 
by guarantees and 
credit derivatives
- of which secured 
by collateral
Government, local authorities and central banks
86,588
84,758
522
893
Institutions
45,094
42,433
205
196
Corporate
184,070
146,903
10,849
60,677
Retail1
194,360
185,008
2,286
143,992
Other
8,570
8,107
41
52
Total exposure2
518,682
467,209
13,903
205,810
1)	 Includes exposures secured by real estates.
2)	Securitisation positions are not included in the table.
	
	
	
	
	
	
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.
Exposure split by industry sector1
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Construction and engineering
5,721
6,136
Consumer durables (cars, appliances etc)
2,632
2,945
Consumer staples (food, agriculture etc)
11,683
11,570
Energy (oil, gas etc)
2,311
2,923
Health care and pharmaceuticals
1,768
1,425
Industrial capital goods
3,300
3,871
Industrial commercial services
14,080
15,276
IT software, hardware and services
1,956
1,826
Media and leisure
2,194
2,403
Metals and mining materials
893
997
Other financial institutions
64,370
60,322
Other materials (chemical, building materials etc)
5,218
5,336
Other, public and organisations
274,627
273,007
Paper and forest material
1,908
1,559
Real estate management and investment
44,139
44,964
Retail trade
10,193
10,960
Shipping and offshore
9,224
9,500
Telecommunication equipment
209
209
Telecommunication operators
1,409
1,452
Transportation
3,993
4,279
Utilities distribution and production
6,056
6,249
Total exposure
467,884
467,209
1)	 Securitisation positions are not included in the table.
At the end of 2018, the share of total exposure secured by 
­eligible collateral remained stable at 44% (44%).  The propor­
tion has remained relatively stable during the period. Approx­
imately 3% (3%) of total exposure was secured by guarantees 
and credit derivatives.

--- Page 446 ---
180
Annual Report 2018
Collateral distribution 
The table presents the distribution of collateral used in the 
capital adequacy calculation process. The table shows that 
real estate collateral had the majority share with 73% (74%)  
of total eligible collateral. Commerical real estate increased 
somewhat to 18% (17%). For the other collateral categories, 
the proportions remained relatively stable in 2018. 
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Financial Collateral
1.1%
1.2%
Receivables
0.9%
0.9%
Residential Real Estate
72.9%
73.7%
Commercial Real Estate
18.3%
16.6%
Other Physical Collateral
6.8%
7.6%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
Loan-to-value   
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure 
to evaluate collateral’s quality, i.e. the credit extended divided 
by the market value of the collateral pledged. In the table 
below, the retail mortgage exposures are distributed by LTV 
bucket based on the LTV ratio. In 2018, the proportion of the 
lowest LTV bucket increased slightly, offset by all other LTV 
buckets. 
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Retail mortgage exposure
EURbn
%
EURbn
%
<50%
110.9
81
110.3
80
50–70%
19.6
14
20.2
15
70–80%
4.3
3
4.6
3
80–90%
1.2
1
1.4
1
>90%
0.6
1
0.7
1
Total
136.6
100
137.2
100
Collateralised Debt Obligations (CDO)
Nordea acts as an intermediary in the credit derivatives mar­
ket, mainly in Nordic names. Nordea also uses credit deriva­
tives to hedge positions in corporate bonds and synthetic 
CDOs. When Nordea sells protection in a CDO transaction, it 
carries the risk of losses in the reference portfolio if a credit 
event occurs. When Nordea buys protection in a CDO transac­
tion, any losses in the reference portfolio triggered by a credit 
event are carried by the seller of protection.
Credit derivative transactions create counterparty credit 
risk in a similar manner to other derivative transactions. 
Counterparties in these transactions are typically subject to a 
financial collateral agreement, where the exposure is covered 
daily by collateral placements.
G46.  Credit risk disclosures, cont.

--- Page 447 ---
181
Annual Report 2018
G47.  Interests in structured entities
Structured entities are entities designed so that voting or 
­similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who 
controls the entity. It normally has restricted activities with a 
narrow and well defined objective. If Nordea controls such an 
entity, it is consolidated. 	
	
Consolidated structured entities
The Viking ABCP Conduit (Viking) has been established with 
the purpose of supporting trade receivable or accounts pay-
able securitisations to core Nordic customers. The SPEs pur-
chase trade receivables from the approved sellers and fund 
the purchases either by issuing Commercial Papers (CP) via 
the established Asset Backed Commercial Papers programme 
or by drawing funds on the liquidity facilities available. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities of maximum EUR 
1,060m (EUR 1,060m) and at year-end EUR 938 (EUR 895m) 
were utilised. Total assets in the conduit were EUR 971m 
(EUR 923m) as per year-end. The SPE is consolidated as it is 
closely linked to the activities within Nordea. Also, Nordea is 
exposed to credit risk through the liquidity facility. There are 
no significant restrictions on repayment of loans from Viking 
apart from that the payments are dependent on the pace in 
which Viking releases its assets.
Kalmar Structured Finance A/S was established to allow 
customers to invest instructured products in the global credit 
markets. The SPE enters into Credit Default Swaps (CDS) and 
hereby acquires a credit risk on an underlying portfolio of 
names (like corporate names) and at the same time the SPE 
issues Credit Linked Notes (CLN) with a similar credit risk that 
reflects the terms in the CDSs. Nordea is the counterpart in 
the derivative transactions. The total notional of outstanding 
CLNs in this category was EUR 1m (EUR 1m) at year end. 
Nordea holds CLNs issued by the SPE as part of offering a 
secondary market for the notes. The investment amounted to 
EUR 1m (EUR 1m) at year end.
AR Finance invests in notes backed by trade receivables. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities of maximum EUR 
125m (EUR 125m) and at year-end EUR 114m (EUR 113m) 
were utilised. The entity holds assets of EUR 117m (EUR 
125m) as per year-end.
Unconsolidated structured entities
For structured entities in which Nordea has an interest but do 
not control, disclosures are provided. To be considered to 
have an interest in such an entity, Nordea must be exposed to 
variability in returns on the investment in the structured enti-
ty. Investment funds are the only interests in unconsolidated 
structured entities Nordea currently holds. Variability in 
returns is assessed based on both fees received and revalua-
tion of holdings in the funds.
There are several different products where Nordea invests 
in investment funds:
a)	on behalf of policyholders in Nordea Life & Pensions
b)	on behalf of depositors where the return is based the 
investment
c)	to hedge exposures in structured products issued to 
­customers
d)	illiquid investments in private equity and credit funds
As Nordea is exposed to variability in returns on a gross 
basis, information about these funds is disclosed although the 
net exposure is considerably less. Any change in value on 
investment funds acquired on behalf of policyholders and 
depositors where the policyholder/depositor stands the 
investment risk are reflected in the value of the related liabil-
ity and the maximum net exposure to losses is zero. The 
change in value on investment funds held on behalf of  other 
policyholders are to a large extent passed on to the policy-
holders, but as Nordea has issued guarantees in some of 
these products, Nordea is exposed to the changes in value
Investment funds acquired to hedge exposures in struc-
tured products reduce the exposures and, to the extent hedg-
es are effective, Nordea is not exposed to changes in value. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated to EUR 3m 
(EUR 6m), net of hedges.
Investments in illiquid private equity and credit funds are 
an integrated part of managing balance sheet risks in Nordea. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated to EUR 509m 
(EUR 469m), equal to the investment in the funds.	
	
Nordeas interests in unconsolidated structured entities and 
any related liability are disclosed in the table below.
EURm
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2017
Assets, carrying amount:
Shares
8,044
9,306
Assets in pooled schemes and unit linked 
investment contracts
22,179
21,630
Assets held for sale
–
8,389
Total assets
30,223
39,325
Liabilities, carrying amount:
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit linked 
investment contracts
856
787
Liabilities to policyholders
28,758
29,937
Liabilities held for sale
–
8,389
Total liabilities
29,614
39,113
Off balance, nominal amount:
Loan commitments
0
0
Nordea holds approximately 2,500 different funds which are 
classified as unconsolidated structured entities, of which 
approximately 400 are managed by Nordea. These have dif-
ferent investment mandates and risk appetites, ranging from 
low risk government bond funds to high risk leveraged equity 
funds. Total assets in funds managed by Nordea are EUR 
151bn (EUR 165bn). All funds are financed by deposits from 
the holders of fund units. The total assets in investment funds 
not managed by Nordea are not considered meaningful for 
the purpose of understanding the related risks and is thus not 
disclosed. 
Nordea has not sponsored any unconsolidated structured 
entity in which Nordea do not currently have an interest.

--- Page 448 ---
182
Annual Report 2018
The table below presents for each country where Nordea is 
established, i.e. where Nordea has a physical presence, infor-
mation about the businesses, the geographical area, average 
number of employees, total operating income, operating prof-
it and income tax expense. Nordea is considered to have 
physical presence in a country if Nordea has a subsidiary, 
associated undertaking or branch in that country.  Nordea has 
not recieved any significant government subsidiarieses.
2018
2017
Country
Business1
Geographical 
area
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Denmark
RB, WB, AM, LP
Denmark
8,505
2,652
898
–159
9,136
2,929
1,099
–227
Finland
RB, WB, AM, LP
Finland
6,459
1,818
694
–164
7,032
1,986
976
–211
Sweden 
RB, WB, AM, LP
Sweden
7,055
2,921
1,080
–302
7,462
2,647
541
–183
Norway
RB, WB, AM, LP
Norway
2,962
1,668
1,061
–161
3,127
1,698
921
–211
Russia
WB
Russia
396
62
38
–8
606
98
34
–8
Poland
Other
Poland
2,980
124
1
1
2,060
75
1
0
Estonia
RB, WB, LP 
Estonia
253
10
1
0
502
82
41
–7
Latvia
RB, WB
Latvia
–
–
–
–
364
57
29
–6
Luxembourg
AM, LP
Luxembourg
434
326
180
–54
451
386
226
–65
Lithuania 
RB, WB, LP 
Lithuania
–
–
–
–
305
42
24
–3
United States
RB, WB, AM, LP
New York
116
87
–65
–21
123
111
71
–21
United Kingdom
RB, WB, AM, LP
London
58
81
57
–3
68
110
–3
0
Singapore
WB
Singapore
75
33
–1
–1
81
40
31
–4
Germany
WB, AM
Frankfurt
44
18
8
1
43
25
14
–4
Switzerland
AM
Zürich
10
2
0
0
22
7
–6
0
China
WB
Shanghai
29
7
1
–1
31
7
–1
0
Italy
AM
Rome
9
5
0
0
9
5
0
0
Spain
AM
Madrid
5
2
0
0
7
2
0
0
Brazil
WB
Sao Paolo
2
1
0
0
5
2
0
0
France
AM
Paris
3
1
0
0
3
2
0
0
Chile
AM
Santiago
0
0
0
0
–
–
–
–
Eliminations3
–
–813
–
–
–
–842
–
–
Total
29,395
9,005
3,953
–872
31,437
9,469
3,998
–950
1)	 RB=Retail banking, WB=Wholesale banking, AM=Asset management, LP= Life and pension.
2)	Total operating income presented in this table is split on countries based on where Nordea has a physical presence, i.e. where Nordea has a subsidiary, associated undertaking  
or branch, while total operating profit presented in Note G2 “Segment reporting” is split on countries based on the location of the customers´ operations.
3)	Eliminations of transactions consist mainly of intra-group IT-services.
Denmark
Nordea Danmark Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland 
Nordea Investment Management AB, Denmark 
Branch
Nordea Fund Management, filial af Nordea 
funds Oy, Finland
Finland
Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd
Nordea Investment Management AB, Finland 
Branch
Sweden 
Nordea Bank Abp filial i Sverige
Nordea Life Holding AB
Nordea Livförsäkring Sverige AB (publ)
Nordea Funds Ab, Swedish Branch
Norway
Livforsikringsselskapet Nordea Liv Norge AS
Nordea Investment Management AB, Norway 
Branch
Nordea Funds Ltd, Norwegian Branch
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge
Italy
Nordea Investment Funds S.A., Italian Branch
France
Nordea Investments Funds S.A., French Branch
Estonia
Nordea Bank AB Estonia Branch 
Chile
NAM Chile SpA
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp Niederlassung Frankfurt
Nordea Funds Services GmbH (Germany)
China
Nordea Bank Abp Shanghai Branch 
Poland
Nordea Bank Abp Spolka Akcyjna Oddzial w 
Polsce 
Singapore
Nordea Bank Abp Singapore Branch 
Switzerland
Nordea Bank S.A., Luxemburg 
Zwiegniederlassung Zürich
Nordea Asset Management Schweiz GmbH
Spain
Nordea Investment Funds S.A.
Sucursal en España
United Kingdom
Nordea Bank AB London Branch
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. UK Branch
United States
Nordea Bank Abp New York Branch 
Nordea also discloses the names of the subsidiaries, associated undertakings and branches for each country where Nordea is 
established. These disclosures are presented in the table below, in the last table “Specification of group undertakings 31 
December 2018” in the section "Capital adequacy for the Nordea Group" and in the last table in Note G19 ”Investments in asso-
ciated undertakings and joint ventures”. 
G48.  Country by country reporting

--- Page 449 ---
183
Annual Report 2018
G49.  IFRS 16
The change in accounting for leases when IFRS 16 becomes 
mandatory on 1 January 2019 is described in Note 1, section 3. 
At transition, the standard will be implemented based on a 
single discount rate applied on a portfolio of leases with simi-
lar characteristics. The future cash flows are discounted using 
the incremental borrowing rate, and the weighted average 
incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities at 
transition is approximately 1%. The assessment of onerous 
leases according to IAS 37 is applied as an alternative to per-
forming an impairment review of the right-of-use assets. Ini-
tial direct costs are excluded from the right-of use-asset and 
the right to use hindsight when determining the lease term 
will be used.
Reconciliation of lease commitments in Annual 
Report 2018 to lease liabilities at 1 January 2019
EURm
Future minimum lease payments under  
non-cancellable leases disclosed in Note G21
1,217
Increase in lease term
157
Discounting effect using the average  
incremental borrowing rate
–93
Deduction for leases reclassified to  
short term
–5
Other changes 
 –111
Lease liability 1 January 2019
1,165
Impact on the balance sheet at transition
EURm
31 Dec 
2018
Change
1 Jan 
2019
Assets
Properties and equipment
546
1,521
2,067
- of which Owned assets
546
–
546
- of which Right of use assets
–
1,523
1,523
- of which Accumulated impairment on 
ROU assets
–
–2
–2
Prepaid expenses
1,313
–358
955
Other
549,549
–
549,549
Total assets
551,408
1,163
552,571
Liabilities
Other liabilities
23,315
1,165
24,480
- of which Lease liabilities
–
1,165
1,165
Provisions
321
–2
319
Other
494,871
–
494,871
Total liabilities
518,507
1,163
519,670
Accounting principles under IFRS 16
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases.  
A finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease. The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income. The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease. 
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment. Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income”. The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated based on Nordea’s deprecia-
tion policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortization and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement. 
Nordea as lessee
At inception Nordea assesses whether a contract is or con-
tains a lease. A lease is a contract that conveys the user the 
right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration. 
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is recognised 
on the commencement date as a right-of-use (ROU) asset 
and the obligation to pay lease payments is recognised as a 
lease liability. The ROU asset is initially measured as the pres-
ent value of the lease payments, plus initial direct costs and 
the cost of obligations to refurbish the asset less any lease 
incentives received. Non-lease components are separated in 
real estate, car and IT contracts. The discount rate used to cal-
culate the lease liability for each contract is the incremental 
borrowing rate at commencement of the contract. In signifi-
cant premises contracts the rate implicit in the contract may 
be used if available. 
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets and 
the lease liabilities as” Other liabilities” on the balance sheet. 
The depreciation policy is consistent with that of similar 
owned assets, but the depreciation period is normally capped 
at the end of the lease term. Impairment testing of the right-
of-use assets is performed following the same principles as 
for similar owned assets. Interest expense on lease liabilities 
is presented as “Interest expense” in the income statement. 
The assets are classified as Premises, IT hardware, Vehicles 
and Other Assets like office equipment. Nordea applies the 
practical expedient of short term contracts (with a contract 
term of 12 months or less), primarily for premises, IT-hard-
ware, and for other assets. The practical expedient of low 
value assets is applied on IT-hardware and other assets. Short 
term and low value contracts are not recognised on the bal-
ance sheet and the payments are recognised as expenses in 
the income statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term unless another systematic way bet-
ter reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit. 
Leases are mainly related to office premises contracts but 
also to company cars, IT hardware and other assets normal to 
the business. The premises are divided into banking branches 
and head-offices. The lease payments generally include fixed 
payments and especially in premises contracts also variable 
payments that depend on an index. Residual value guaran-
tees, or purchase options are generally not used.
The lease term is the expected lease term. This comprises 
the non-cancellable period of lease contracts and any options 
that Nordea is reasonably certain to exercise. The length of 
contracts with no end date is estimated by considering all 
facts and circumstances. 
The expected lease term of most of the premises contracts is 
1–10 years whereas the expected lease term of the main head 
office contracts in the Nordic countries is 15–25 years. The cen-
tral district head office properties in Finland, Norway and Swe-
den that Nordea has divested are leased back. The duration of 
these lease agreements was initially 3–25 years with renewal 
options.

--- Page 450 ---
255
Nordea Bank Abp is the parent company of the Nordea Group and domiciled in Helsinki, Finland. A copy of the report by the 
Board of Directors and financial statement is available from Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 00500 Helsinki and from 
Nordea’s website www.nordea.com.
Nordea Bank Abp’s distributable retained earnings including profit for the year are EUR 18,896,473,415.98 and the unrestricted 
equity reserve is EUR 4,591,670,261.24. The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.69 per share for 2018. The total 
dividend payment for 2018 would then be EUR 2,787,859,824.33, excluding dividend for treasury shares and would be paid from 
retained earnings. After the dividend pay-out, EUR 16,108,613,591.65 is to be carried forward as distributable retained earnings.
	
	
21 February 2019
	
	
Björn Wahlroos
	
	
Chairman
	
Lars G Nordström 	
Dorrit Groth Brandt	
Pernille Erenbjerg
	
Vice Chairman	
Board member1	
Board member
	
Nigel Hinshelwood	
Robin Lawther	
Torbjörn Magnusson
	
Board member	
Board member	
Board member
	
Gerhard Olsson	
Hans Christian Riise	
Sarah Russell
	
Board member1	
Board member1	
Board member
	
Silvija Seres	
Birger Steen	
Maria Varsellona
	
Board member	
Board member	
Board member
	
	
Casper von Koskull
	
	
President and CEO
Auditor’s note
	
	
A report on the audit performed has been issued today.
	
	
Helsinki 26 February 2019
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
1)	 Employee representative.
Signing
The Board of Directors’ and the CEO’s signing of the Board of Directors’ report and the 
Financial Statements 2018
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 451 ---
Auditor’s report
256
Auditor’s report (Translation of the Swedish original)
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion
In our opinion  
•	 the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and financial performance 
and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU
•	 the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company’s financial performance and financial position in 
accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements in Finland and comply 
with statutory requirements.
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018. The financial statements comprise: 
•	 the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, 
statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies
•	 the parent company’s balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing 
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Independence
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and to the 
group companies are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit 
services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provid-
ed are disclosed in Note G8 Other expenses/Auditors’ fees to the consolidated financial statements.
Our Audit Approach
Overview
•	 Overall group materiality: € 200 million, which represents 5 % of operating profit.
•	 The group audit scope encompassed all significant group companies, as well a number of smaller 
group companies in Nordic countries and Luxembourg, covering the vast majority of revenue, 
assets and liabilities.
•	 Impairment of loans to customers
•	 Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
•	 Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
•	 IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting.
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signifi-
cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 452 ---
Auditor’s report
257
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance 
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They 
are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic deci-
sions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall 
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and 
to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole.
 
Overall group materiality
€ 200 million
How we determined it
5 % of operating profit
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose operating profit as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the 
benchmark against which the performance of the group is most commonly 
measured by users, and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 5% 
which is within the range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds 
in auditing standards.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit, taking into account the structure of the Nordea group, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the group operates.
We determined the type of work that needed to be performed at group companies by us, as the group engagement team, 
or by component auditors from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction.  Where the work was performed 
by component auditors, we issued specific instructions to reporting component auditors which included our risk analysis, 
materiality and audit approach to centralized systems. Audits were performed in group companies which were considered 
significant either because of their individual financial significance or due to their specific nature, covering the majority of 
revenue, assets and liabilities of the group.
By performing the procedures above at group companies, combined with additional procedures at the group level, we have 
obtained sufficient and appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the group as a whole to provide a basis 
for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the finan-
cial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other mat-
ters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 453 ---
Auditor’s report
258
Key audit matter in the audit of the group
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment of loans to customer
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judge-
ments and estimation uncertainty), Note G10 – Net loan loss-
es and Note G13 – Loans and impairment to the consolidated 
financial statements.
IFRS 9, the new accounting standard for financial instru-
ments, came into effect on 1 January 2018 and has significant 
impact on processes and models for impairment of loans to 
customers. 
IFRS 9 categorises loans into three stages depending on the 
level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for each individual 
loan. For loans without significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 1, expected credit losses are calculated for estimated 
defaults within 12 months. For loans where there is a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 
3, a lifetime of expected losses are calculated. 
Expected credit losses are calculated as a function of the 
probability of default, the exposure at default and the loss 
given default, as well as the timing of the loss. These calcula-
tions are a central part of the  assessment of impairment of 
loans to customers. The calculations include critical judge-
ments and estimates.
IFRS 9 also allows for expert credit judgement to be applied 
to loan loss provisioning.
This is also a key audit matters with respect to our audit of 
the parent company financial statements.
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal 
controls over financial reporting and substantive testing. 
The testing of internal controls included procedures relat-
ing to the governance structure, segregation of duties and 
key controls in the lending processes. 
We had a special focus on loans to customers in the ship-
ping, offshore and oil services, exposures affected by US 
sanctions and the Agricultural sector in Denmark due to 
the macro economic environment impacting these 
industries. 
In addition, our credit modelling experts have performed 
recalculations for a sample of loans and model outputs in 
order for us to obtain comfort over the calculated ECL.
We have also audited adjustments related to expert credit 
judgements. We have assessed that rationale exists to 
account for the adjustments at year-end and we have 
reviewed minutes of Risk Committee meetings to ensure 
that the correct governance procedures have been 
performed. 
In addition we have audited the financial effects and dis-
closures related to the transition to IFRS 9.
Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G18 – Derivatives and 
Hedge accounting, Note G39 – Classification of financial 
instruments and Note G40 – Assets and liabilities at fair value 
to the consolidated financial statements. 
Given the ongoing volatility and macro economic uncertainty, 
valuation of financial instruments continues to be an area of 
inherent risk. The valuation of Level II and III financial instru-
ments utilise observable, and for level III unobservable 
inputs, for recurring fair value measurements. Significant 
portfolios of financial instruments are valued based on mod-
els and certain assumptions that are not observable by third 
parties. 
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments held at 
fair value relate to: 
•	 Framework and policies relating to models and valuation;
•	 Internal controls relating to fair value hierarchy, fair value 
adjustments, price testing and model control & gover-
nance; and
•	 Disclosures of financial instruments.
This is also a key audit matters with respect to our audit of 
the parent company financial statements.
We assessed and tested the design and operating effective-
ness of the controls over:
•	 The identification, measurement and oversight of valu-
ation of financial instruments
•	 Fair value hierarchy, fair value adjustments and inde-
pendent price verification
•	 Model control and governance.
We examined the Group’s independent price verification 
processes, model validation and approval processes, con-
trols over data feeds and inputs to valuation and the Group’s 
governance and reporting processes and controls. 
For the valuations dependent on unobservable inputs or 
which involve a higher degree of judgment, we assessed 
the assumptions, methodologies and models used by the 
Group. We performed an independent valuation of a sample 
of positions.
In respect of fair value adjustments, specifically Credit, Debt 
and Funding fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA and FFVA) 
for derivatives we assessed the methodology applied, 
underlying models and assumptions made by the Group 
and compared it with our knowledge of current industry 
practice. We tested the controls over the data inputs to the 
underlying models and on a sample basis tested underlying 
transactions back to supporting evidence.
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 454 ---
Auditor’s report
259
Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty) and Note G27 – Liabilities to poli-
cyholders to the consolidated financial statements. 
Technical provisions involves subjective judgments over 
uncertain future outcomes. The value is based on models 
where significant judgment is applied in setting economic 
assumptions, actuarial assumptions as well as customer 
behavior. Changes in these assumptions can materially 
impact the valuation of technical provisions. 
We assessed the design and tested operating effective-
ness of the controls over the process for calculating provi-
sions within the Life business. 
Our audit also included assessments of applied methods, 
models and assumptions used in calculating the provi-
sions. We have on a sample basis performed recalcula-
tions of the provisions. The audit was carried out involving 
PwC actuaries.
It systems supporting processes 
over financial reporting
Due to the significant number of transactions that are pro-
cessed, the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent 
on IT systems supporting automated accounting and recon-
ciliation procedures. To ensure complete and accurate finan-
cial records it is important that controls over appropriate 
access rights, program development and changes are 
designed and operates effectively.
This is also a key audit matters with respect to our audit of 
the parent company financial statements.
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness for 
controls related to the IT systems relevant for financial 
reporting. Our assessment included, access to program 
and data as well as program development and changes.
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well 
as appropriate segregation of duties. Other areas tested 
included monitoring of IT systems and controls over 
changes to IT-systems.
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 with 
respect to the consolidated financial statements or the parent company financial statements.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, 
and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the prepa-
ration of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the 
parent company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or to cease operations, or there 
is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assur-
ance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 455 ---
Auditor’s report
260
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company’s or 
the group’s internal control. 
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or condi-
tions that may cast significant doubt on the parent company’s or the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclo-
sures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern. 
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and wheth-
er the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true 
and fair view. 
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with-
in the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervi-
sion and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our 
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical require-
ments regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most sig-
nificance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment
As set forth in the Memorandum of Association of Nordea Bank Abp, we have acted as the auditor as of 21 September 2017. 
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of one financial year.
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information compris-
es the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report, but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.  
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 456 ---
Auditor’s report
261
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our 
responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with 
the applicable laws and regulations.
In our opinion
•	 the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements
•	 the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Other Statements
We support the proposal that the financial statements are adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of profits is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director of the parent company should be discharged from liability for the financial period 
audited by us.
Helsinki 26 February 2019
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Annual Report 2018

--- Page 457 ---
- 225 - 
ANNEX 3  
UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2020

--- Page 458 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
34
Q3
Income statement
Q3
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
Note
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
1,271
1,604
4,187
4,783
6,399
Other interest income
284
334
869
1,036
1,350
Negative yield on financial assets
-73
-62
-198
-208
-309
Interest expense
-384
-843
-1,672
-2,550
-3,334
Negative yield on financial liabilities
48
50
160
149
212
Net interest income
1,146
1,083
3,346
3,210
4,318
Fee and commission income
939
976
2,817
2,905
3,931
Fee and commission expense
-210
-220
-650
-669
-920
Net fee and commission income
3
729
756
2,167
2,236
3,011
Net result from items at fair value
4
274
211
701
758
1,024
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
6
13
-6
51
50
Other operating income
17
22
57
86
232
Total operating income
2,172
2,085
6,265
6,341
8,635
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
Staff costs
-686
-924
-2,030
-2,369
-3,017
Other expenses
5
-245
-366
-967
-1,264
-1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
-158
-885
-428
-1,174
-1,330
Total operating expenses
-1,089
-2,175
-3,425
-4,807
-5,986
Profit before loan losses
1,083
-90
2,840
1,534
2,649
Net loan losses
6
2
-331
-850
-434
-536
Operating profit
1,085
-421
1,990
1,100
2,113
Income tax expense
-248
89
-450
-308
-571
Net profit for the period 
837
-332
1,540
792
1,542
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
837
-332
1,513
766
1,519
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
0
0
27
26
26
Non-controlling interests
-
-
-
-
-3
Total
837
-332
1,540
792
1,542
Basic earnings per share, EUR
0.21
-0.08
0.37
0.19
0.38
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
0.21
-0.08
0.37
0.19
0.38
Statement of comprehensive income
Q3
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Net profit for the period
837
-332
1,540
792
1,542
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences 
-153
-124
-701
-91
18
Tax on currency translation differences 
-
-
-
1
1
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
Valuation gains/losses 
94
67
415
25
-62
Tax on valuation gains/losses
-
-13
-
-2
16
Fair value through other comprehensive income:1
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling
57
-22
13
-11
-16
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
-12
4
-1
2
2
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling
4
20
30
21
-18
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
-1
-5
-7
-4
4
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
-7
0
1
0
1
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
2
0
0
0
0
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
Valuation gains/losses 
-4
1
-7
-13
-15
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
0
1
2
3
2
Defined benefit plans:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans
-15
-185
-246
-442
-152
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans
3
41
49
97
34
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
-32
-215
-452
-414
-185
Total comprehensive income 
805
-547
1,088
378
1,357
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
805
-547
1,061
352
1,334
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
0
0
27
26
26
Non-controlling interests
-
-
-
-
-3
Total
805
-547
1,088
378
1,357
1 Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 459 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
35
Q3
Balance sheet
30 Sep
31 Dec
30 Sep
Note
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Assets
8
Cash and balances with central banks 
48,928
35,509
31,337
Loans to central banks
7
4,430
9,207
8,153
Loans to credit institutions
7
10,361
8,516
20,067
Loans to the public
7
320,186
322,740
328,268
Interest-bearing securities
68,185
64,930
66,202
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
6,510
7,151
6,092
Shares 
12,794
14,184
14,919
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
32,730
30,799
29,350
Derivatives 
45,434
39,111
51,791
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
373
217
372
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
549
572
1,377
Intangible assets
3,637
3,695
3,595
Property and equipment
1,908
2,002
1,972
Investment properties
1,573
1,585
1,603
Deferred tax assets
394
487
334
Current tax assets
392
362
782
Retirement benefit assets
74
173
156
Other assets
15,301
12,543
18,316
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
1,015
1,065
1,169
Total assets
574,774
554,848
585,855
Liabilities
8
Deposits by credit institutions
39,076
32,304
45,308
Deposits and borrowings from the public
189,971
168,725
168,326
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
33,811
31,859
30,274
Liabilities to policyholders
17,199
19,246
19,051
Debt securities in issue 
180,237
193,726
190,859
Derivatives 
45,308
42,047
53,742
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,934
2,018
3,248
Current tax liabilities
187
742
304
Other liabilities
22,663
19,868
30,688
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
1,409
1,476
1,578
Deferred tax liabilities
436
481
727
Provisions
615
570
612
Retirement benefit obligations
547
439
694
Subordinated liabilities
7,828
9,819
9,907
Total liabilities
542,221
523,320
555,318
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
750
748
750
Non-controlling interests
9
40
43
Share capital
4,050
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,070
1,080
1,080
Other reserves
-2,515
-2,062
-2,290
Retained earnings
29,189
27,672
26,904
Total equity
32,553
31,528
30,537
Total liabilities and equity
574,774
554,848
585,855
Off balance sheet commitments
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
175,339
183,995
182,238
Other assets pledged1
240
20
20
Contingent liabilities
18,880
17,792
17,687
Credit commitments2
87,719
75,330
76,959
Other commitments
1,794
1,733
1,722
1 Includes interest-bearing securities pledged as security for payment settlements with the central banks and clearing institutions. From the third quarter
  of 2020 only securities that are pledged for overnight liquidity are disclosed (pledged securities for intraday liquidity are excluded). Comparative figures have 
  been restated.
2 Including unutilised portion of approved overdraft facilities of EUR 34,277m (31 December 2019: EUR 28,871m, 30 September 2019: EUR 29,892m).

--- Page 460 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
36
Q3
Statement of changes in equity
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1 
 Invested 
un- 
restricted 
equity
Trans-
lation of 
foreign 
opera-
tions
Cash 
flow 
hedges
Fair 
value 
through 
other 
compre-
hensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own 
credit risk 
related to 
liabilities 
classified 
as fair 
value 
option
Retained 
earnings
Total
Addi-
tional 
Tier 1 
capital 
holders
Non-
cont-
rolling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2020
4,050
1,080
-1,941
-26
45
-135
-5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,513
1,513
27
-
1,540
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
-286
23
12
-197
-5
1
-452
-
-
-452
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-286
23
12
-197
-5
1,514
1,061
27
-
1,088
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-27
-
-27
Change in additional AT1 
capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2
-
2
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3
3
-
-
3
Purchase of own shares2
-
-10
-
-
-
-
-
-
-10
-
-
-10
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-31
-31
Balance at 30 Sep 2020
4,050
1,070
-2,227
-3
57
-332
-10
29,189
31,794
750
9
32,553
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
-1,914
-12
59
-17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,519
1,519
26
-3
1,542
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
-27
-14
-14
-118
-13
1
-185
-
-
-185
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-27
-14
-14
-118
-13
1,520
1,334
26
-3
1,357
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-26
-
-26
Change in additional AT1 
capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-2
-
-2
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
20
20
-
-
20
Dividend 2018
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-2,788
-2,788
-
-
-2,788
Divestment of own shares2
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
29
29
-
-
29
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
37
37
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
4,050
1,080
-1,941
-26
45
-135
-5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
-1,914
-12
59
-17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
766
766
26
-
792
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
-67
17
-9
-345
-10
-
-414
-
-
-414
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-67
17
-9
-345
-10
766
352
26
-
378
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-26
-
-26
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
15
15
-
-
15
Dividend 2018
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-2,788
-2,788
-
-
-2,788
Purchase of own shares2
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
20
20
-
-
20
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
37
37
Balance at 30 Sep 2019
4,050
1,080
-1,981
5
50
-362
-2
26,904
29,744
750
43
30,537
1 Total shares registered were 4,050 million (31 December 2019: 4,050 million, 30 September 2019: 4,050 million). The number of own shares was 11.5
  million (31 December 2019: 10.8 million, 30 September 2019: 12.4 million), which represents 0.3% (31 December 2019: 0.3%, 30 September 2019: 0.3%) 
  of the total shares in Nordea. Each share represents one voting right.
2 Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to treasury shares held for remuneration purposes and to the trading portfolio. The number of 
  treasury shares held for remuneration purposes was 8.2 million (31 December 2019: 9.2 million, 30 September 2019: 9.2 million).

--- Page 461 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
37
Q3
Cash flow statement, condensed 
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Operating activities
Operating profit
1,990
1,100
2,113
Adjustments for items not included in cash flow
2,130
6,331
5,024
Income taxes paid
-910
-898
-816
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
3,210
6,533
6,321
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
12,169
-13,063
-8,853
Cash flow from operating activities
15,379
-6,530
-2,532
Investing activities
Acquisition/sale of business operations
-
-447
-472
Acquisition/sale of associated undertakings and joint ventures
-6
710
853
Acquisition/sale of property and equipment
-41
-26
-55
Acquisition/sale of intangible assets
-296
-368
-517
Cash flow from investing activities
-343
-131
-191
Financing activities
Issued/amortised subordinated liabilities
-1,709
511
511
Divestment/repurchase of own shares, including change in trading portfolio
-10
20
29
Dividend paid
-
-2,788
-2,788
Paid interest on Additional Tier 1 capital
-27
-26
-26
Cash flow from financing activities
-1,746
-2,283
-2,274
Cash flow for the period
13,290
-8,944
-4,997
Cash and cash equivalents
30 Sep
30 Sep
31 Dec
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period
41,164
46,009
46,009
Translation difference
-547
457
152
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period
53,907
37,522
41,164
Change 
13,290
-8,944
-4,997
The following items are included in cash and cash equivalents: 
Cash and balances with central banks
48,928
31,337
35,509
Loans to central banks
4,141
5,283
4,826
Loans to credit institutions
838
902
829
Total cash and cash equivalents
53,907
37,522
41,164
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign currencies. Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with central banks and postal 
giro systems under government authority where the following conditions are fulfilled:
- the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in the country where the institution is established
- the balance on the account is readily available at any time.
Loans to credit institutions payable on demand include liquid assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 462 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
38
Q3
Notes to the financial statements
Note 1
Accounting policies
The consolidated interim financial statements are prepared 
in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, as 
endorsed by the European Union (EU). 
The report includes a condensed set of financial 
statements and is to be read in conjunction with the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019. The accounting policies and methods of 
computation are unchanged in comparison with Note G1 in 
the Annual Report 2019, except for those relating to the 
items presented in the section “Changed accounting 
policies and presentation” below. For more information, see 
Note G1 in the Annual Report 2019. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation
The following changes in accounting policies and 
presentation were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 
2020.
Changed presentation of trading in own shares 
(treasury shares)
Acquisitions of own shares are, as of 1 January 2020, 
reported as a deduction in “Invested unrestricted equity” 
and sales of own shares as an increase of “Invested 
unrestricted equity”. Nordea’s earlier policy was to present 
acquisitions and sales in “Retained earnings”. Comparative 
figures have not been restated.
Changed presentation of reportable operating 
segments
Nordea has, to reflect the current reporting and decision-
making process in Nordea, changed the presentation of 
reportable operating segments and the definition of the 
chief operating decision-maker. For more information see 
the section “Changes in basis of segmentation” in Note 2 
“Segment reporting”.
Other amendments
The following new and amended standards issued by IASB 
were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2020 but have 
not had any significant impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements: 

Amendments to References to the Conceptual 
Framework in IFRS Standards

Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business

Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of 
material

Amendments to IFRS 16: Leases COVID-19-
related rent concessions
Changes in IFRS not yet applied
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 
“Insurance contracts”. The new standard will change the 
accounting requirements for the recognition, measurement, 
presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-
uniform accounting policy based on the local accounting 
policies in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform 
accounting policy based on the three measurement models 
Building Block Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach 
(VFA) and Premium Allocation Approach (PAA). The model 
application depends on the terms of the contracts (long 
term, long term with a variable fee or short term). The three 
measurement models include consistent definitions of the 
contractual cash flows, risk adjustment margin and 
discounting. These definitions are based on similar 
principles to the measurement principles for technical 
provisions in the Solvency II capital requirement directives. 
Unearned future premiums will be recognised as a 
provision on the balance sheet and released to revenue 
when the insurance service is provided. Any unprofitable 
contracts will be recognised in the income statement at the 
time when the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier application 
permitted. The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU 
Commission. Nordea does not currently intend to adopt the 
standard early. Nordea’s current assessment is that the 
new standard will not have any significant impact on 
Nordea’s capital adequacy or large exposures in the period 
of initial application. It is not yet possible to conclude on the 
impact on Nordea’s financial statements.
Interest rate benchmark reform – Phase 2
The IASB has published amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, 
IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 in “Interest Rate Benchmark 
Reform – Phase 2”. Phase 2 of the IBOR reform includes 
three major areas: hedge accounting, modifications and 
disclosures.
The amendment clarifies that hedge accounting does not 
have to be discontinued just because hedged items and 
hedging instruments are modified due to the IBOR reform. 
Hedging relationships (and related documentation) must be 
amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, 
hedging instrument and hedged risk. Any valuation 
adjustments resulting from the amendments are recognised 
as part of hedge ineffectiveness.
It is clarified that modifications required as a direct 
consequence of the IBOR reform and made on an 
economically equivalent basis are not accounted for as 
modifications for instruments measured at amortised cost. 
For such modifications, the effective interest rate is 
amended in line with the modified cash flows.
The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2021, with earlier 
application permitted. Nordea does not expect to adopt the 
amendment early.

--- Page 463 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
39
Q3
The amendment is expected to result in hedge 
relationships in Nordea being able to continue as before 
and no material modification gains or losses being 
recognised. For this reason, the amendment is not 
assessed to have any significant impact on Nordea’s 
financial statements, capital adequacy or large exposures 
in the period of initial application of the amendments in 
comparison with the current situation.
Other amendments to IFRS
Other amendments to IFRS are not assessed to have any 
significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy or large exposures in the period of their initial 
application.
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
Nordea has applied significant critical judgements in the 
preparation of the interim report for the first nine months of 
2020 due to the significant uncertainties concerning the 
potential long-term impact of COVID-19 on Nordea’s 
financial statements. More information on where critical 
judgements are generally applied and where estimation 
uncertainty exists can be found in the Annual Report 2019, 
Note G1 “Accounting policies”, section 4. Areas particularly 
important in the first nine months of 2020 are the fair value 
measurement of certain financial instruments, impairment 
testing of goodwill and loans to the public/credit institutions, 
and assessment of expected lease terms.
Critical judgements are applied when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or 
recently observed market prices. In all of these instances, 
decisions are based on professional judgement in 
accordance with Nordea’s accounting and valuation 
policies. The fair values of financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value using a valuation technique, levels 2 
and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, amounted to EUR 
184,767m and EUR 132,562m, respectively, at the end of 
the third quarter of 2020 and EUR 185,148m and EUR 
151,751m, respectively, at the end of the fourth quarter of 
2019. More information on financial instruments held at fair 
value on Nordea’s balance sheet can be found in Note 10.
No impairment of goodwill has been identified in the period, 
but significant estimation uncertainty exists in relation to the 
long-term impact on Nordea’s financial statements and the 
impairment need will be continuously reassessed. Nordea’s 
total goodwill amounted to EUR 1,866m at the end of the 
third quarter of 2020 and EUR 1,969m at the end of the 
fourth quarter of 2019. Nordea has updated the cash flow 
projections in the third quarter to reflect the best estimate of 
the impact of COVID-19. Cash flows are projected for up 
until the end of 2023 and the long-term growth assumption 
is used for periods after that. The discount rate used for the 
test in the third quarter is on average 5.8% post-tax and the 
long term growth is on average 1.5%. The Cash 
Generating Units have changed as a result of changes in 
operating segments in the first quarter. The test is now 
performed on the five operating segments, as described in 
Note 2. An increase in the discount rate of 1%-point or a 
reduction in the future growth rate of 1%-point are 
considered to be reasonably possible changes in key 
assumptions. Such changes would not result in any 
impairment.
Critical judgement has been applied in the assessment of 
when loans have experienced a significant increase in 
credit risk (staging) and in the application of macro 
scenarios when estimating the increase in expected credit 
losses. More information on the impairment testing of loans 
to the public/credit institutions can be found on page 12 
and in Note 7. Information on sensitivities to rating and 
scoring migrations can be found in the section 
“Sensitivities” in Note 7.
No changes in expected lease terms for premises lease 
contracts or impairments of right-of-use assets have been 
identified in the first nine months 2020, but the impact of 
COVID-19 on the future premises strategies will be closely 
monitored going forward. The carrying amount of right-of-
use assets amounted to EUR 1,440m at the end of the third 
quarter of 2020 and EUR 1,506m at the end of the fourth 
quarter of 2019.
Acquisition of SG Finans AS
On 1 October 2020 the acquisition of SG Finans AS was 
completed and a preliminary purchase price of EUR 604m 
was paid to Société Générale. There is in addition a 
maximum contingent consideration of NOK 244m (EUR 
22m converted using spot rate at 30 September 2020) to 
be paid if Nordea receives permission to use the IRB 
models in SG Finans AS before 1 October 2021. The 
purchase price allocation will be disclosed in the Fourth 
Quarter Interim Report.
The transaction is expected to have a positive impact on 
the Nordea Group’s total annual income of about EUR 
140m and decrease the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio by 
approx. 35-40bp. The transaction is expected to result in a 
minor increase in the Nordea Group’s earnings per share 
and return on equity.
 
Exchange rates 
Jan-Sep
Jan-Dec
Jan-Sep
2020
2019
2019
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10.5626
10.5848
10.5660
Balance sheet (at end of period)
10.5448
10.4563
10.6985
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4581
7.4661
7.4644
Balance sheet (at end of period)
7.4458
7.4717
7.4662
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
10.7196
9.8499
9.7720
Balance sheet (at end of period)
11.0665
9.8463
9.8937
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
79.9115
72.4524
73.1143
Balance sheet (at end of period)
91.0017
69.7096
70.7395

--- Page 464 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
40
Q3
Note 2
Segment reporting
Jan-Sep 2020
Personal 
Banking 
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
operating 
segments
Total 
operating 
segments
Recon-
ciliation
Total 
Group
Total operating income, EURm
2,498
1,696
1,372
734
51
6,351
-86
6,265
 - of which internal transactions1
-351
-154
-243
-18
766
0
-
-
Operating profit, EURm
857
580
432
352
39
2,260
-270
1,990
Loans to the public2, EURbn
159
86
47
9
1
302
18
320
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
80
49
43
11
1
184
6
190
Jan-Sep 2019
Total operating income, EURm
2,613
1,581
1,177
722
155
6,248
93
6,341
 - of which internal transactions1
-391
-151
-325
-15
882
0
-
-
Operating profit, EURm
1,016
631
241
289
-919
1,258
-158
1,100
Loans to the public2, EURbn
152
82
49
8
1
292
36
328
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
75
42
34
10
1
162
6
168
1 IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined intersegment revenues as internal interest
  related to the funding of the reportable operating segments by the internal bank in Group Finance, included in "Other operating segments".
2 The volumes are only disclosed separately for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Operating profit, 
EURm
Loans to the public, 
EURbn
Deposits and 
borrowings 
from the public, 
EURbn
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Total operating segments
2,260
1,258
302
292
184
162
Group functions1 
-185
-136
-
-
-
-
Unallocated items
-58
-38
24
36
8
6
Differences in accounting policies2
-27
16
-6
0
-2
0
Total
1,990
1,100
320
328
190
168
1 Consists of Group Business Support, Group Internal Audit, Chief of Staff Office, Group People, Group Legal and Group Risk & Compliance.
2 Impact from plan exchange rates used in the segment reporting.
Measurement of operating segments' performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operating segments follow the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker (CODM), as 
required by IFRS 8. In Nordea the CODM has been defined as the Chief Executive Officer, who is supported by the other members of the Group Leadership 
Team. The main difference compared with the section "Business areas" in this report is that the information in Note 2 is prepared using plan exchange rates, 
as this is the basis used in the reporting to the CODM. 
Financial results are presented for the main business areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth 
Management. These are identified as reportable operating segments and are reported separately, as they are above the quantitative thresholds in IFRS 8. 
Other operating segments below the thresholds are included in Other operating segments. Group Functions (and eliminations), as well as the result that is not 
fully allocated to any of the operating segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
Changes in basis of segmentation
In order to reflect the current reporting to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker (CODM), and the decision-making process in Nordea, the main business areas 
have been defined as reportable operating segments as from the first quarter of 2020. The breakdowns of the different main areas have thus been removed. 
Group Finance is in addition included in Other operating segments, as it is below the threshold to be disclosed separately. Comparative figures have been 
restated accordingly, in line with the reporting to the CODM, including minor organisational changes, updates to current plan exchange rates and updates to 
current allocation principles.
The CODM has in addition been changed to the CEO, who is supported by the Group Leadership Team, to better reflect the current decision-making process 
in Nordea. Up until 2019 the Group Leadership Team was defined as the CODM.

--- Page 465 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
41
Q3
Note 3
Net fee and commission income
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Asset management commissions
372
340
359
1,071
1,067
1,455
Life and pension commissions
64
61
62
193
185
251
Deposit products
6
6
6
19
16
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
42
34
36
140
123
157
Custody and issuer services
7
10
10
22
24
41
Payments  
68
69
70
214
233
307
Cards
41
36
67
124
174
220
Lending products
104
98
113
307
314
429
Guarantees
23
21
34
66
80
111
Other
2
-2
-1
11
20
17
Total
729
673
756
2,167
2,236
3,011
Breakdown
Jan-Sep 2020
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates 
& 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment
Other 
operating 
segments
Other and 
elimination
Nordea 
Group
EURm
Asset management commissions
408
71
5
587
0
0
1,071
Life and pension commissions
141
59
3
-10
0
0
193
Deposit products
5
13
1
0
0
0
19
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
15
25
84
27
-2
-9
140
Custody and issuer services
3
2
20
1
-4
0
22
Payments  
48
115
50
1
0
0
214
Cards
105
15
5
-1
0
0
124
Lending products
87
97
117
2
4
0
307
Guarantees
6
19
41
0
0
0
66
Other
18
7
7
-16
-3
-2
11
Total
836
423
333
591
-5
-11
2,167
Breakdown
Jan-Sep 2019
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates 
& 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Manage-
ment
Other 
operating 
segments
Other and 
elimination
Nordea 
Group
EURm
Asset management commissions
407
71
3
586
0
0
1,067
Life and pension commissions
149
56
3
-23
0
0
185
Deposit products
6
9
1
0
0
0
16
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
14
22
61
24
2
0
123
Custody and issuer services
5
3
24
-4
-4
0
24
Payments  
63
119
48
1
2
0
233
Cards
135
22
9
0
0
8
174
Lending products
92
96
123
2
1
0
314
Guarantees
6
27
48
0
0
-1
80
Other
18
8
13
-19
2
-2
20
Total
895
433
333
567
3
5
2,236
Note 4
 Net result from items at fair value
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Equity-related instruments
28
150
58
103
428
734
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses
91
159
165
730
254
110
Other financial instruments (including credit and commodities)
135
-12
-17
-199
30
103
Life & Pensions1
20
21
5
67
46
77
Total
274
318
211
701
758
1,024
1 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life & Pensions consequently provides the true impact from the life insurance
  operations.
Break-down of Life & Pensions 
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Equity-related instruments
400
735
343
-91
1,234
1,571
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses
81
147
16
137
257
283
Investment properties
55
18
40
84
88
123
Change in technical provisions1
-346
-704
-446
-365
-1,558
-1,794
Change in collective bonus potential
-184
-189
43
264
-2
-139
Insurance risk income
16
16
18
48
51
66
Insurance risk expense
-2
-2
-9
-10
-24
-33
Total
20
21
5
67
46
77
1 Premium income amounts to EUR 44m for the third quarter of 2020 and EUR 144m for January-September 2020 (Third quarter of 2019: EUR 56m, 
  January-September 2019: EUR 208m).

--- Page 466 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
42
Q3
Note 5
Other expenses
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Information technology
-97
-122
-125
-339
-390
-530
Marketing and representation
-8
-8
-13
-25
-39
-59
Postage, transportation, telephone and office expenses
-13
-13
-15
-41
-50
-66
Rents, premises and real estate 
-35
-34
-29
-96
-86
-150
Resolution fee
0
-49
-2
-202
-210
-211
Other 
-92
-77
-182
-264
-489
-623
Total
-245
-303
-366
-967
-1,264
-1,639
Note 6
Net loan losses
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Net loan losses, stage 1
79
-200
-35
-144
-22
-18
Net loan losses, stage 2
-15
-201
-49
-203
-61
-69
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
64
-401
-84
-347
-83
-87
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated
-3
-80
-40
-170
-39
-48
Realised loan losses
-151
-125
-75
-345
-304
-452
Decrease in provisions to cover realised loan losses
119
90
49
247
223
321
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
7
6
8
44
22
47
Reimbursement right
0
0
-12
-1
4
3
New/increase in provisions 
-90
-253
-222
-510
-421
-571
Reversals of provisions
56
65
45
232
164
251
Net loan losses, defaulted
-62
-297
-247
-503
-351
-449
Net loan losses
2
-698
-331
-850
-434
-536
Key ratios
Q3
Q2
Q3
Jan-Sep
Jan-Sep
Full year
2020
2020
2019
2020
2019
2019
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, bp
0
115
55
47
24
22
- of which stage 1
-13
33
6
8
1
1
- of which stage 2
3
33
8
11
3
3
- of which stage 3
10
49
41
28
20
18

--- Page 467 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
43
Q3
Note 7
Loans and impairment
Total
30 Sep
31 Dec
30 Sep
2020
2019
2019
EURm
Loans measured at fair value
87,515
83,624
100,200
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stages 1 and 2)
245,777
254,412
253,808
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,219
4,610
4,678
- of which servicing
1,740
2,312
2,175
- of which non-servicing
2,479
2,298
2,503
Loans before allowances
337,511
342,646
358,686
-of which central banks and credit institutions
14,802
17,737
28,235
Allowances for individually assessed impaired loans (stage 3)
-1,816
-1,686
-1,702
-of which servicing
-732
-783
-798
-of which non-servicing
-1,084
-903
-904
Allowances for collectively assessed impaired loans (stages 1 and 2)
-718
-497
-496
Allowances
-2,534
-2,183
-2,198
-of which central banks and credit institutions
-11
-14
-15
Loans, carrying amount
334,977
340,463
356,488
Exposures measured at amortised cost and fair value through OCI, before allowances
30 Sep 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
232,201
13,576
4,219
249,996
Interest-bearing securities1
37,640
-
-
37,640
Total
269,841
13,576
4,219
287,636
1 Of which EUR 774m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
 
30 Sep 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
242,819
10,989
4,678
258,486
Interest-bearing securities1
29,579
-
-
29,579
Total
272,398
10,989
4,678
288,065
1 Of which EUR 2,552m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Allowances and provisions
30 Sep 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
-255
-463
-1,816
-2,534
Interest-bearing securities
-2
-
-
-2
Provisions for off-balance-sheet items
-74
-149
-31
-254
Total allowances and provisions
-331
-612
-1,847
-2,790
30 Sep 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
-160
-336
-1,702
-2,198
Interest-bearing securities
-2
-
-
-2
Provisions for off-balance-sheet items
-30
-67
-61
-158
Total allowances and provisions
-192
-403
-1,763
-2,358
Movements of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020
-153
-344
-1,686
-2,183
Changes due to origination and acquisition
-47
-18
-10
-75
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2
7
-137
-
-130
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3
1
-
-77
-76
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1
-19
48
-
29
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3
-
16
-45
-29
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1
-1
-
6
5
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-28
35
7
Changes due to change in credit risk (net)
-60
-26
-327
-413
Changes due to repayments and disposals
12
20
28
60
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
-
-
190
190
Translation differences
5
6
70
81
Balance as at 30 Sep 2020
-255
-463
-1,816
-2,534

--- Page 468 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
44
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Balance as at 1 Jan 2019
-146
-295
-1,599
-2,040
Changes due to origination and acquisition
-25
-2
1
-26
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2
5
-64
-
-59
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3
1
-
-31
-30
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1
-17
54
-
37
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3
-
15
-86
-71
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1
-8
-
28
20
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-20
21
1
Changes due to change in credit risk (net)
15
-4
-260
-249
Changes due to repayments and disposals
19
25
48
92
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
-
-
216
216
Changes due to update in the methodology for estimation (net)
-
-40
-13
-53
Other changes
-5
-5
-28
-38
Translation differences
1
0
1
2
Balance as at 30 Sep 2019
-160
-336
-1,702
-2,198
Key ratios1
30 Sep
31 Dec
30 Sep
2020
2019
2019
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross, basis points
169
178
181
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points
96
113
115
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3), basis points
101
84
85
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), %
43
37
36
Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2, basis points
29
20
20
1 For definitions, see Glossary.
Forbearance
Forbearance refers to eased terms or restructuring of credit terms and conditions due to the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. The intention of 
granting forbearance for a limited period of time is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding debt. Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation 
profile, repayment schedule, customer margin or eased financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on an individual basis, according to internal 
guidelines, and followed by impairment testing. Forborne exposures can be performing or non-performing. Loan loss provisions are recognised if necessary. 
Customers with forbearance measures are transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit impaired (stage 3). 
On 13 March 2020 Nordea announced that it would offer COVID-19 instalment-free periods to household and business customers in all Nordic countries who 
were in need of one due to the COVID-19 situation. The COVID-19 instalment-free periods were generally granted to customers experiencing only short-term 
liquidity issues due to COVID-19, and were offered only to SMEs and household customers, though not for consumer lending. Nordea did not register COVID-
19 instalment-free periods as forbearance, and consequently did not automatically transfer the exposures to stage 2, due to the temporary nature of the 
instalment-free periods and as interest continued to accrue. On 1 October 2020 Nordea ended all temporary amendments to the credit risk framework and 
returned to the normal forbearance registration procedures, while still continuing to support customers through the crisis.
The carrying amount of loans where Nordea had granted COVID-19 related instalment-free periods at the end of the third quarter of 2020 amounted to EUR 
18.5bn, of which 90.9% was classified as stage 1, 8.5% as stage 2 and 0.6% as stage 3 (EUR 16.3bn, of which 92.8% was classified as stage 1, 6.9% as 
stage 2 and 0.3% as stage 3, at the end of June 2020). 
Sensitivities
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if staging triggers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on provisions from a one-notch 
downgrade on all exposures in the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all exposures as well as the impact of transferring exposures that 
reach the trigger from stage 1 to stage 2. It also includes the impact from the exposures with one rating grade above default becoming default, which is 
estimated at EUR 150m (EUR 141m at year-end 2019). This figure is based on calculations with the statistical model rather than individual estimates as would 
be the case in reality for material defaulted loans.
30 Sep 2020
31 Dec 2019
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one  
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
EURm
Personal Banking
539
703
412
566
Business Banking
1,259
1,410
1,038
1,184
Large Corporates & Institutions
990
1,064
868
945
Other
2
17
10
20
Group
2,790
3,194
2,328
2,715

--- Page 469 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
45
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Forward-looking information
Forward-looking information is used both for assessing significant increases in credit risk and the calculation of expected credit losses. Nordea uses three 
macroeconomic scenarios: a baseline scenario, a favourable scenario and an adverse scenario. For the third quarter of 2020, the scenarios have been 
weighted into the final expected credit losses (ECL) using baseline 50%, adverse 45% and favourable 5% (baseline 60%, adverse 20% and favourable 20% 
at year-end 2019). The weight on the adverse scenario was increased in the third quarter of 2020 to give more weight to the downside risks surrounding the 
expiry of customer support measures and the continuation of the pandemic. The baseline scenario was still maintained as the most probable one. 
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) in Nordea, based on the Oxford Economics Model. The forecast is a 
combination of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thorough checks and quality control processes. The model has been built to give a good 
description of the historical relationships between economic variables and to capture the key linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the 
model is ten years, and for periods beyond, a long-term average is used in the ECL calculations. 
The macroeconomic scenarios reflect Nordea’s view of how the COVID-19 virus and lockdowns will potentially impact the economic outlook. The scenarios 
also reflect the macroeconomic effects of government and central bank support measures. When developing the scenarios, Nordea took into account 
projections from Nordic governments and central banks, Nordea Research and the ECB’s macroeconomic forecasts for the euro area.  
During the third quarter of 2020 there was a significant recovery of activity in the relevant economies following an unprecedented downturn in the spring 
driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdowns. However, international organisations predict that the remaining global recovery will be slow. In the Nordics, 
economic activity is expected to continue to pick up, but growth will be slow, partly due to sluggish global demand and because a further reopening of society 
has recently been put on hold or even reversed owing to rising infection rates. Unemployment is expected to remain elevated for an extended period of time 
and the number of business insolvencies is likely to increase. Going forward, the rise in unemployment is expected to weigh on housing markets. While the 
pandemic continues to dominate the risk outlook, a number of other risks have the potential to influence the economic outlook. The US-China trade war is 
threatening to escalate, the US presidential election is drawing closer and post-Brexit trade negotiation deadlines are looming.
The adjustments to model-based provisions amount to EUR 669m, including management judgements amounting to EUR 650m and late corrections of EUR 
19m. This management judgement covers projected loan losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model. The cyclical reserve amounted to EUR 440m at the 
end of the third quarter of 2020 (EUR 430m at the end of the second quarter of 2020) and identified issues in the IFRS 9 model to be later covered in model 
updates (structural reserve) amounted to EUR 210m (EUR 220m at the end of the second quarter of 2020). The cyclical reserve is supported by additional 
portfolio modelling, and triggered by the substantial uncertainty in the macroeconomic development, as well as the need to account for future rating 
downgrades potentially underestimated by the IFRS 9 model through the updated macroeconomic scenarios.
The estimation of the cyclical reserve was largely unchanged in the third quarter of 2020 compared with the second quarter of 2020. One important source of 
information in the estimation of the cyclical reserve is the internal stress testing model, adjusted for the impact of government support schemes. For the retail 
portfolio, the most important public sector actions have been the various forms of labour market support schemes, which have significantly decreased the 
expected defaults and losses amongst households. Due to the wide scope of these schemes, Nordea decreased the modelled development of new defaults 
originally predicted by the internal stress testing models, leading to lower predicted loan losses. These models are based on historical observations and 
correlations. Thus, they are not capable of replicating the impact of the current government support schemes. 
With regard to the expected rating migration in the corporate portfolio, Nordea took into consideration the positive impact of the various government guarantee 
and support schemes, addressing primarily the liquidity shock caused by the lockdowns and quarantines. At the same time, additional negative rating 
migration was assumed for the industries affected by COVID-19. This was based on a widescale bottom-up review of large counterparties in the particularly 
sensitive industries (e.g. Retail trade, Accommodation and leisure, and Air transportation), and incorporated the main findings into the scenario projections. 
The stress test model-based scenario simulations were used to challenge the internal bottom-up loan loss forecasts by the business areas, which helped 
Nordea to ensure that the loan loss projections were sufficiently conservative. The cyclical reserve decided on by management aims to adjust the outcome in 
the IFRS 9 models so that it comprises the range of expected losses rather than the top range of the projections, and covers a substantial realisation of 
projected losses in the fourth quarter of 2020.

--- Page 470 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
46
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Scenarios and allowances/provisions
Adjustment
30 Sep 2020
Model-based
model-based
Individual
Total
Unweighted
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
ECL
Probability
provisions
provisions1
provisions
provisions
Denmark
2021
2022
2023
EURm
weight
EURm
EURm
EURm
EURm
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
4.7
2.4
1.9
235
5%
Unemployment, %
4.3
3.9
3.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
5.8
1.5
1.2
Change in house prices, %
-0.7
0.2
2.4
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
3.0
2.5
2.5
245
50%
252
198
397
847
Unemployment, %
5.6
4.8
4.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
4.3
1.0
1.3
Change in house prices, %
-2.8
0.5
2.7
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
0
3.6
4.0
262
45%
Unemployment, %
7.5
6.8
6.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.4
2.2
2.5
Change in house prices, %
-6.0
-4.7
2.7
Finland
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
3.5
2.4
1.8
201
5%
Unemployment, %
7.2
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.5
1.9
2.1
Change in house prices, %
-1.0
-0.2
2.3
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
2.5
2.0
2.2
220
50%
236
174
262
672
Unemployment, %
8.0
7.7
7.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.9
1.0
1.9
Change in house prices, %
-2.7
0
2.5
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-1.9
3.4
3.3
258
45%
Unemployment, %
10.0
9.2
8.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
-1.5
2.2
2.2
Change in house prices, %
-6.7
-5.7
2.5
Norway
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
2.9
3.6
2.8
74
5%
Unemployment, %
5.1
4.2
3.9
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.4
2.9
2.4
Change in house prices, %
-0.7
-0.2
2.6
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
1.9
4.0
2.9
78
50%
82
179
363
624
Unemployment, %
6.1
5.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.8
3.1
1.9
Change in house prices, %
-2.9
0.2
3.0
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-0.3
3.1
3.7
88
45%
Unemployment, %
7.1
6.7
5.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
0.7
2.2
2.4
Change in house prices, %
-10.2
-9.3
3.2
Sweden
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
4.1
2.4
2.3
103
5%
Unemployment, %
8.3
7.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.8
2.3
2.1
Change in house prices, %
-2.5
-0.2
2.7
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
1.8
5.4
3.0
112
50%
117
113
108
338
Unemployment, %
10.0
8.1
7.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
0.6
5.0
2.5
Change in house prices, %
-4.6
-0.1
3.3
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-1.9
3.8
3.7
124
45%
Unemployment, %
11.5
11.1
10.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
-2.4
2.5
2.1
Change in house prices, %
-13.1
-11.1
3.9
Non-Nordic
9
5
295
309
Total
696
669
1,425
2,790
1 Includes management judgements of EUR 650m and late corrections to the model of EUR 19m.

--- Page 471 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
47
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Scenarios and allowances/provisions
Adjustment
31 Dec 2019
Model-based
model-based
Individual 
Total
Unweighted
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
ECL
Probability
provisions
provisions
provisions
provisions
Denmark
2020
2021
2022
EURm
weight
EURm
EURm
EURm
EURm
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.1
2.1
2.1
237
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.5
3.2
3.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.7
1.5
1.8
Change in house prices, %
2.3
3.8
3.4
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.7
2.0
239
60%
240
123
454
817
Unemployment, % 
3.8
3.8
3.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.6
1.9
Change in house prices, %
2.0
2.6
3.0
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.9
0.9
1.4
245
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.9
4.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
1.3
1.4
Change in house prices, %
1.8
2.1
1.8
Finland
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.5
1.7
1.3
182
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.4
6.3
6.4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.9
1.2
1.0
Change in house prices, %
1.1
1.3
1.5
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.1
0.9
185
60%
185
26
262
473
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.0
1.0
Change in house prices, %
0.9
1.1
1.1
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.8
0.5
0.4
187
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
7.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
0.9
1.1
Change in house prices, %
1.0
0.8
0.3
Norway
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.2
2.3
2.0
94
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.3
3.0
2.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.6
1.8
1.8
Change in house prices, %
3.6
4.3
4.0
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.0
1.8
1.7
97
60%
98
86
322
506
Unemployment, % 
3.4
3.4
3.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.3
2.0
1.8
Change in house prices, %
3.5
3.8
3.8
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.3
1.0
1.3
104
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.7
4.1
4.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.5
1.6
2.0
Change in house prices, %
2.3
0
1.7
Sweden
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.7
2.7
2.6
96
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.7
6.3
5.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.8
2.6
2.1
Change in house prices, %
1.1
2.6
3.3
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.9
2.3
97
60%
97
12
171
280
Unemployment, % 
6.9
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
2.0
2.2
Change in house prices, %
1.1
2.4
2.9
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.3
1.7
98
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.9
7.0
7.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.0
1.6
2.9
Change in house prices, %
1.0
1.8
2.9
Non-Nordic
15
2
235
252
Total
635
249
1,444
2,328

--- Page 472 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
48
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
30 Sep 2020
Gross
Allowances
Net loan
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Loans carrying 
amount
losses1
Financial institutions
10,682
301
126
11,109
18
16
76
110
10,999
-20
Agriculture
2,423
238
210
2,871
9
24
101
133
2,737
-21
     Crops, plantations and hunting
800
98
46
944
4
9
22
35
909
-4
     Animal husbandry
434
122
159
715
3
14
77
93
622
-12
     Fishing and aquaculture
1,189
18
5
1,212
3
1
2
6
1,206
-5
Natural resources
3,038
118
638
3,794
6
3
296
305
3,489
-121
     Paper and forest products
1,757
100
36
1,894
5
3
17
24
1,870
-7
     Mining and supporting activities
238
16
7
261
0
0
2
3
258
-1
     Oil, gas and offshore
1,042
2
595
1,638
1
0
277
278
1,361
-113
Consumer staples
2,387
435
18
2,840
6
20
11
37
2,803
-27
     Food processing and beverages
904
118
4
1,026
3
6
3
11
1,015
-7
     Household and personal products
176
56
5
236
1
1
6
8
229
-4
     Healthcare
1,307
261
9
1,577
3
13
3
18
1,559
-16
Consumer discretionary and services
5,788
932
212
6,932
12
47
126
186
6,746
-74
     Consumer durables
1,076
163
63
1,302
2
7
37
46
1,257
-21
     Media and entertainment
1,094
77
29
1,200
2
3
20
25
1,176
-10
     Retail trade
2,207
371
90
2,668
5
25
44
75
2,593
-26
     Air transportation
225
28
3
256
0
0
8
9
247
0
     Accommodation and leisure
547
156
25
727
1
6
16
24
703
-18
     Telecommunication services
639
139
1
779
2
6
0
8
770
1
Industrials
26,411
2,527
723
29,662
67
107
348
522
29,140
-147
     Materials
1,585
144
105
1,835
4
4
69
77
1,758
2
     Capital goods
2,950
346
104
3,401
6
12
54
71
3,329
-15
     Commercial and professional services
8,950
635
237
9,822
24
26
74
124
9,698
-36
     Construction
5,507
546
115
6,168
17
21
76
114
6,055
-40
     Wholesale trade
4,480
448
92
5,019
11
28
43
82
4,938
-34
     Land transportation
1,738
312
56
2,106
3
11
25
38
2,068
-17
     IT services
1,200
96
13
1,310
2
5
9
17
1,293
-7
Maritime
6,087
343
641
7,071
9
7
305
322
6,750
-88
     Ship building
155
3
33
191
0
0
10
11
180
-1
     Shipping
5,695
339
606
6,641
9
7
294
310
6,331
-86
     Maritime services
237
1
1
240
0
0
0
1
239
0
Utilities and public service
5,277
190
31
5,498
4
5
16
25
5,473
-8
     Utilities distribution
2,619
33
27
2,679
1
1
12
14
2,665
-2
     Power production
1,892
33
0
1,925
1
2
0
4
1,921
-3
     Public services
766
125
3
894
2
2
4
7
887
-4
Real estate
35,328
1,220
256
36,803
27
33
100
160
36,644
-70
Other industries and reimbursement rights
893
64
12
969
2
1
9
13
957
54
Total Corporate
98,314
6,369
2,865
107,548
161
262
1,388
1,811
105,737
-522
   Housing loans
104,751
4,413
591
109,755
16
24
54
94
109,661
-72
   Collateralised lending
16,120
1,425
405
17,950
46
67
189
301
17,649
-91
   Non-collateralised lending
5,437
1,113
358
6,908
29
107
179
315
6,593
-165
Household
126,308
6,951
1,354
134,613
91
198
422
710
133,903
-328
Public sector
2,062
179
0
2,241
0
1
0
2
2,240
0
Lending to the public
226,684
13,499
4,219
244,402
252
461
1,810
2,523
241,879
-850
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions
5,517
77
0
5,594
3
2
6
11
5,583
0
Total
232,201
13,576
4,219
249,996
255
463
1,816
2,534
247,462
-850
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance-sheet exposures year-to-date September 2020.

--- Page 473 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
49
Q3
Note 7
Continued
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
31 Dec 2019
Gross
Allowances
Net loan
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Loans carrying 
amount
losses1
Financial institutions
12,668
302
127
13,097
9
20
58
87
13,010
-27
Agriculture
2,562
178
285
3,024
4
20
138
161
2,863
-40
     Crops, plantations and hunting
862
85
54
1,001
2
10
30
41
960
-16
     Animal husbandry
499
69
193
760
2
10
108
119
642
-23
     Fishing and aquaculture
1,201
24
37
1,263
0
1
0
1
1,261
0
Natural resources
3,349
124
791
4,264
2
3
317
323
3,942
-126
     Paper and forest products
1,428
96
35
1,559
1
3
16
20
1,539
-3
     Mining and supporting activities
447
11
10
468
0
0
3
4
464
6
     Oil, gas and offshore
1,474
17
747
2,238
1
0
298
299
1,939
-129
Consumer staples
2,916
144
33
3,094
2
5
13
20
3,073
3
     Food processing and beverages
1,068
60
25
1,153
1
2
9
11
1,142
7
     Household and personal products
206
29
4
239
0
1
2
4
235
-1
     Healthcare
1,642
55
4
1,701
1
2
2
5
1,696
-3
Consumer discretionary and services
6,878
526
189
7,593
7
29
104
140
7,453
-37
     Consumer durables
1,276
135
47
1,458
1
6
22
29
1,429
-13
     Media and entertainment
1,074
46
37
1,158
1
2
19
22
1,136
-8
     Retail trade
2,677
221
88
2,985
4
17
49
69
2,917
-6
     Air transportation
179
2
3
184
0
0
2
2
181
0
     Accommodation and leisure
742
66
13
821
1
2
5
8
813
-3
     Telecommunication services
930
56
1
987
1
1
7
9
978
-6
Industrials
26,967
1,815
787
29,568
24
70
370
463
29,105
-67
     Materials
1,704
78
117
1,899
4
5
71
80
1,819
7
     Capital goods
2,896
251
110
3,256
1
9
73
84
3,173
-6
     Commercial and professional services
9,646
355
273
10,274
8
15
86
109
10,164
-35
     Construction
5,294
399
119
5,812
5
12
74
91
5,721
-13
     Wholesale trade
4,261
429
94
4,784
4
20
36
59
4,725
-4
     Land transportation
2,028
210
57
2,295
1
4
22
27
2,268
-8
     IT services
1,139
93
17
1,249
1
5
7
13
1,236
-8
Maritime
7,000
175
706
7,881
24
22
230
276
7,605
-62
     Ship building
75
5
19
100
0
0
19
19
81
3
     Shipping
6,702
167
686
7,555
24
22
211
257
7,299
-65
     Maritime services
222
2
0
225
0
0
0
0
225
0
Utilities and public service
4,701
60
34
4,795
2
1
16
19
4,775
-7
     Utilities distribution
1,909
26
30
1,964
0
0
13
14
1,950
-4
     Power production
1,923
15
1
1,938
1
0
1
2
1,936
1
     Public services
869
20
4
892
1
1
2
4
889
-4
Real estate
34,457
932
224
35,614
15
14
81
110
35,504
-7
Other industries and reimbursement rights
291
23
7
322
7
7
0
14
308
-8
Total Corporate
101,789
4,280
3,183
109,251
95
191
1,327
1,612
107,639
-377
   Housing loans
103,768
4,047
630
108,446
10
13
29
52
108,393
29
   Collateralised lending
16,569
1,221
444
18,233
26
48
186
260
17,973
-48
   Non-collateralised lending
5,952
1,095
354
7,401
19
89
134
242
7,159
-138
Household
126,289
6,363
1,427
134,079
55
149
350
554
133,525
-157
Public sector
4,038
27
0
4,065
0
2
0
2
4,062
-1
Lending to the public
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
-536
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions
11,548
79
0
11,627
3
1
10
14
11,613
0
Total
243,663
10,749
4,610
259,022
153
343
1,687
2,183
256,839
-536
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance-sheet exposures for the full year 2019.

--- Page 474 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
50
Q3
Note 8
Classification of financial instruments 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (Fair 
value option)
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income 
(FVOCI)
Total
EURm
Financial assets
Cash and balances with central banks 
48,928
-
-
-
48,928
Loans to central banks
4,144
286
-
-
4,430
Loans to credit institutions
1,439
8,922
-
-
10,361
Loans to the public
241,879
78,307
-
-
320,186
Interest-bearing securities
3,143
27,256
4,065
33,721
68,185
Financial instruments pledged as collateral 
-
5,736
-
774
6,510
Shares 
-
12,794
-
-
12,794
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked
investment contracts
-
32,001
377
-
32,378
Derivatives
-
45,434
-
-
45,434
Fair value changes of the hedged items in
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
373
-
-
-
373
Other assets
1,729
12,957
-
-
14,686
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
663
-
-
-
663
Total 30 Sep 2020
302,298
223,693
4,442
34,495
564,928
Total 31 Dec 2019
297,826
212,746
4,257
29,779
544,608
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (Fair 
value option)
Total
EURm
Financial liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
22,731
16,345
-
39,076
Deposits and borrowings from the public
181,953
8,018
-
189,971
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked
investment contracts
-
-
33,811
33,811
Liabilities to policyholders
-
-
2,297
2,297
Debt securities in issue
123,904
-
56,333
180,237
Derivatives
-
45,308
-
45,308
Fair value changes of the hedged items in
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,934
-
-
2,934
Other liabilities1
4,867
16,577
-
21,444
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
222
-
-
222
Subordinated liabilities
7,828
-
-
7,828
Total 30 Sep 2020
344,439
86,248
92,441
523,128
Total 31 Dec 2019
339,266
69,872
93,680
502,818
1 Of which lease liabilities classified in the category Amortised cost EUR 1,192m.

--- Page 475 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
51
Q3
Note 9   
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
30 Sep 2020
31 Dec 2019
Carrying 
amount
Fair value
Carrying 
amount
Fair value
EURm
Financial assets
Cash and balances with central banks
48,928
48,928
35,509
35,509
Loans
335,350
344,629
340,680
343,410
Interest-bearing securities
68,185
68,492
64,930
65,047
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
6,510
6,510
7,151
7,151
Shares  
12,794
12,794
14,184
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
32,378
32,378
30,493
30,493
Derivatives
45,434
45,434
39,111
39,111
Other assets
14,686
14,686
11,857
11,857
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
663
663
693
693
Total 
564,928
574,514
544,608
547,455
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt instruments
420,046
420,727
406,592
407,337
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
33,811
33,811
31,859
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
2,297
2,297
3,318
3,318
Derivatives
45,308
45,308
42,047
42,047
Other liabilities 
20,252
20,252
17,562
17,562
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
222
222
215
215
Total 
521,936
522,617
501,593
502,338
The determination of fair value is described in the Annual Report 2019, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair value".

--- Page 476 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
52
Q3
Note 10
Financial assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
Quoted 
prices in 
active 
markets for 
the same 
instruments 
(Level 1)
Of which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique 
using 
observable 
data 
(Level 2)
Of which 
Life & 
Pensions
Valuation 
technique 
using non-
observable 
data 
(Level 3)
Of which 
Life & 
Pensions
Total
EURm
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
-
-
286
-
-
-
286
Loans to credit institutions
-
-
8,922
-
-
-
8,922
Loans to the public
-
-
78,307
-
-
-
78,307
Interest-bearing securities2 
35,488
1,150
35,271
2,918
793
57
71,552
Shares
10,519
8,758
389
266
1,886
816
12,794
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts
31,743
27,890
551
551
84
84
32,378
Derivatives
113
-
42,729
1
2,592
-
45,434
Other assets
-
-
12,926
-
31
30
12,957
Total 30 Sep 2020
77,863
37,798
179,381
3,736
5,386
987
262,630
Total 31 Dec 2019
61,634
37,800
181,494
3,353
3,654
963
246,782
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
-
-
16,345
-
-
-
16,345
Deposits and borrowings from the public
-
-
8,018
-
-
-
8,018
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts
-
-
33,811
29,627
-
-
33,811
Liabilities to policyholders
-
-
2,297
2,297
-
-
2,297
Debt securities in issue
38,909
-
15,603
-
1,821
-
56,333
Derivatives
89
-
42,873
12
2,346
-
45,308
Other liabilities
7,129
-
9,441
-
7
-
16,577
Total 30 Sep 2020
46,127
-
128,388
31,936
4,174
-
178,689
Total 31 Dec 2019
11,801
-
148,334
30,813
3,417
-
163,552
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
2 Of which EUR 6,510m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Transfers between Levels 1 and 2 
During the first nine months, Nordea transferred interest-bearing securities (including such financial instruments pledged as collateral) of EUR 2,241m from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 13,516m from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. In addition, Nordea transferred derivative liabilities of EUR 2m from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 6m from Level 2 to Level 1 and derivative assets of EUR 3m from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea also transferred shares of EUR 28m 
from Level 1 to Level 2. Further Nordea transferred debt securities in issue of EUR 2,082m from Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 32,921m from Level 2 to Level 1, 
other liabilities of EUR 83m from Level 1 to Level 2, other liabilities of EUR 2,862m from Level 2 to Level 1 and assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts excluding investment properties of EUR 3m from Level 1 to Level 2. The main driver for the transfers in the first nine months was an 
update to the rules for categorisation of financial instruments into Levels 1, 2 and 3. This update had a significant impact on the categorisation of "Interest-
bearing securities" and "Debt securities in issue", where the volume and frequency of trading for the individual instruments (ISINs) are now considered. 
Transfers between levels are considered to have occurred at the end of the reporting period.

--- Page 477 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
53
Q3
Note 10
Continued
Movements in Level 3 
Fair value 
gains/losses 
recognised 
in the 
income 
statement 
during the 
year
1 Jan
Rea-
lised 
Un-
realis
ed 
Recog-
nised 
in OCI
Purchases/ 
Issues
Sales
Settle-
ments
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
Transla-
tion diff-
erences
30 Sep
EURm
Interest-bearing securities
172
-4
-1
-
402
-32
4
295
-43
-
-
793
- of which Life & Pensions
13
-
-2
-
50
-4
-
-
-
-
-
57
Shares
2,034
53
59
-
404
-291
-16
3
-231
-45
-84
1,886
- of which Life & Pensions
860
14
-27
-
54
-39
-16
-
-
-
-30
816
Assets in pooled schemes
and unit-linked 
investment contracts
56
-
-2
-
38
-3
-6
1
-
-
-
84
- of which Life & Pensions
56
-
-2
-
38
-3
-6
1
-
-
-
84
Derivatives (net)
174
-406
57
-
-
-
406
4
11
-
-
246
Other assets
35
-
-
-
-
-
-4
-
-
-
-
31
- of which Life & Pensions
34
-
-
-
-
-
-4
-
-
-
-
30
Debt securities in issue
2,232
474
-728
-3
154
-
-683
375
-
-
-
1,821
Other liabilities
2
-
-11
-
18
-2
-
-
-
-
-
7
Total 2020, net
237
-831
852
3
672
-324
1,067
-72
-263
-45
-84
1,212
Total 2019, net
-495
-94
453
4
-52
-365
592
13
-19
0
8
45
1 Reclassification related to early conversion of Visa C-shares into Visa A-shares.
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period. The main driver for the transfers into and out 
of Level 3 in the first nine months was an update to the rules for categorisation of financial instruments into Levels 1, 2 and 3. This mainly impacted 
the categorisation of "Derivatives", "Interest-bearing securities", "Shares" and "Debt securities in issue", where the volume and frequency of trading 
for the individual instruments (ISINs) are now considered. Transfers between levels are considered to have occurred at the end of the reporting 
period. Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during the period are included in "Net result from items at fair value". Assets and 
liabilities related to derivatives are presented net.
The valuation processes for fair value measurements in Level 3
For information about valuation processes for fair value measurement in Level 3, see the Annual Report 2019, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair 
value".
Deferred Day 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured using a valuation model, 
mainly due to the fact that the transaction price is not established in an active market. If there are significant unobservable inputs used in the 
valuation technique (Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the transaction price and any difference between the transaction price and fair 
value at initial recognition measured using a valuation model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information see the Annual Report 2019, Note G1 
"Accounting policies". The table below shows the aggregated difference yet to be recognised in the income statement at the beginning and end of 
the period. The table also shows a reconciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed during the period (movement of deferred Day 1 
profit).
Deferred Day 1 profit - Derivatives, net
2020
2019
EURm
Opening balance at 1 Jan
125
81
Deferred profit on new transactions
87
58
Recognised in the income statement during the period1
-133
-29
Closing balance at 30 Sep
79
110
1 Of which EUR -9m (EUR -m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.

--- Page 478 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
54
Q3
Note 10
Continued
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
Fair value 
Of which 
Life & 
Pensions1 Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair 
value4
EURm
Interest-bearing securities 
Public bodies
86
- Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-9/9
Mortgage and other credit institutions
504
53 Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-46/46
Corporates2
199
- Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-20/20
Other
4
4 Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-0/0
Total 30 Sep 2020
793
57
-75/75
Total 31 Dec 2019
172
13
-16/16
Shares 
Private equity funds
878
459 Net asset value3
-97/97
Hedge funds
82
79 Net asset value3
-7/7
Credit funds
433
160 Net asset value/market consensus3
-37/37
Other funds
223
111 Net asset value/Fund prices3
-20/20
Other5
354
91 -
 
-35/35
Total 30 Sep 2020
1,970
900
-196/196
Total 31 Dec 2019
2,090
916
-194/194
Derivatives, net
Interest rate derivatives
445
- Option model
Correlations
-12/13
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
-43
- Option model
Correlations
-8/6
Volatilities
Dividends
Foreign exchange derivatives
146
- Option model
Correlations
0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
-303
- Credit derivative model 
Correlations
-32/36
Volatilities
Recovery rates
Other
1
- Option model
Correlations
-0/0
Volatilities
Total 30 Sep 2020
246
-
-52/55
Total 31 Dec 2019
174
-
-61/64
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
1,821
- Credit derivative model
Correlations
-7/7
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total 30 Sep 2020
1,821
-
-7/7
Total 31 Dec 2019
2,232
-
-11/11
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
24
30 -
-
-3/3
Total 30 Sep 2020
24
30
-3/3
Total 31 Dec 2019
33
34
-4/4
1 Investments in financial instruments are a major part of the life insurance business, acquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance and investments
  contracts. The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders and consequently do not affect Nordea's equity.
2 Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a reasonable change in this credit 
  spread would not affect the fair value due to callability features.
3 The fair values are based on prices and net asset values provided by external suppliers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on
   the basis of the development in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant measurement methodology used by the suppliers/
   custodians is consistent with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by Invest Europe (formerly called
   EVCA). Approximately 50% of the private equity fund investments are internally adjusted/valued based on the IPEV guidelines. These carrying amounts are 
i   a range of 1% to 100% compared with the values received from suppliers/custodians.
4 The column "Range of fair value" shows the sensitivity of Level 3 financial instruments to changes in key assumptions. For more information, see the Annual 
   Report 2019, Note G41 "Assets and liabilities at fair value".
5 Of which EUR 84m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts.

--- Page 479 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
55
Q3
Note 11
Risks and uncertainties 
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and 
requirements, including but not limited to those of the 
Nordic countries, the European Union and the United 
States. Supervisory and governmental authorities that 
administer and enforce these regimes make regular 
enquiries and conduct investigations with regard to 
Nordea’s compliance. Such areas subject to investigation 
are investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade 
regulation and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, 
competition law, governance and control, and others. The 
outcome and timing of these enquiries and investigations 
are unclear and pending. Accordingly, it cannot be 
excluded that these enquiries and investigations could lead 
to criticism against the bank, reputation loss, fines, 
sanctions, disputes and/or litigation. 
In June 2015 the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Danmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome resulted in 
criticism and, in accordance with Danish administrative 
practice, the matter was handed over to the police for 
further handling and possible sanctions. As previously 
stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made 
a provision for ongoing AML-related matters.  
There is a risk that, in the event the authorities issue fines, 
these could be higher (or potentially lower) than the current 
provision, and that this could also impact the bank’s 
financial performance. In addition, some of these 
proceedings could lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, 
we will maintain the level of provision for ongoing AML-
related matters while also continuing the dialogue with the 
Danish Authorities regarding their allegations concerning 
historical AML weaknesses.  
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Among other 
actions, Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime 
Change Programme and has strengthened its organisation 
significantly to enhance the AML and sanction 
management risk frameworks. Nordea has also established 
the Business Ethics and Values Committee and a culture 
transformation programme to embed stronger ethical 
standards into our corporate culture. Also, the Group is 
investing in enhanced compliance standards, processes 
and resources in both the first and second lines of defence. 
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea's provision of assistance to a foreign bank in 
connection with the said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on 
behalf of one of its customers. It is our assessment that 
Nordea is not liable, and Nordea disputes the claim.
There are significant risks caused by the COVID-19 
outbreak given the uncertainty of the economic impact on 
the markets in which Nordea operates. Depending on 
future developments, potential adverse impacts on income 
could arise due to lower net interest income, market 
volatility and reduced business activity impacting 
transaction volumes and customer activity. Potential future 
credit risks are addressed in Note 7 and the section “Net 
loan losses”. Depending on the duration and magnitude of 
the situation, there is a possibility that the bank will not be 
able to meet its financial targets in very adverse scenarios.

--- Page 480 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
56
Q3
Glossary
Return on equity
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is considered to be classified as a financial liability 
in the calculation. Net profit for the period excludes non-
controlling interests and interest expense on Additional Tier 
1 capital (discretionary interest accrued). Average equity 
includes net profit for the period and dividend until paid, 
and excludes non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 
capital.
Return on tangible equity
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is considered to be classified as a financial liability 
in the calculation. Net profit for the period excludes non-
controlling interests and interest expense on Additional Tier 
1 capital (discretionary interest accrued). Average equity 
includes net profit for the period and dividend until paid, 
and excludes non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 
capital, and is reduced with intangible assets.
Return on risk exposure amount
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average risk 
exposure amount for the period. Net profit for the period 
excludes non-controlling interests and interest expense on 
Additional Tier 1 capital (discretionary interest accrued). 
Return on equity with amortised resolution fees
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued), and is adjusted for the 
effect of resolution fees on an amortised basis after tax. 
Average equity includes net profit for the period and 
dividend until paid, and excludes non-controlling interests 
and Additional Tier 1 capital.
Tier 1 capital
The Tier 1 capital of an institution consists of the sum of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital 
of the institution. Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes 
consolidated shareholders’ equity excluding investments in 
insurance companies, proposed dividend, deferred tax 
assets, intangible assets in the banking operations, the full 
expected shortfall deduction (the negative difference 
between expected losses and provisions) and finally other 
deductions such as cash flow hedges
Tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital as a percentage of risk exposure amount. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio is calculated as 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of risk 
exposure amount.
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost
Net loan losses (annualised) divided by the quarterly 
closing balance of loans carrying amount to the public 
(lending) measured at amortised cost.
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross
Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Impairment rate (stage 3), net
Impaired loans (stage 3) after allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3)
Total allowances divided by total loans measured at 
amortised cost before allowances.
Allowances in relation to credit impaired loans 
(stage 3)
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by 
impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stage 3) 
before allowances.
Allowance in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2
Allowances for non-impaired loans (stages 1 and 2) divided 
by non-impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stages 
1 and 2) before allowances. 
Economic capital
Economic capital is Nordea’s internal estimate of required 
capital and measures the capital required to cover 
unexpected losses in the course of its business with a 
certain probability. Economic capital uses advanced 
internal models to provide a consistent measurement for 
credit risk, market risk, operational risk, business risk and 
life insurance risk arising from activities in Nordea’s various 
business areas. The aggregation of risks across the group 
gives rise to diversification effects resulting from the 
differences in risk drivers and the improbability that 
unexpected losses occur simultaneously.
Return on capital at risk
Return on capital at risk (ROCAR) is defined as net profit 
excluding items affecting comparability, as a percentage of 
economic capital. For the business areas it is defined as 
operating profit after standard tax as a percentage of 
economic capital.
For a list of further alternative performance measures and business definitions, please see https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-
relations/reports-and-presentations/group-interim-reports/ and the Annual Report 2019.

--- Page 481 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
60
Q3
For further information

An webcast for media, investors and equity analysts 
will be held on 23 October at 10.30 EET (09.30 CET), 
at which Frank Vang-Jensen, President and Group 
CEO, will present the results. 

To participate in the webcast, please use the webcast 
link or dial one of the following numbers: 
+44 333 300 0804, +46 8 566 426 51, +358 9 817 103 
10, +45 35 44 55 77, confirmation code 87660449# no 
later than 10.20 EET. 

The webcast will be directly followed by a Q&A audio 
session for investors and analysts with Frank Vang-
Jensen, Mark Kandborg, acting Group CFO, Matthew 
Elderfield, Chief Risk Officer and Head of Group Risk 
& Compliance, and Matti Ahokas, Head of Investor 
Relations.

After the call an indexed on-demand replay will be 
available here. The replay will be available until 6 
November 2020. Please dial one of the following 
numbers: +44 333 300 0819, +46 8 519 993 85, +358 
9 817 105 15, +45 82 33 31 90, confirmation code 
301332515#.

The event will be webcast live and the presentation 
slides will be posted on www.nordea.com/ir.

The Q3 2020 report, investor presentations and fact 
book are available at www.nordea.com.
Contacts
Frank Vang-Jensen
President and Group CEO
+358 503 821 391 
Mark Kandborg
Acting Group CFO 
+45 55 47 83 72 
Matti Ahokas
Head of Investor Relations
+358 405 759 178
Sara Helweg-Larsen
Head of Group Communications
+45 22 14 00 00 
Financial calendar
 
04 February 2021 – Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results 2020 (silent period starts on 11 January 2021)
24 March 2021 – Annual General Meeting
29 April 2021 – First Quarter Report 2021 (silent period starts on 9 April 2021)
21 July 2021 – Second Quarter and Half-Year Report 2021 (silent period starts on 7 July 2021)
21 October 2021 – Third Quarter Report 2021 (silent period starts on 7 October 2021)
Helsinki 22 October 2020
Nordea Bank Abp
Board of Directors

--- Page 482 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
61
Q3
Nordea Bank Abp • Hamnbanegatan 5 • 00020 Helsinki • www.nordea.com/ir • Tel. +358 200 70000 • Business ID 2858394-9 
This report is published in one additional language version, in Swedish. In the event of any inconsistencies between the 
Swedish language version and this English version, the Swedish version shall prevail.
This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views with respect to certain future 
events and potential financial performance. Although Nordea believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-
looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. 
Accordingly, results could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
Important factors that may cause such a difference for Nordea include, but are not limited to: (i) the macroeconomic 
development, (ii) change in the competitive climate, (iii) change in the regulatory environment and other government actions 
and (iv) change in interest rate and foreign exchange rate levels. This report does not imply that Nordea has undertaken to 
revise these forward-looking statements, beyond what is required by applicable law or applicable stock exchange 
regulations if and when circumstances arise that will lead to changes compared to the date when these statements were 
provided.

--- Page 483 ---
Nordea
           Third quarter 2020
62
Q3
Report on review of interim financial information of Nordea Bank Abp for the nine months period 
ended 30 September 2020
To the Board of Directors of Nordea Bank Abp
Introduction 
We have reviewed the condensed interim financial information of Nordea Bank Abp, which comprise the balance sheet as 
at 30 September 2020, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash 
flow statement for the nine-month-period then ended and notes, all consolidated, and parent company’s balance sheet as 
at 30 September 2020 and income statement for the nine-month-period then ended. The Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of the condensed interim financial information in accordance with 
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the European Union and with 
regulations governing the preparation of interim financial information in Finland. We will express a conclusion on this 
condensed interim financial information based on our review.
Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (ISRE) 2410, “Review of 
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information 
consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical 
and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope, than an audit conducted in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become 
aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed interim financial 
information of Nordea Bank Abp for the nine months period ended on 30 September 2020 is not prepared, in all material 
respects, as regards the Group financial information, in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, 
“Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the European Union  and other regulation governing the presentation of 
interim financial information in Finland, and as regards the parent company financial information, in accordance with 
regulations governing the preparation of interim financial information in Finland.
Helsinki 22 October 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Jukka Paunonen 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)

--- Page 484 ---
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
F1-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
FISCAL AGENT  
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reutwerweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland 
(Issuer Service DK) 
P.O. Box 850 
DK-0900 Copenhagen C 
Denmark 
VPS PAYING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
PO box 1166, Sentrum  
0107 Oslo  
Norway 
FINNISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
FINNISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Finland Ltd 
PB1110 
FIN-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
SWEDISH ISSUING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige

--- Page 485 ---
Smålandsgatan 15-17 
111 46 Stockholm 
Sweden 
SWEDISH REGISTRAR 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Swedish Clearing System 
Euroclear Sweden 
Box 191SE 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to Finnish law 
as to English law 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom