--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 of 53 
 
NORDEA KREDIT REALKREDITAKTIESELSKAB 
(incorporated as a limited company in Denmark with business registration (CVR) number 15134275) 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR ISSUANCE OF MORTGAGE CREDIT BONDS AND 
COVERED MORTGAGE CREDIT BONDS 
 
Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab (“Nordea Kredit” or the “Issuer”) is licensed as a 
mortgage credit institution (“MCI”) by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (“the 
Danish FSA”) pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act, including a licence to issue 
mortgage credit bonds (“ROs”) and covered mortgage credit bonds (“SDROs”). Nordea 
Kredit may issue new ROs or SDROs (jointly referred to as “Bonds”) under this base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) by way of tap issuance, auctions, pre-issuance or block 
issuance. 
Nordea Kredit has given its consent to Nordea Bank Abp (the “Bank”) to use the Base 
Prospectus as a financial intermediary for subsequent resale or final placement of Bonds 
under the Base Prospectus. 
Admission to trading on a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council ("MiFIDII") in Denmark for Bonds issued under this 
Base Prospectus may be applied for. References in this Base Prospectus to the Bonds being 
"listed" (and all similar references) mean that such Bonds have been admitted to trading and 
possibly been listed on a regulated market pursuant to MiFID II.  
Application may be made for Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus in ISIN codes opened 
after the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S.  
All Bonds covered by this base prospectus are registered with VP Securities A/S (Euronext 
Securities) and are therefore not issued in physical form. Delivery and settlement etc take 
place via Euronext Securities’ systems. 
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by Nordea Kredit in order for the issued Bonds to be 
admitted for trading on a regulated market in Denmark and to enable a public offer in 
Denmark.  
The Base Prospectus has been prepared in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below) and the relevant implementing legislation in Denmark for the purpose of 
providing information about the securities issued. The Base Prospectus is a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Bonds issued under the Base prospectus have not been and will not be registered 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Furthermore, the Bonds may not be offered or sold in any other country or jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances which will result in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus or other offering material may not be 
distributed to or published in any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
which are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 of 53 
 
“ROs  issued by Nordea Kredit´s general capital centre (CC1) currently have ratings 
(“long-term covered bond rating”) of AAA from Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”). SDROs issued out of Nordea Kredit’s capital centre 2 (CC2) 
have been assigned the same ratings. S&P is established in the European Union and 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus. A list of approved credit rating agencies is available on ESMA’s website  
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation), which was last 
updated on 27 March 2023. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or own 
securities and may be suspended, downgraded or withdrawn by the relevant credit 
rating agency at any time. Further information on Nordea Kredit’s ratings is available 
in item 4.1.6 of chapter 5.  
Investing in Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Base Prospectus involves certain 
risks. Prospective buyers of Bonds should make sure that they understand the terms 
and conditions of the Bonds as well as the extent of their exposure to risk and that they 
assess the suitability of the securities as an investment in light of their own 
circumstances and financial situation. 
 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS DATED 21 DECEMBER 2023

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 of 53 
 
Contents 
1 
Introduction ........................................................................................................... 4 
1.1 
Introduction to the Base Prospectus and general description of the 
programme ................................................................................................... 4 
2 
Responsibility statement........................................................................................ 7 
3 
Risk factors ............................................................................................................ 8 
3.1 
Risks associated with the issuer ................................................................... 8 
3.1.1 Credit risk ........................................................................................... 8 
3.1.2 Dependence on the Bank .................................................................... 8 
3.1.3 Liquidity, funding and capital risk ..................................................... 9 
3.1.4 Operational risk ................................................................................ 10 
3.1.5 Risks related to the use of risk models ............................................. 10 
3.1.6 Risks related to the implementation of new legislation ................... 11 
3.1.7 Market risk ....................................................................................... 11 
3.2 
Risks related to the Bonds.......................................................................... 12 
3.2.1 Loss of SDRO status ........................................................................ 12 
3.2.2 Non-compliance with the specific balance principle ........................ 12 
3.2.3 Ratings do not necessarily reflect all risks and may be downgraded 12 
3.2.4 Early redemption of Bonds ............................................................... 12 
3.2.5 Risks related to the market – interest rate volatility ......................... 13 
3.2.6 Discontinuation of or changes to reference rates ............................. 13 
3.2.7 Liquidity in the secondary market .................................................... 14 
3.2.8 Risk of maturity extension ............................................................... 14 
3.2.9 Risks related to Green Covered Bonds ............................................. 14 
3.2.10 
Risks pertaining to bankruptcy rules .................................... 14 
4 
Legislation ........................................................................................................... 15 
4.1 
Supervision ................................................................................................ 15 
4.2 
SIFI ............................................................................................................ 15 
4.3 
Lending ...................................................................................................... 15 
4.4 
The Balance principle ................................................................................ 16 
4.4.1 Executive order on the balance principle – general regulations on the 
general and the specific balance principle ........................................ 17 
4.4.2 The general balance principle ........................................................... 17 
4.4.3 The specific balance principle .......................................................... 18 
4.5 
Supervisory diamond ................................................................................. 19 
4.6 
Recovery and resolution ............................................................................ 19 
4.7 
Debt buffer ................................................................................................. 20 
4.8 
Nordea Kredit’s CC2 and the institution’s general reserves CC1 ............. 20 
4.9 
Bankruptcy and restructuring ..................................................................... 21 
4.10 Covered bond directive .............................................................................. 22 
5 
REGISTRATION DOCUMENT ........................................................................ 24 
6 
SECURITIES NOTE FOR RETAIL NON-EQUITY SECURITIES ................. 36 
7 
CONSENT........................................................................................................... 47 
8 
TEMPLATE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................. 48

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 of 53 
 
1 Introduction 
1.1 Introduction to the Base Prospectus and general description of the programme 
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by Nordea Kredit in order for the issued Bonds to be 
admitted for trading on a regulated market in Denmark and constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and has been 
prepared for the purpose of providing all information about the Issuer and the issued Bonds 
which is deemed necessary – or is required to comply with the Prospectus Regulation -  for 
investors to be able to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position, results, performance and prospects as well as the rights attaching to the 
securities offered. 
Any reference in the Base Prospectus to “Bonds” covers all types of securities issued under 
the Base Prospectus, that is, ROs and SDROs. An investor holding Bonds is designated 
“Bondholder”. Any reference in the Base Prospectus to “mortgage credit bonds” or “covered 
mortgage credit bonds” not in upper case is used to describe the respective type of security in 
general, that is, the description applies to securities issued under the Base Prospectus and 
such securities in general.  
Any reference in the Base Prospectus to “Final Terms” means the final terms that read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus and the information incorporated by reference are 
applicable to an ISIN code of bonds issued under the Base Prospectus.  
The Prospectus Regulation is defined as Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 including subsequent delegated regulations. 
Under the Base Prospectus bonds governed by the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and 
Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act may be issued. These bonds comprise ROs issued in 
pursuance of section 18 of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds 
etc Act (“ROs”) as well as SDROs issued in pursuance of section 33 a of the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act (“SDROs”).  
Nordea Kredit will issue Bonds on an ongoing basis for the financing of mortgage loans. The 
total amount outstanding is not maximised and the circulating amount of Bonds varies in line 
with lending activity, repayments and pre-payments by the borrowers. 
The Bonds are issued in book-entry form as dematerialised securities and are registered with 
Euronext Securities (VP) or another CSD as stated in the Final Terms, which also include 
more detailed information concerning the Bonds (e.g. interest rate, currency, prepayment 
options etc.). 
Green Bonds 
SDROs and ROs can be issued as Green Bonds in specific ISIN codes to finance mortgage 
credit loans secured by green properties or other approved assets observing the criteria of the 
Nordea Green Funding Framework (“GFF”) following the Green Bond Principles developed 
by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA).  
The GFF is not fully aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council). For example the GFF includes organic farming 
– which is not covered by the EU Taxonomy. The GFF is reviewed annually and definitions 
and classifications may change over time.

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 of 53 
 
A financial intermediary may only use the Base Prospectus to make an offer of Bonds 
subject to prior consent by Nordea Kredit. Where consent has been given such financial 
intermediary is obliged to inform investors of the terms and conditions of the offer at 
the time the offer is made. Financial intermediaries using the Base Prospectus are 
further obliged to state at their websites that they use the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with a consent from Nordea Kredit and the conditions attached thereto. Any offer made 
by any third party without the consent of Nordea Kredit is unauthorised and Nordea 
Kredit does not accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
No persons have been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issuance or sale of Bonds 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer.  
The distribution of the Base Prospectus or a sale made in this connection must under no 
circumstances create any indication that there has not been any changes in the situation of the 
Issuer since the date of the Base Prospectus or the date on which the Base Prospectus was last 
amended (by supplements, if any), or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of the Base Prospectus or the date on which the Base 
Prospectus was last amended (by supplements, if any), or that any other information provided 
in connection with the Base Prospectus is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which 
the information is provided.  
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer presumes that persons who come into 
possession of this Base Prospectus will obtain information on and observe all such 
restrictions. The Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus are not and will not be registered 
pursuant to the US Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any federal 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Bonds may be subject to US tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Bonds must not be offered, sold or distributed 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, “US persons” (as defined in 
Regulation S of the US Securities Act). The Bonds will be offered and sold outside the 
United States to non-US persons (“non-US persons”) pursuant to Regulation S of the US 
Securities Act. However, the Bonds may be sold in the United States to qualified institutional 
buyers (“QIBs”) in accordance with Rule 144A. Prospective buyers are hereby notified that 
sellers of the Bonds are relying on the exemptions from the provisions of section 5 of the US 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.   
The “benchmarks” regulation 
Under the Benchmarks Regulation - Interest and/or other amounts payable on floating-rate 
Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates or indices. Any such 
reference rate or index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the ”Benchmarks Regulation“). If any such reference rate or index does 
constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and,

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 of 53 
 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The relevant Final Terms for the Bonds will include a section titled "MiFID II product 
governance", which describes the target market and distribution channels assessed to be 
appropriate for the relevant Bonds. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Bonds (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
Nordea Kredit that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be 
taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of Nordea Kredit. 
This Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2023 replaces the “Base Prospectus for issuance of 
mortgage bonds (ROs) and covered mortgage bonds (SDROs)” dated 20 February 2023 
issued by Nordea Kredit. 
This prospectus will be valid for 12 months from the date of approval, unless the public is 
informed otherwise.

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 of 53 
 
2 Responsibility statement 
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, 
Grønjordsvej 10, 2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, who is responsible for the Base Prospectus 
in accordance with applicable Danish legislation.  
Persons responsible: 
Board of Directors:  
 
Mads Skovlund Pedersen   
 
Anne Rømer 
(Chairman)  
 
 
 
(Vice Chairman)  
 
Anders Frank-Læssøe 
 
 
Anita Ina Nielsen  
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Thomas Vedel Kristensen   
 
Helene Bløcher 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Tina Sandvik  
 
 
Anders Holkmann Olsen 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Peder Birkebæk Bach 
(Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
who have authorised the two members of the Executive Management to jointly sign the Base 
Prospectus.   
 
Executive Management:  
 
Morten Boni  
 
 
Claus H. Greve  
(Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 
(Deputy Chief Executive Officer) 
 
Declaration 
The persons responsible for the information of the Base Prospectus hereby declare that they 
have made every effort to ensure that, to the best of their knowledge, the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the information 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copenhagen, 21 December 2023 
According to authorisation granted by the Board of Directors of Nordea Kredit on 19 July 
2019: 
 
 
Morten Boni  
 
 
Claus H. Greve 
(Chief Executive Officer)  
 
 
(Deputy Chief Executive Officer) 
Nordea Kredit declares that the Base Prospectus has been approved by the Danish FSA in its 
capacity as competent authority in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Danish 
FSA only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency as imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. However, 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of Nordea Kredit.

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 of 53 
 
3 Risk factors 
In this section Nordea Kredit outlines the risk factors which we consider specific and material 
to either Nordea Kredit as an MCI or the issued mortgage credit bonds and covered mortgage 
credit bonds, the “Bonds”.  
The materiality of a risk factor is a function of its impact should the risk factor “occur” and 
the probability that it actually occurs.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider these risk factors in connection with more 
extensive descriptions in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with 
respect to the Bonds.  
The risk factors are split into the below categories: 
- 
Risks associated with the Issuer  
- 
Risks associated with the Bonds   
For each category we have ranked the individual risk factors according to their materiality as 
described above and we have estimated the probability that the risk factor actually occurs. 
3.1 Risks associated with the issuer 
3.1.1 Credit risk  
Credit risk is defined as the potential for loss due to the inability of Nordea Kredit’s 
customers to repay their loans. If the customer is unable to repay the loan, Nordea Kredit’s 
credit risk depends on the value of the property received as collateral and any coverage by the 
first loss guarantee issued by Nordea Bank. Nordea Kredit’s credit risk is therefore affected 
by the general price trends in the property market which in turn are affected by Danish as 
well as international economic and political events and economic trends. 
Nordea Kredit considers credit risk the most significant risk factor and by the end of 2022 
credit risk represents 94% of the total risk exposure amount (REA) of DKK 72.8bn.  
The first loss guarantees amount to DKK 118.7bn at the end of 2022 compared to DKK 
119.2bn the year before. The share of loans covered by the first loss guarantees was 98.6% by 
the end of 2022.  
Nordea Kredit’s credit portfolio i.e. customer credit quality, customer segments, geography, 
loan and property type is well diversified.  
The ongoing and expected losses on debtors are expected to be absorbed by Nordea Kredit´s 
reserves, without jeopardizing the overall financial status of Nordea Kredit and Nordea 
Kredit´s rating. 
Nordea Kredit considers the probability of massive losses on debtors as low. A negative 
economic development causing massive losses on debtors will, however have a material 
impact on Nordea Kredit´s financial status. 
3.1.2 Dependence on the Bank 
Nordea Kredit is highly dependent on the Bank and the rest of the Nordea Group. Customer 
contact, IT systems and solutions as well as certain staff functions are operated jointly by the 
Nordea Group and Nordea Kredit.  
Nordea Kredit fulfils an important strategic function for the Bank, by being able to offer 
customers long-term financing of real estate in Denmark, which is why the interdependence

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 of 53 
 
between the Bank and NK is significant. To ensure that these  processes work smoothly and 
with clearly defined responsibilities, this cooperation is governed by Intra Group Agreements 
(IGAs) and business continuity plans.  
Nordea Kredit´s loan products are offered to customers by the Bank, using the business 
platform of the Bank. Nordea Kredit delivers the predominant share of long term loans, and 
therefore fulfils an important strategic purpose in the overall business set-up in the Bank’s 
operations in Denmark.  
The Bank and the Nordea Group also provide other services to Nordea Kredit and perform 
certain activities on behalf of Nordea Kredit, and these are likewise governed by IGAs and 
covered by business continuity plans.  
If the Bank or the Nordea Group can no longer perform these services or deliver e.g. IT 
systems and solutions, there is a risk of a temporary break in the ordinary conduct of business 
or that Nordea Kredit’s business cannot be carried on in a fully sound and prudent manner. 
This could adversely affect Nordea Kredit’s earnings capacity and ultimately its ability to pay 
its Bondholders.  
Nordea Kredit currently finds - considering this strategic importance of Nordea Kredit's 
business area, strong governance between Nordea Kredit and the Bank, ongoing supervision 
of intergroup relations and ongoing supervision performed by relevant FSAs - that the 
probability of serious risk issues occurring from the dependency is low. The potential impact 
will however, depend on which and the number of services that are affected. 
3.1.3 Liquidity, funding and capital risk 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Nordea Kredit defines liquidity and funding risk as the risk that Nordea Kredit can only meet 
its liquidity commitments at an unsustainably high price or, ultimately, is unable to meet its 
obligations as they come due. 
A failure to adequately address the liquidity and funding risk may prevent Nordea Kredit 
from meeting its payment obligations and ultimately from continuing its operations.  
Nordea Kredit funds its lending by issuing Bonds subject to the specific balance principle in 
accordance with the provisions of the Executive Order on the Issue of Bonds, the Balance 
Principle and Risk Management, which means that Nordea Kredit issues Bonds matching the 
ongoing disbursement of mortgage loans on terms and conditions that mirror the terms and 
conditions of the borrower. The payments from borrowers (excluding administration fees) 
thus match Nordea Kredit’s payments to investors. 
The primary liquidity and funding risk for Nordea Kredit is the risk of being unable to sell the 
required volume of Bonds in connection with the disbursement of new loans and/or the 
refinancing of loans, where the maturity of the Bond is shorter than the maturity of the 
associated loan.  
Nordea Kredit’s activities are limited to conducting mortgage credit operations with the 
funding structure being based solely on the issuance of Bonds. Hence, there are no other 
sources of liquidity for financing the disbursement of loans.  
Adjustable- and floating rate bonds have a built-in soft bullet structure in accordance with the 
provisions of the  Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act, section 6. This 
statutory option to extend the maturity of the Bonds – under qualifying circumstances – limits 
the refinancing risk, as Bondholders must accept the maturity extension instead of the 
redemption of the Bonds. In the sections on legislation and on terms and conditions of the

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 of 53 
 
Base Prospectus, the specific legal provisions on the regulation of refinancing risk are 
described in more detail.  
Nordea Kredit may need additional borrowing to comply with regulatory liquidity 
requirements (such as statutory supplementary collateral and statutory over-collateralisation) 
as well as over-collateralisation requirements from rating agencies. Insufficient access to Tier 
2 capital, unsecured senior debt or credit facilities implies a direct liquidity risk for Nordea 
Kredit. 
The Danish mortgage credit bonds market is efficient and well-functioning, involving a 
diversified range of Danish and international investors. Considering the application of the 
specific balance principle and the soft bullet structure on refinancing, Nordea Kredit currently 
assesses the liquidity and funding risk as low. 
Capital risk 
Nordea Kredit defines capital risk as the risk of insufficient capital to meet internal and 
external capital requirements. 
If Nordea Kredit is unable to meet the capital requirements, it may result in sanctions from 
the Danish FSA and ultimately lead to the revocation of Nordea Kredit’s license to carry on 
business as a mortgage-credit institution. 
Currently, Nordea Kredit assesses the risk of not being able to meet the applicable capital 
requirements, which may affect Nordea Kredit’s ability to meet its payment obligations, as 
low. 
3.1.4 Operational risk  
Operational risk is defined as the risk of losses - primarily for Nordea Kredit - due to 
inappropriate or inadequate internal procedures, human or system errors as well as external 
events.  
If such operational risks materialise and imply that Nordea Kredit suffers a loss (e.g. a loss 
stemming from a human error, IT malfunctions, or breaches of regulative requirements) the 
performance and financial position of Nordea Kredit may be adversely affected. 
By the end of 2022 operational risk represents 6% of the total risk exposure amount (REA) of 
DKK 72.8bn. The realised operational risk losses for 2022 amounted to approx. DKK 0.6m. 
Nordea Kredit has  internal rules and guidelines to minimise the risk of human errors and to 
ensure well-operating processes and thus reduce the probability and consequences of 
operational risks materialising as well as limit potential conflicts of interests why this risk is 
considered to be low – however, it is not possible to estimate the potential impact or 
probability with a satisfactory degree of accuracy. 
3.1.5 Risks related to the use of risk models 
Nordea Kredit applies internal ratings-based risk models to calculate the risk exposure 
amount (“REA”) and the credit risk. The models are in accordance with current national and 
international guidelines for such models and approved by relevant public authorities. 
There is no guarantee that the models fully reflect the actual credit risk of Nordea Kredit and 
insufficient models may cause incorrect capitalisation of credit risk and ultimately a risk of 
unexpected credit losses that may affect the capability to fulfil the obligations under the 
Bonds. 
The risk models are subject to change as a result of a number of factors, including 
amendments to national and international legislation as well as changes to supervisory

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 of 53 
 
practices. Such changes may lead to higher capital adequacy requirements for Nordea Kredit 
which could affect the capability to fulfil obligations under the Bonds. 
Nordea Kredit currently assesses the probability of internal models being insufficient as low. 
It is however not possible to estimate the impact of insufficient models with a satisfactory 
degree of accuracy. 
3.1.6 Risks related to the implementation of new legislation 
Nordea Kredit’s activities are subject to regulation and supervision. Amendments to Danish 
legislation and changes to practice by the Danish FSA as well as changes to EU regulation 
could adversely affect Nordea Kredit’s business.  
Nordea Kredit continually follows relevant legislative developments, in order to identify and 
adequately implement new regulation, which applies to the business of Nordea Kredit. 
Further, Nordea Kredit has processes to ensure that new regulations are implemented in 
compliance with the legislation. 
Since mortgage credit loans play a significant role in the overall Danish economy the 
framework regulating the mortgage credit industry has been and will be subject to change – 
e.g. requirements for home buyers’ equity, LTV restrictions etc.  
Further, as a fully owned subsidiary of the Bank, Nordea Kredit could be impacted indirectly 
by legislative initiatives that regulate the Nordea Group as a whole. 
If future legislation imposes further capital demands, increased costs, additional 
administrative costs, lending restrictions etc, this might have an effect on the overall financial 
status of Nordea Kredit.  
The risk of new legislation which affects Nordea Kredit and the Bank more severely than the 
mortgage credit industry in general is considered to be low. 
3.1.7 Market risk  
Market risk is the risk of losses due to changes in the market value of Nordea Kredit’s assets 
and liabilities as a result of volatility in interest  and exchange rates. The interest rate risk 
arises from both cash flow mismatches related to issued bonds and placement of capital, 
liquidity and pass-through funds. Currency risk emerges from the retained administrations 
fees in EUR which are exchanged to DKK. Nordea Kredit’s earnings may be affected as a 
result of changes in the DKK/EUR exchange rate.  
Nordea Kredit operates in adherence to the specific balance principle. As a consequence 
hereof payments related to loans and bonds do not generate any interest rate or currency risk. 
The primary market risks for Nordea Kredit relate to its placements of capital and liquidity, 
which has the purpose of supporting Nordea Kredit’s business model. Fluctuations in the 
interest rate and currency markets may affect the market value and liquidity of Nordea 
Kredit’s assets and may result in losses and carry a negative impact on the profits from the 
company’s primary activities, hereby affecting Nordea Kredit’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
to the Bondholders. Due to the  specific balance principle Nordea Kredit assesses the 
likelihood of market risk related losses that may affect Nordea Kredit’s ability to fulfil its 
payment obligations as low.

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 of 53 
 
3.2 Risks related to the Bonds 
3.2.1 Loss of SDRO status 
If the underlying loans no longer match the value of the SDROs issued to fund the loans or 
comply with the lending limits applicable when the loan was granted, Nordea Kredit is 
obliged to provide supplementary collateral in the form of certain asset types according to the 
Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act.  
If Nordea Kredit fails to provide such supplementary collateral, all the SDROs issued in the 
relevant capital centre will lose their covered mortgage credit bond status, which will affect 
the value of the SDROs unfavourably. 
Nordea Kredit currently considers itself adequately capitalised to meet relevant capital 
requirements why this risk is considered to be low.  
3.2.2 Non-compliance with the specific balance principle  
As described below in section 4.4 “The Balance principle” of the Base Prospectus, Nordea 
Kredit must under Danish mortgage credit legislation manage its capital centres in a manner 
that ensures an appropriate balance between the payment obligations on the outstanding 
liabilities and incoming payments on the assets (including loans) of the capital centre in terms 
of currency, interest rate, option and maturity structure.   
To comply with these requirements, Nordea Kredit may for example enter into derivatives 
contracts in accordance with the provisions of the Danish executive order on bond issuance, 
the balance principle and risk management. Non-compliance with the balance principle may 
cause Nordea Kredit to lose its licence to issue Bonds, which may influence the price of the 
Bonds in a manner that is unfavourable to Bondholders. 
Nordea Kredit follows the ongoing compliance with the balance principle closely and has not 
experienced significant challenges in this regard, why this risk is considered to be low. 
3.2.3 Ratings do not necessarily reflect all risks and may be downgraded 
Nordea Kredit´s issued Bonds are all rated by the credit rating agency S&P – Standard & 
Poor’s Europe.  
The ratings of the Bonds may be downgraded if for instance the financial position of Nordea 
Kredit is developing negatively or the rating of the Kingdom of Denmark is downgraded at 
the discretion of S&P. 
Currently Nordea Kredit considers the risk of downgrading to be low – however, if any rating 
assigned to the Bonds is downgraded, suspended or withdrawn, the market value of the 
Bonds may decline significantly. 
3.2.4 Early redemption of Bonds  
Borrowers may prepay their mortgage loans either by  
- 
buying bonds at the market price and using these to prepay their loans, or  
- 
in certain cases by prepaying the mortgage loan at a predetermined price, in which 
case the market value will generally not rise significantly above this redemption price. 
Borrowers will often utilise the prepayment options if they can obtain more attractive 
financing in this way. Therefore, Bondholders are exposed to prepayment risk and may have 
to reinvest at a lower interest rate.

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 of 53 
 
Furthermore, in case of negative coupon interest, Nordea Kredit may make use of an 
additional drawing [ against which the negative coupon interest may be offset, which will 
reduce the nominal principal. The amount redeemed additionally due to negative coupon 
interest will be based on par (100) or market prices. The nominal amount redeemed 
additionally at par may deviate from the amount at which the redeemed bonds could have 
been sold in the market. In case of additional drawing at market prices, the redemption 
proceeds may deviate from the nominal amount redeemed and thus from the proceeds if the 
Bonds had been redeemed ordinarily at maturity. 
Nordea Kredit moreover reserves the right to redeem the Bonds in full or in part prior to the 
maturity date, alternatively to offer the Bondholders to exchange the Bonds for new bonds in 
full or in part if the terms of the loans financed by the Bonds are changed as a result of 
legislative changes, orders by the authorities and/or market conditions. Bonds may be drawn 
for redemption by Nordea Kredit immediately or at a later date at the predetermined 
redemption price of the relevant ISIN code. 
Early redemption of bonds implies that it may be difficult for investors to reinvest these 
redemption proceeds at a corresponding interest rate and it will thereby affect investors´ 
expected cashflow from the investment. 
The risk of early redemption is a feature which is known by the market and investors and to a 
large degree is part of the pricing of the bonds in question.  
3.2.5 Risks related to the market – interest rate volatility  
The Bonds are subject to  the influence of changes in market interest rates as well as other 
market developments - including, for example, the supply and demand for bonds in general. 
Consequently, investors in the Bonds are subject to the risk that changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value (price) of the Bonds. Furthermore, there is a risk of a 
negative coupon on floating-rate bonds without an interest rate floor meaning that 
Bondholders must pay this negative interest. See item 4.8 in chapter 6 for further details. 
The development in market interest rates is unpredictable, hence it is not possible to 
determine the probability that investors will be negatively affected.  
3.2.6 Discontinuation of or changes to reference rates 
As for floating-rate bonds, the interest rate is based on a reference rate that may be disrupted 
or changed if the relevant reference rate is changed materially, ceases to exist or an 
agreement with public authorities to introduce an alternative reference rate is implemented 
etc. Such a change may involve risk for the Bondholders since a replacing reference rate 
would likely involve other characteristics than the original one.  
In order to ensure increased use of transaction-based reference rates efforts are made to find 
and reform reference rates – including Cibor, Cita and Euribor. So far a transaction-based 
reference rate (DESTR) has been introduced (1 April 2022) to replace Tom/Next. From 1 
February 2023 until 1 January 2026 Tom/Next and DESTR are traded at a fixed spread 
(19bp) after which the Tom/Next will be discontinued and fully replaced by DESTR.  
Bondholders are advised to make their own assessment of risks arising from such changes to 
both Danish and international reference rates. 
Currently Nordea Kredit estimates the risk of significant losses stemming from changes to 
existing reference rates to be low.

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 of 53 
 
3.2.7 Liquidity in the secondary market 
Nordea Kredit cannot assure Bondholders a liquid market following the issuance of bonds.  
If the secondary market is affected by limited liquidity the Bondholders may be unable to sell 
their Bonds with ease or can only sell their Bonds at prices that will provide them with a 
poorer return compared to returns on otherwise similar investments in the secondary market. 
Currently, Nordea Kredit considers the risk as low to medium. 
3.2.8 Risk of maturity extension 
For Bonds subject to section 6 of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit 
Bonds etc Act as amended (the provisions on regulation of refinancing risk), the maturity will 
be extended either in case of a rise in interest rates or in case of a failed auction (insufficient 
number of buyers). If a trigger event materialises, Nordea Kredit will be obliged to conduct 
the extensions of the bonds. 
Concerning the ISIN codes involved Nordea Kredit will determine an interest rate, according 
to section 6, and the maturity of the bonds will be prolonged by 12 months. 
The trigger event will only materialise in connection with a 5 percentage point increase in the 
interest rate or a failed auction. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus Nordea Kredit considers the risk of maturity extension of 
Bonds according to section 6 in the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit 
Bonds etc Act to be low. 
3.2.9 Risks related to Green Covered Bonds 
Nordea Kredit’s issuance of Green Bonds takes place observing the criteria of the GFF 
following the Green Bond Principles developed by the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA).  
However, the GFF is not fully aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For example, the GFF includes 
organic farming – which is not covered by the EU Taxonomy. 
The GFF is reviewed annually and definitions and classifications may change over time.  
Furthermore, legislation, regulation and market standards continue to evolve and will change 
over time. 
Consequently, there is a risk that the criteria are not in compliance with the investors´ or the 
market's criteria for green bonds, which may have a negative impact on the reputation or 
value of the Bonds. 
Nordea Kredit assesses the current risk related to Green Bonds primarily as a reputational risk 
if the underlying assets in the green portfolio cease to meet the requirements of the GFF, 
however, Nordea Kredit currently considers the risk to be low. 
3.2.10 Risks pertaining to bankruptcy rules  
Pursuant to Danish bankruptcy rules the Bondholders together with certain derivatives 
counterparties have a primary preferential right to all assets in the capital centre from which 
the Bonds have been issued.  
Any residual claims from the Bondholders rank before unsecured claims against the assets of 
the Issuer’s estate in bankruptcy. Payments to Bondholders will stay unchanged as long as 
borrowers continue to repay their loans. Please refer to section 4.9 in chapter 4, Legislation.

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 of 53 
 
4 Legislation 
A description of selected elements of the legislative framework is set out below.  
Nordea Kredit is a Danish MCI – see also the description of Nordea Kredit in item 5 and 6 of 
chapter 5 of the Base Prospectus. MCIs are credit institutions regulated pursuant to the 
Danish Financial Business Act and the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit 
Bonds etc Act. 
The Danish Financial Business Act includes, among other things, provisions on licences for 
MCIs, statutory areas of activities, good practice, ownership, management, the organisation 
of the undertaking, investment of funds, solvency, liquidity and annual reports. 
The activities of mortgage credit institutions are furthermore regulated by the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act. This act stipulates provisions 
on, among other things, collateral for mortgage credit loans, terms to maturity and repayment 
profiles, lending limits, supervision as well as provisions on the issuance of SDROs, ROs etc. 
In addition, the activities of Nordea Kredit are regulated by the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (the “CRR”), which, among other things, sets requirements for own funds and 
liquidity.  
4.1 Supervision 
As the other Danish MCIs Nordea Kredit is subject to supervision by the Danish FSA, in 
order to ensure compliance with the applicable legislation. The Danish FSA supervises 
Nordea Kredit’s activities on an ongoing basis, including by on-site inspections at Nordea 
Kredit including the valuation of mortgaged properties and by means of regular reports from 
Nordea Kredit as specified in executive orders issued by the Danish FSA pertaining to MCIs. 
4.2 SIFI 
The Danish FSA designates systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”) no later 
than the 30 June of every year.  
Nordea Kredit has been designated as a SIFI since 3 January 2017. Nordea Kredit expects to 
be designated as a SIFI also going forward.  
The designation as a SIFI means that the institution among other things is subject to a higher 
capital requirement (“O-SII buffer requirement”) reflecting the individual institution’s 
systemic importance. The O-SII buffer requirement must be fulfilled with common equity tier 
1 capital (CET1) and is expressed as a percentage of the total REA. The O-SII buffer is 
determined annually by the  Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs. For 2023 
the applicable requirement for Nordea Kredit is 1.5%.   
4.3 Lending 
A mortgage credit loan is granted against a registered mortgage on property according to the 
provisions of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act which 
i.a. specifies lending limits.  Loans without a mortgage on property may be granted to public 
authorities or against suretyship from certain public authorities.  
The lending limit for the individual property is determined based on the property’s designated 
use and thus its classification in the property categories set out, see the Danish Executive 
Order on Classification of Property Categories and Repayment of Loans in case of Change to 
Another Property Category. 
Lending limits for mortgage credit loans funded by RO and SDRO:

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 of 53 
 
 
RO 
SDRO 
Owner-occupied year-round residences 
80% 
80% 
Private cooperative housing 
80% 
80% 
Private housing for letting, including facilities for persons requiring extra care 
80% 
80% 
Non-profit rental housing 
80% 
80% 
Youth housing 
80% 
80% 
Housing for the elderly etc 
80% 
80% 
Properties for social, cultural and educational purposes 
80% 
60% 
Holiday homes not let for commercial purposes.  
75% 
75% 
Agricultural and forestry properties, market gardens etc.* 
70% 
60% 
Holiday homes let for commercial purposes* 
60% 
60% 
Office and retail properties* 
60% 
60% 
Industrial and craftsman’s properties* 
60% 
60% 
Properties for energy supply activities* 
60% 
60% 
Properties fitted out for the purpose of routing data traffic in electronic communications 
networks* 
60% 
60% 
Other properties, including unbuilt plots 
40% 
40% 
* The lending limit for loans financed by SDRO can be increased to 70%, if the issuer puts up supplementary 
capital, equal to at least 10% of the part of the loan exciding 60% of the value of the property.  
 
Mortgage credit loans based on SDRO and RO have a maximum term to maturity of 30 years 
– however, a maximum of 40 years for loans secured on non-profit rental housing, youth 
housing and private cooperative housing where loans are granted on the basis of a pledge of 
support under the Danish Non-Profit Rental Housing etc Act. 
Loans for owner-occupied year-round residences and holiday homes cannot be granted, 
notwithstanding the rank of the loan, so that the loans are amortised more slowly than a 30-
year loan repaid by a fixed amount covering both principal and interest for each term of the 
loan (annuity loans). This requirement may, within the term of the loan, be derogated from 
for a period of up to ten years, taking into account the expected impairment in the value of 
the pledged property and the applicable lending limits.  
These restrictions regarding term to maturity and amortisation do not apply to loans financed 
by SDRO, against mortgages on the following property categories provided that the lending 
limit does not exceed 75%: 
- 
owner-occupied year-round residences;  
- 
private cooperative housing;  
- 
private housing for letting, including facilities for persons requiring extra care;  
- 
non-profit rental housing;  
- 
youth housing;  
- 
housing for the elderly etc;  
- 
properties for social, cultural and educational purposes.  
4.4 The balance principle 
A fundamental element of Danish mortgage credit legislation is the requirement for the 
application of a balance principle, which ensures a close relationship between the mortgage 
credit loans granted and the issued mortgage credit bonds. The balance principle sets limits

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 of 53 
 
for the liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that MCIs are allowed to assume, and it is a 
crucial factor behind the high ratings assigned to Danish SDRO and RO.  
The requirement for MCIs’ compliance with a balance principle is set out in the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act as well as in the Danish FSA’s 
executive order on bond issuance, the balance principle and risk management (Executive 
Order on the Issuance of Bonds, the Balance Principle and Risk Management).   
The Executive Order on Issuance of Bonds, the Balance Principle and Risk Management sets 
restrictions on the difference between   
- 
incoming payments from borrowers with loans secured on property, loans to public 
authorities without collateral or against public guarantees, other investments in assets 
eligible as collateral, derivative financial instruments for hedging payment differences 
and investments and  
- 
outgoing payments to the holders of the ROs issued, SDROs, other securities with 
preferential status issued by mortgage institutions and derivative financial instruments 
for hedging payment differences.  
These restrictions are regulated by limits for the interest rate, currency, liquidity and option 
risks which issuers of such bonds are allowed to assume in accordance with the executive 
order on the balance principle. 
Issuers of SDRO and RO can choose for each register, series with a series reserve fund, group 
of series with a joint series reserve fund or capital centre whether to comply with the general 
or the specific balance principle. The institution’s general reserves are considered an 
independent series and an independent capital centre, as applicable, in the executive order on 
the balance principle.  
Nordea Kredit has chosen to comply with the limits under the specific balance principle for 
both the institution’s general reserves CC1 (ROs) and for CC2 (SDROs). 
 
4.4.1 Executive order on the balance principle – general regulations on the general and the 
specific balance principle  
The executive order on the balance principle contains a number of general regulations 
applicable to both the general and the specific balance principle.  
 
Exposures resulting from financial instruments for hedging purposes with credit institutions 
as counterparties must be held within the 15% limit of the issuer’s outstanding nominal 
volume of Bonds in accordance with Article 129(1)(c) or the 10% limit in accordance with 
Article 129(1), final paragraph, of the CRR as well as the Danish executive order on the 
application of the 10% limit in Article 129 of the CRR for all credit institution claims. 
An overview of the provisions of the executive order on the balance principle for the general 
and the specific balance principle is set out below.  
 
4.4.2 The general balance principle  
 
Risks must be calculated on the basis of the differences between all future incoming 
payments on loans, investments of capital and derivative financial instruments for hedging 
payment differences and outgoing payments on ROs or SDROs issued and derivative 
financial instruments for hedging payment differences.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 of 53 
 
4.4.3 The specific balance principle  
 
Nordea Kredit has chosen to comply with the requirements under the specific balance 
principle. The provisions on the specific balance principle imply i.a. that issuers may not 
grant index-linked loans based on  
- 
the issuance of nominal bonds and other nominal securities or vice versa or  
- 
ROs or SDROs and other securities linked to an index other than the index applicable 
to the loan  
However, these requirements may be derogated from if differences between cash flows are 
fully hedged by means of derivative financial instruments.  
 
Callable loans may not be granted based on the issuance of non-callable ROs or non-callable 
SDROs. This requirement cannot be derogated from through the use of derivative financial 
instruments.   
The issuance of ROs and SDROs may be made as an advance issue to fund fixed-price 
agreements concluded (in Nordea Kredit and this Base Prospectus also referred to as “pre-
issues”) or as a block issue based on estimated lending activities.  
Funds from a block issue not immediately utilised for new lending may not exceed the 
budgeted gross volume of loans for the subsequent 90-day period. These funds must be used 
as soon as possible for new mortgage credit loans, and new block issues may not be made 
until existing block issues have been fully used or any surplus bonds have been cancelled. 
Such surplus funds must be placed in safe and liquid securities or as deposits with credit 
institutions qualifying for credit quality step 2 or higher with a period of notice of up to 12 
months and be kept separate from other funds.  
 
Repayment of loans by bonds other than the underlying ROs or SDROs may not exceed 15% 
of the nominal value of the institution’s/issuer’s ROs or SDROs issued in the register, the 
series with a series reserve fund, the group of series with a joint series reserve fund or the 
capital centre. The ROs or SDROs used to repay the loans must have cash flows which as 
closely as possible match those of the loans repaid.  
Options and comparable derivative instruments with asymmetric returns included in the 
calculation of future payment differences within the balance principle must have a maximum 
term of four years from the time when the agreement was made with the borrower.  
It must be possible to calculate the differences between all future incoming and outgoing 
payments in connection with mortgage credit loans (interest and principal payments from 
borrowers and payments including interest to bondholders and on derivative financial 
instruments for hedging payment differences) on a daily cumulative discounted basis for all 
future incoming and outgoing payments of the capital centre etc. Seen in proportion to the 
issuer’s own funds, a future liquidity shortfall arising from outgoing payments exceeding 
incoming payments may not exceed:  
 
- 
25% in years 1-3; 
- 
50% in years 4-10;  
- 
100% as from year 11 
This does not comprise liquidity shortfalls offset by cash investments, provided that such 
investments are made in safe and liquid securities or as deposits with credit institutions 
qualifying for credit quality step 2 or higher with a period of notice of up to 12 months.  
The interest rate risk arising due to payment differences in connection with lending activities 
may not exceed an amount corresponding to 1% of own funds. The interest rate risk is

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 of 53 
 
calculated as the sum of interest rate risks for each currency in which there are payment 
differences, as the largest decline in the present value of payment differences based on six 
different assumptions for the direction of interest rates. Interest rate risks cannot be offset 
between different currencies. 
 
The interest rate risk on all assets and liabilities as well as off-balance sheet items other than 
the loans and the ROs or SDROs financing these may not exceed 8% of own funds.  
The currency risk on all assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items may not exceed 0.1% of 
own funds. 
4.5 Supervisory diamond 
The Danish FSA has set a number of indicators to measure if there is excessive risk taking in 
the MCIs. Together these indicators constitute the supervisory diamond for MCIs.  
The five indicators are:  
- 
Lending growth:  
Lending growth to the defined individual customer segments must be less than 15% 
per year. The customer segments are divided into four categories: owner occupied 
dwellings and holiday homes, residential rental properties, agricultural properties and  
other commercial properties.  
- 
Borrower’s interest rate risk concerning owner-occupied dwellings, holiday 
homes and private rental housing:  
The percentage share of loans where the loan to value (LTV) ratio exceeds 75% of the 
lending limit and where the interest rate is only fixed for up to two years must be less 
than 25% of lending to these segments.  
- 
Interest-only period on loans to owner-occupied dwellings and holiday homes: 
The percentage share of loans with interest-only periods in the LTV band above 75% 
of the lending limit may not exceed 10% of the total loan volume to owner-occupied 
dwellings and holiday homes.  
- 
Loans with short-term funding:  
The percentage share of loans refinanced must be less than 12.5% of the total loan 
portfolio quarterly and must be less than 25% of the loan portfolio annually. 
- 
Large exposures:  
The sum of the 20 largest exposures less CRR-deductions must be lower than the 
common equity tier 1 capital.   
These indicators are monitored on an ongoing basis and reported regularly to the Danish 
FSA.  
4.6 Recovery and resolution 
The regulations on recovery and resolution of the BRRD (Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive) have been implemented in Danish legislation in the Danish Act on Restructuring 
and Resolution of Certain Financial Businesses as well as by amendments to the Danish 
Financial Business Act. The purpose of the regulations is to safeguard the financial stability 
by quick and effective intervention in the event that an institution is failing or likely to fail.  
MCIs are required to prepare and maintain a recovery plan, which must be submitted to the 
relevant  authority annually. 
The tasks and powers concerning Nordea Kredit resolution are handled by the competent 
resolution authority under European and local Danish legislation in Denmark this is Finansiel 
Stabilitet.

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 of 53 
 
Finansiel Stabilitet has four resolution tools in connection with the resolution of a failing 
financial institution: 
- 
full or partial sale of business; 
- 
establishment of a so-called bridge institution (subsidiary) which can temporarily take 
over all or some activities; 
- 
establishment of an asset management vehicle to which assets, rights or liabilities can 
be transferred; 
- 
writing down or converting the entity’s obligations (bail-in) for the purpose of 
absorbing losses and recapitalising the entity. However, Danish MCIs are exempted 
from the write down/conversion – bail-in – of instruments other than capital 
instruments.  
 Nordea Kredit must make payments to a resolution fund that can contribute to the resolution 
of a failing financial institution.  
The BRRD provides resolution authorities (Finansiel Stabilitet) with powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to distressed institutions, which i.a. may include 
(without limitation): 
- 
the modifications to the terms of debt instruments – e.g. altering the amount of 
interest payable and temporary suspension of payments 
- 
replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments  
- 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments 
4.7 Debt buffer 
In connection with the implementation of the BRRD, Danish MCIs must meet a debt buffer 
requirement of 2% calculated on the basis of the total unweighted lending of the individual 
institution according to Danish law.  
According to the Danish Financial Business Act the current debt buffer requirement of 2% 
will apply to Nordea Kredit with no additional requirement, if an 8% MREL is fulfilled on 
group level as Nordea Kredit is a SIFI mortgage credit institution belonging to a group with a 
mother company inside the EU. 
4.8 Nordea Kredit’s CC2 and the institution’s general reserves CC1 
The origination of mortgage credit loans and the issuance of mortgage credit bonds and 
covered mortgage credit bonds to finance these loans can be effected in series. Mortgage 
credit bonds and other securities cannot be issued in the same series. Covered mortgage credit 
bonds (SDROs) must be issued in separate series with a series reserve fund. A series or a 
group of series with a joint series reserve fund and joint liability constitutes a capital centre. 
The value of the assets backing the covered mortgage credit bonds issued must as a minimum 
match the value of the covered mortgage credit bonds issued, and the collateral provided for 
the individual loan must always comply with the applicable lending limit.  
In the event that the value of the assets no longer matches the value of the SDROs issued, the 
institution must provide supplementary collateral to comply with the requirement. A similar 
rule does not apply to ROs.  
ROs issued under this Base Prospectus are issued out of the institution’s general reserves, 
CC1 – Nordea Kredit does currently not issue new ROs. 
SDROs issued under this Base Prospectus are issued out of Nordea Kredit’s CC2.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 of 53 
 
If Nordea Kredit opens additional capital centres in the future, such capital centres will be 
included in the Base Prospectus subject to publication of a prospectus supplement. 
4.9 Bankruptcy and restructuring 
The Danish Bankruptcy Act is supplemented by the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and 
Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act and confers a primary preferential right on the holders of 
SDROs, ROs and certain counterparties relating to derivative financial instruments in the 
event of a bankruptcy of the MCI. 
The issuance of a bankruptcy order against an MCI cannot be submitted as cause for 
acceleration of payments by holders of ROs, SDROs and other securities or lenders pursuant 
to section 15(1) of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act. 
Furthermore, it does not deprive the borrowers of the MCI of the right to prepay, in full or in 
part mortgage credit loans  in accordance with the terms of repayment pertaining to the 
relevant loans. 
A bankruptcy estate may not disburse payments to satisfy claims submitted by holders of 
ROs, SDROs, SDOs and other securities at an earlier time than the time when the institution 
was allowed to discharge itself by making the ordinary payments. The bankruptcy estate may 
not terminate loan agreements to a greater extent than the MCI was entitled to, and the 
bankruptcy estate may only change the administration  fees etc if this change is based on 
changes in market conditions and a need for additional funds for the administration of the 
estate has been ascertained. 
The bondholders thus have a primary preferential right to the assets of the series reserve fund. 
In accordance with the legislation, payments of interest and principal to the bondholders 
continue as long as sufficient funds are available and are not pending the final settlement of 
the bankruptcy estate. 
If an MCI is declared bankrupt, the funds of the capital centres, less costs for the processing 
of the bankruptcy estate etc, including costs for the trustee, staff etc, will be used to satisfy 
claims from holders of ROs, SDROs, SDOs and other securities in the relevant series or 
group of series with a series reserve fund as well as claims for interest accrued on the said 
claims from the time of the bankruptcy order. Subsequently, claims comprised by section 
25(2) of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act will be 
satisfied. After payment of the claims and debt listed in section 27 of the Danish Mortgage-
Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act, any remaining funds will be included in 
the assets of the bankruptcy estate. 
If a bankruptcy order is issued or restructuring proceedings are initiated with respect to the 
mortgage credit institution, funds cannot be transferred between series with a series reserve 
fund and the institution’s general reserves. 
If restructuring proceedings are initiated, the mortgage credit institution must, as far as 
possible, continue to fulfil its payment obligations in accordance with claims from holders of 
ROs, SDROs, SDOs and other securities on the due date for payment, unless the restructuring 
administrator decrees otherwise. With the consent of the restructuring administrator, 
mortgage credit institutions may enter into agreements on financial instruments, raise loans to 
finance payments to investors and provide collateral for such loans in the form of assets 
except for mortgages provided as collateral for bonds belonging to the series with a series 
reserve fund for which the payment is affected. The restructuring administrator can issue 
refinancing bonds to replace bonds matured in the relevant series.

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 of 53 
 
The funds of the institution’s general reserves, less costs for the processing of the bankruptcy 
estate etc, including costs for the trustee, staff etc, will be used to satisfy claims from holders 
of mortgage credit bonds and other securities not issued in series with a series reserve fund as 
well as claims for interest accrued on the said claims from the time of the bankruptcy order. 
However, the above funds cannot exceed the mortgages underlying the mortgage credit bonds 
and other securities plus an amount corresponding to 8% of the risk-weighted value of the 
mortgages. After payment of the claims and debt listed in section 27 of the Danish Mortgage-
Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act, any remaining funds will be included in 
the assets of the bankruptcy estate. 
The restructuring administrator can issue refinancing bonds to replace bonds matured in the 
relevant series. 
If the mortgage credit institution does not provide supplementary collateral when required, 
this may not be submitted as cause for acceleration of payments by holders of covered 
mortgage credit bonds or lenders pursuant to section 15(1) of the Danish Mortgage-Credit 
Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act. 
In the event that the capital centre does not have sufficient assets to compensate the holders 
of mortgage credit bonds or covered mortgage credit bonds, the bondholders may raise the 
outstanding claim according to the provisions of section 96 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
against the assets available for distribution of the institution’s general reserves.  
If a mortgage credit institution is declared bankrupt, counterparties to the financial 
instruments used to hedge risks in a series or a group of series of mortgage credit bonds, 
covered mortgage credit bonds or covered bonds, according to section 26(4) of the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act, rank pari passu, under 
bankruptcy legislation, with the holders of mortgage credit bonds, covered mortgage credit 
bonds or covered bonds in the relevant series or group of series. 
4.10 Covered bond directive 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 on the issuance of covered bonds (the “Covered Bond Directive”) 
has been implemented in Danish law, and the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-
Credit Bonds etc Act sets the level of minimum over-collateralisation in accordance with the 
CRR.   
The Covered Bond Directive specifies the core elements for covered bonds within the EU 
under the common definition “European Covered Bond”. The Covered Bond Directive lays 
down requirements for the types of assets which can be used to collateralise covered bonds as 
well as the main characteristics of covered bonds. 
Furthermore, covered bonds which comply with the existing requirements of the CRR and 
new stricter requirements, such as minimum overcollateralization, will continue to benefit 
from lower risk weights, hence lower capital requirements in relation to other covered bonds. 
The Covered Bond Directive includes rules on grandfathering of covered bonds issued before 
the new rules came into effect. Covered bonds issued after the new rules came into force 
must meet the rules laid down in the Covered Bond Directive. 
Covered Bonds which comply with the rules laid down in the Covered Bond Directive will be 
eligible as “European Covered Bonds”. Covered Bonds which comply with the rules laid 
down in the Covered Bond Directive and the rules laid down in the CRR, including the 
requirement on overcollateralization, will be eligible as “European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”.

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 of 53 
 
The ROs issued by Nordea Kredit meet the requirements of the directive and will be 
designated as “European Covered Bonds”, while the SDROs meet the additional 
requirements in the CRR in terms of OC and consistent compliance with LTV limits and will 
be designated as  “European Covered Bonds (Premium)”.

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 of 53 
5 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT  
- for numbering, refer to Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
1 - PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ 
REPORTS AND COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
1.1 Please refer to the Responsibility statement in chapter 2. 
1.2 Please refer to the Responsibility statement in chapter 2. 
1.3 The Base Prospectus does not include statements or reports from external 
experts. 
1.4 The Base Prospectus does not include information from a third party. 
1.5 Please refer to the “Responsibility statement” in chapter 2. 
2 – AUDITORS 
2.1 PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab, Strandvejen 
44, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark, Danish business registration (CVR) number 
33771231 has audited the annual financial statements of Nordea Kredit: 
- 
For the fiscal year 2022, represented by Christian Fredensborg Jakobsen 
(mne16539), state-authorised public accountant, and Peter Nissen 
(mne33260), state-authorised public accountant 
- 
For the fiscal year 2021, represented by Christian Fredensborg Jakobsen 
(mne16539), state-authorised public accountant, and Benny Voss 
(mne15009), state-authorised public accountant.   
Nordea Kredit’s external auditors are members of FSR – Danish Auditors 
(formerly the Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants in Denmark). 
2.2 At Nordea Kredit's latest general meeting on 21 February 2023, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab was again 
elected for a 1-year period as Nordea Kredit’s auditor. 
3 - RISK FACTORS 
3.1 Nordea Kredit has assessed the significance of a risk factor based on the impact 
and the probability that a given risk factor materializes.  
The probability of a risk factor is assessed on the scale low, medium, high - 
however, it is not possible to assess the probability of all risk factors. 
For information on risk factors that may affect Nordea Kredit’s ability to fulfill 
its obligations in connection with the Bonds, please refer to section 3 “Risk 
factors” in this base prospectus. 
4 - INFORMATION ABOUT NORDEA KREDIT 
4.1 History and development of Nordea Kredit 
4.1.1 Nordea Kredit´s legal name is: Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab. Nordea 
Kredit has Nordea Realkredit A/S, Nordea Realkreditaktieselskab and 
Unikredit Realkreditaktieselskab as commercial names. 
4.1.2 Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, incorporated as a limited company in 
Denmark, (Danish business registration (CVR) number 15134275) and LEI 
code 52990080NNXXLC14OC65)  
Nordea Kredit is a Danish mortgage credit institution domiciled in 
Copenhagen, Copenhagen Municipality.  
The company’s registered address is Grønjordsvej 10, 2300 Copenhagen S, 
Denmark, telephone +45 33 33 36 36. 
4.1.3 Nordea Kredit was founded on 9 January 1991, registered with the Danish 
Business Authority on 26 March 1991 and approved as a mortgage credit

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 of 53 
institution on 19 August 1993 under the name of Unikredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab by Finanstilsynet (the Danish FSA). 
Nordea Kredit has since then supplied mortgage credit products to the Bank’s 
customers.  
Nordea Kredit’s business volume has developed in line with the demand for 
mortgage credit products funded by Bonds issued by Nordea Kredit.  
Nordea Kredit has delivered both growth and positive financial results and now 
constitutes a significant part of the Bank’s Danish branch. 
4.1.4 Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is incorporated as a limited company in 
Denmark, (Danish business registration (CVR) number 15134275), LEI code 
52990080NNXXLC14OC65) and operates under Danish legislation – in 
particular the Danish Financial Business Act and the Mortgage Credit Loans 
and Mortgage Credit Bonds etc. Act. 
 
Nordea Kredit  
Grønjordsvej 10 
2300 København S 
 
Web: www.nordeakredit.dk (Information on the website is not a part of this 
Base Prospectus)  
E-mail nordea@nordea.dk 
Phone: +45 70 33 33 33 
4.1.5 To the best of our knowledge no significant change in the financial position of 
Nordea Kredit has occurred since the latest published annual report for 2022. 
4.1.6 Mortgage credit bonds issued by Nordea Kredit in general currently have 
ratings (“long-term covered bond rating”) of AAA from Standard & Poor’s 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Covered mortgage credit bonds 
issued out of Nordea Kredit’s CC2 have been assigned the same ratings.  
S&P is established in the European Union and registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 as of the date of the Base Prospectus. A list of 
approved credit rating agencies is available on ESMA’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation), which 
was last updated on 27 March 2023.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or own securities and may be 
suspended, downgraded or withdrawn by the relevant credit rating agency at 
any time. 
4.1.7 There has been no significant change in the financial position or the borrowing 
and funding structure of Nordea Kredit since the publication of the annual 
report for 2022. 
4.1.8 Nordea Kredit finances its lending activities exclusively through the issuance of 
Bonds. For the past more than 10 years the company has solely issued SDROs. 
ROs are issued out of the institution’s general reserves (CC1) and SDROs are 
issued out of CC2. 
Operating activities are financed through earnings generated on an ongoing 
basis. 
Nordea Kredit expects to continue to finance lending activities by issuing 
Bonds.

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 of 53 
5 - BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 Principal activities 
 The object of Nordea Kredit is to carry on all types of mortgage credit activity 
and any other activities considered ancillary to the company’s mortgage credit 
activity within the framework of the mortgage credit legislation applicable from 
time to time. This follows from Article 2 of the Articles of Association and 
from article 2 of the Founding Agreement.     
 
a) Nordea Kredit is part of the Nordea Group with the primary purpose of 
ensuring the Bank's ability to offer customers advantageous mortgage 
credit products and services. 
b) Recently Nordea Kredit has not issued or launched significant new 
products. 
c) The primary market is the Danish market – including the EEZ of 
Denmark - and involves lending for  
• owner occ. dwellings & holiday homes (retail customers//personal 
customers) 
• agriculture, urban trades, rental housing, tenant owned associations 
etc. for corporate/business customers  
In special cases lending in Greenland and on the Faroe Islands can be offered – 
given that the debtor is a Danish public authority or with a primary guarantee 
from a Danish public authority according to the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans 
and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act.  
5.2 For statements on the competitive position of Nordea Kredit please see the 
Annual Report of Nordea Kredit for 2022. 
6 - ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
 
The Issuer is part of the Nordea Group, which is a large financial group in the 
Nordic region (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) measured by total 
income. The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of banking and 
financial products and services to household and corporate customers, 
including financial institutions. The Nordea Group's products and services 
comprise a broad range of household banking services, including mortgages 
and consumer loans, credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of savings, life 
insurance and pension products. In addition, the Nordea Group offers a wide 
range of corporate banking services, including business loans, cash 
management, payment and account services, risk management products and 
advisory services, debt and equity-related products for liquidity and capital 
raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, institutional asset management 
services and corporate life and pension products.  
The Nordea Group's parent company, Nordea Bank Abp, is a public limited 
liability company formed in accordance with Finnish law with headquarters in 
Helsinki. The Bank's shares are listed and traded at the stock  exchanges in 
Stockholm (in SEK), Copenhagen (in DKK) and Helsinki (in EUR).

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 of 53 
Nordea Kredit 
Nordea Kredit is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp.  
The following chart sets forth the main legal structure of the Nordea Group as 
of 1 November 2022: 
 
 
6.2 Nordea Kredit Realkredtaktieselskab is a 100% owned subsidiary of Nordea 
Bank Abp thus the business activities and operations of Nordea Kredit are also 
closely integrated with and tied to the Bank. 
The business model of Nordea Kredit is highly dependent on the Bank as key 
processes related to lending and funding are conducted or partly conducted by 
the Bank. The close collaboration with the Bank is considered an operational 
risk to Nordea Kredit. This risk is largely mitigated by outsourcing and 
governance agreements between the entities.  
The outsourced or partly outsourced processes include customer contact, credit 
risk assessments, ongoing scoring and rating, refinancing and pre-issuance etc.    
Nordea Kredit’s mortgage credit loans are provided via the Branch, Nordea 
Kredit makes use of IT systems and solutions developed and operated by the 
Bank and a number of other significant activities have been outsourced to the 
Bank. 
Bond issuance and sales as well as investment of own funds are performed in 
close collaboration with entities of the Bank. In addition, the Bank and Nordea 
Kredit have a number of joint staff functions and some functions are performed 
at Nordea Group level. 
To ensure that these processes work smoothly and with clearly defined 
responsibilities, this cooperation is governed by Intra Group Agreements 
(IGAs) and business continuity plans. 
7 - TREND INFORMATION 
7.1 a) No significant change in the prospects of Nordea Kredit has occurred since 
the publication of the annual report 2022 
b) No significant change in the financial performance and position of Nordea 
Kredit has occurred since the publication of the annual report 2022. For the 
current status of Nordea Kredit's expectations for the coming year's result

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 of 53 
and/or the financial position, please refer to the latest annual or half-yearly 
report and company announcements. 
7.2 At the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea Kredit is not aware of any trends, 
uncertainty, requirements, obligations or events that may reasonably be 
expected to have a material impact on Nordea Kredit’s prospects for the current 
financial year.  
 
For the current status of Nordea Kredit´s earnings expectations for the coming 
year and/or Nordea Kredit´s financial position, see the latest annual or semi-
annual report and any company announcements regarding changed 
expectations. 
8 - PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
8.1 At the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea Kredit is not aware of trends, 
uncertainties, requirements, obligations or events that can reasonably be 
expected to have a significant impact on Nordea Kredit's performance for the 
current financial year.  
For the current status of Nordea Kredit's expectations for the coming year's 
result and the financial position, please refer to the latest annual or half-yearly 
report and company announcements. 
8.2 The Base Prospectus does not include profit expectations or forecasts. 
8.3 The Base Prospectus does not include profit expectations or forecasts. 
9 - ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 The Board of Directors of Nordea Kredit has the following members: 
Mads Skovlund Pedersen (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Head of Personal Banking Nordea Denmark  
Country Senior Executive DK Nordea Danmark 
External assignments: 
Board Member of FR I AF 16. September 2015 A/S (FR1) 
Vice Chairman of Finance Denmark 
Anne Rømer (Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
None 
External assignments: 
Vice President of Finance & Treasury, DSB 
Chairman of of the Board of Directors of: 
- Selskabet af 28.08.2017 67DD A/S 
- Selskabet af 23.05.2017 46DD A/S 
- Selskabet af 04.09.2020 EB A/S 
- Selskabet af 04.01.2021 EB A/S 
- Selskabet af 03.01.2021 EB A/S 
Anders Frank-Læssøe (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Group Treasurer, Group Treasury Nordea Bank Abp

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 of 53 
External assignments: 
None 
Anita Ina Nielsen (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Country AML Responsible Nordea Denmark 
External assignments: 
None 
Thomas Vedel Kristensen (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments:  
Strategic Advisor within Technology Nordea Abp 
External assignments: 
None 
Helene Bløcher (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Head of Business Banking Nordea Denmark 
External assignments: 
None 
Tina Helen Sandvik (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Head of Products and Business Development Nordea Abp 
Member of the Board of Directors of Nordea Hypotek AB (publ), Sweden 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc, 
Finland  
Member of the Board of Directors of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS, Norway 
External assignments: 
None  
Anders Holkmann Olsen (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Country Branch Manager for Denmark & Group General Counsel, Nordea 
Danmark 
External assigments: 
Board member of Karl Pedersen og Hustrus Industrifond 
Chairman of Fionia Asset Company A/S 
Chairman of Ejendomsselskabet Vestre Stationsvej 7, Odense A/S 
Peder Birkebæk Bach (member of the Board of Directors) 
Internal assignments: 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions, Nordea Denmark 
External assignments: 
None 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is:

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 of 53 
Nordea Danmark, filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland, Grønjordsvej 10, 2300 
Copenhagen S, Denmark. 
9.2 Nordea Kredit is not aware of any interests or conflicts of interest of 
importance for the issuance of Bonds under this Base Prospectus. 
10 - MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 Nordea Kredit is 100% owned by Nordea Bank Abp 
10.2 At the date of the Base Prospectus, Nordea Kredit is not aware of any 
agreements which may later result in someone - other than Nordea Bank Abp - 
taking over control of Nordea Kredit. 
11 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical financial information 
11.1.1 Audited financial information, for the last two financial years is set out below.  
The full Annual Reports from which the below information has been extracted 
have been audited by Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab’s auditors. The 
Annual reports are published on Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab’s 
website (www.nordeakredit.dk) under Investor Information. The annual report 
for 2022 can be found here and the annual report for 2021 here. 
 
 
Income, profit and business volumes, key items (DKKm)   
2022 
2021 
Net interest and fee income   
2,840 
 2,694  
Value adjustments   
-17 
 1  
Other operating income 
4 
8 
Staff and administrative expenses   
-1,424 
 -1,367  
Impairment losses on loans and receivables   
-27 
 82  
Profit before tax   
1,377 
 1,419  
Net profit for the period   
1,075 
 1,107  
Receivables from credit institutions and central banks   
39,264 
 48,523  
Loans and receivables at fair value   
385,887 
 432,280  
Debt to credit institutions and central banks   
9,503 
 14,260  
Bonds in issue at fair value   
389,737 
 441,234  
Total equity   
22,280 
 22,311  
Total assets   
425,506 
 481,015  
   
     
     
Ratios and key figures (%)   
2022 
2021 
Return on equity   
4.8 
4.9 
Cost/income ratio   
50.4 
50.5 
Total capital ratio   
30.5 
26.6 
Tier 1 capital ratio   
28.4 
24.7 
Tier 1 capital, DKKm   
20,628 
 20,526  
Risk exposure amount, DKKm   
72,751 
 83,099  
Average number of employees (full-time equivalents)   
116 
118 
  
  
  
Cash flow statements for Nordea Kredit are set out below.   
  
  
Cash flow statement (DKKm)   
  
  
Operating activities   
2022 
2021 
Profit for the period before tax   
1,377 
1,419

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 of 53 
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow:   
    
    
Impairment losses on loans and receivables   
9 
-160 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and 
    intangible assets  
0 
0 
Depreciation and impairment losses of assets held temporarily   
0 
-1 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses of other assets 
-3 
-4 
Revaluation of investment in associated undertaking   
1 
2 
Prepaid expenses/deferred income (net)   
-5 
-2 
   
1,379 
1,254 
Working capital   
     
     
Loans and receivables at fair value adjusted for losses   
    and impairment charges  
46,384 
-14,567 
Loans and receivables at amortised cost   
0 
0 
Other assets   
-131 
178 
Debt to credit institutions and central banks   
-4,757 
9,262 
Bonds in issue   
-51,497 
6,179 
Other liabilities   
782 
20 
Tax, net   
-308 
-325 
Cash flow from operating activities   
-8,148 
2,001 
Investing activities   
     
     
Bonds   
- 
- 
Shares   
- 
- 
Investment in associated undertaking   
-2 
-3 
Tangible and intangible assets adjusted for depreciation  
    and amortisation  
- 
- 
Assets held temporarily   
-2 
6 
Cash flow from investing activities   
-4 
3 
Financing activities   
   
   
Proceeds from subordinated capital   
- 
-2,200 
Dividend   
-1,107 
-1,279 
Cash flow from financing activities   
-1,107 
-3,479 
   
   
   
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
-9,259 
-1,475 
   
   
   
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   
48,523 
49,998 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   
39,264 
48,523 
 
The cash flow statement above has been prepared for this Base Prospectus and 
is not audited. Nordea Kredit declares that the above cash flow statement gives 
a true and fair view and is in accordance with the applicable rules and standards 
for Danish mortgage institutions, including the Danish Financial Business Act 
and the Danish Executive Order on Financial Reports for Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms etc. 
11.1.2 The closing date of the financial year has not been changed for the past two 
financial years.. 
11.1.3 Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab’s financial reports have been prepared in 
accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act, including the Financial 
Supervisory Authority's Executive order on Financial Reports for Credit 
Institutions and Investments Firms etc (the Executive Order).

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 of 53 
11.1.4 There have been no changes in the accounting framework since the last audited 
annual report. 
11.1.5 We refer to the financial information included under item 11.1.1 above. 
11.1.6 Nordea Kredit only prepares stand-alone financial statements. 
11.1.7 The latest audited financial information was published on February 20, 2023. 
11.2 Interim and other financial information 
11.2.1 Half-yearly financial information for Nordea Kredit for 2022 and 2023 is set 
out below. This information has not been audited.  
 
Income, profit and business volumes, key items (DKKm)   
1H2023 
1H2022 
Net interest and fee income   
     1.569  
     1.351  
Value adjustments   
        -14  
           5  
Other operating income 
          -1  
0  
Staff and administrative expenses   
      -703  
      -712  
Impairment losses on loans and receivables   
           4  
         34  
Profit before tax   
        855  
        680  
Net profit for the year 
        640  
        530  
Receivables from credit institutions and central banks   
   45.042  
   45.564  
Loans and receivables at fair value   
 381.551  
 398.185  
Debt to credit institutions and central banks   
   14.589  
   28.722  
Bonds in issue at fair value   
 386.054  
 390.024  
Total equity   
   21.845  
   21.735  
Total assets   
 426.805  
 444.410  
Ratios and key figures (%)   
1H2023 
1H2022 
Return on equity   
5,8 
4,8 
Cost/income ratio   
45,2 
52,5 
Total capital ratio   
30,8 
28,6 
Tier 1 capital ratio   
28,7 
26,6 
Tier 1 capital, DKKm   
   20.672  
   20.566  
Risk exposure amount, DKKm   
   72.125  
   77.370  
Average number of employees (full-time equivalents)   
112 
116 
Cash flow statements for Nordea Kredit are set out below.   
  
  
Cash flow statement (DKKm)   
1H2023 
1H2022 
Operating activities   
Profit for the period before tax   
        855  
        680  
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow:   
  
  
Impairment losses on loans and receivables   
        -12  
        -46  
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and 
    intangible assets  
0  
0  
Depreciation and impairment losses of assets held temporarily   
1  
0  
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses of other assets 
          -  
          -2  
Revaluation of investment in associated undertaking   
          -  
           1  
Prepaid expenses/deferred income (net)   
        -45  
        -27  
   
799 
606 
Working capital   
  
  
Loans and receivables at fair value adjusted for losses and impairment 
charges  
     4.348  
   34.141  
Loans and receivables at amortised cost   
1  
0  
Other assets   
        175  
      -422

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 of 53 
Debt to credit institutions and central banks   
     5.086  
   14.462  
Bonds in issue   
    -3.683  
  -51.210  
Other liabilities   
        231  
        685  
Tax, net   
      -101  
      -113  
Cash flow from operating activities   
    6.856  
   -1.851  
   
  
  
Investing activities   
  
  
Bonds   
          -  
          -  
Shares   
          -  
          -  
Investment in associated undertaking   
           1  
          -1  
Tangible and intangible assets adjusted for depreciation and amortisation  
          -  
          -  
Assets held temporarily   
          -4  
          -  
Cash flow from investing activities   
          -3  
          -1  
Financing activities   
  
  
Proceeds from subordinated capital   
          -  
          -  
Dividend   
    -1.075  
    -1.107  
Cash flow from financing activities   
   -1.075  
   -1.107  
   
  
  
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
     5.778  
    -2.959  
   
  
  
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period   
   39.264  
   48.523  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   
  45.042  
  45.564  
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
11.3.1 The annual financial information set out above – except the cash flow 
statements - has been audited by independent auditors. 
11.3.2 No information in this Base Prospectus other than the annual financial 
information has been audited by the auditors.  
11.3.3 All annual financial information above – except the cash flow statements – has 
been extracted from Nordea Kredit´s audited financial statements. 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.4.1 During the past 12 months Nordea Kredit has not been involved in any legal or 
arbitration proceedings which are material to Nordea Kredit or its financial 
position. Nordea Kredit has however received the below mentioned orders 
following on-site inspections by the DFSA in the said period.   
 
Inspection, Funds, funding and liquidity – FSA statement 15 May 2023 
The Danish FSA has carried out a functional inspection at Nordea Kredit in the 
area of funds, funding and liquidity in the period 23-25. January 2023. On the 
basis of the inspection, the FSA has ordered Nordea Kredit to: 
 
1. Ensure that the tasks carried out by the risk manager are adequately 
documented (Pending) 
2. Ensure that the liquidity stress test reflects improbable but not 
unthinkable scenarios, and to a sufficient extent reflects the 
consequences on applicable liquidity requirements such as the LCR and 
pillar II requirements – and further ensure that the assumptions behind 
the stress test are well-founded and supported by relevant analysis in the 
documentation for the stress test, including a clear description of when 
and in which contexts the assumptions apply (Pending)

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 of 53 
3. Ensure that the LCR is calculated fairly and on a daily basis, and that 
the number of cancellations/delays is reduced to a reassuring level 
(Closed) 
 
The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority has further reprimanded Nordea 
Kredit for not having ensured that liquidity statements and assumptions are 
validated with appropriate frequency. 
 
Link: The Danish FSA's 15 May 2023 statement on Nordea Kredit (in Danish). 
 
Inspection AML – FSA statement 5 January 2023 
In June 2022, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority carried out an 
inspection in the area of AML. On the basis of the inspection, the FSA has 
ordered Nordea Kredit to:  
 
1. Adapt its written business procedures such that they contain 
descriptions of the specific activities that the employees must carry out 
in connection with handling suspicious or unusual transactions which 
must be reported to the Danish FIU (Financial Investigation Unit - 
Money Laundering Secretariat) (Closed) 
2. Assess and, where relevant, update information on the origin of the 
funds for customers who are not customers of the parent company, in 
the ongoing customer due diligence procedure (Pending) 
3. Investigate suspicious persons transactions without undue delay to 
ensure an immediate notification to the Danish FIU - and also ensure 
that the results of these investigations are recorded and stored (Closed) 
4. Carry out sufficient internal controls of the company's investigations of 
unusual transactions to ensure that the investigations are carried out in a 
timely manner and ensure that the result is noted to a sufficient extent 
(Closed) 
 
Link: The Danish FSA’s 5 January 2023 statement on Nordea Kredit (in 
Danish). 
11.5 Significant change in the issuer’s financial position 
11.5.1 On the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no significant changes in  
Nordea Kredit's financial position since the published annual report for 2022. 
As for the current expectations for the coming year's results and the financial 
position, please refer to the latest half-yearly report for 2023. 
12 - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 The share capital of Nordea Kredit consists of 17,172,500 shares in the 
denomination of DKK 100 corresponding to a nominal value of DKK 
1,717,250,000. The share capital is not divided into classes. The share capital is 
fully paid up. 
12.2 The object of Nordea Kredit is to carry on all types of mortgage credit activity 
and any other activities considered ancillary to the company’s mortgage credit 
activity within the framework of the mortgage credit legislation applicable from 
time to time. This follows from Article 2 of the Articles of Association and 
from article 2 of the Founding Agreement.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 of 53 
13 - MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
13.1 Since the date of this Base Prospectus Nordea Kredit has not entered into 
significant agreements beyond normal business activities that affect the ability 
to comply with obligations towards the Bondholders. 
14 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
14.1 Nordea Kredit declares that the following documents are available for 
inspection in hard copy by contacting Nordea Kredit, Grønjordsvej 10, 2300 
København S, Att Legal and NK Board or electronically at 
https://www.nordea.dk/privat/produkter/boliglaan/investor-information.html: 
- 
Nordea Kredit’s Articles of Association  
- 
Founding Agreement (hard copy only) 
- 
Company announcements: 
https://www.nordea.dk/privat/produkter/boliglaan/investor-
information.html#tab=Company-announcements 
- 
 
- 
Nordea Green Funding Framework (GFF) and ISS ESG second party 
opinion can be found here: https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-
and-rating/sustainable-funding#greenbonds

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 of 53 
6 SECURITIES NOTE FOR RETAIL NON-EQUITY SECURITIES  
- for numbering, refer to Annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
1 - PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ 
REPORTS AND COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
1.1 Please refer to chapter 2 - Responsibility Statement 
1.2 Please refer to chapter 2 - Responsibility Statement 
1.3 The Base Prospectus does not include statements or reports by external experts. 
1.4 The Base Prospectus does not include information provided or sourced by a 
third party. 
 
a) Nordea Kredit declares that the Base Prospectus has been approved by 
the Danish FSA in its capacity as competent authority in compliance 
with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
b) The Danish FSA only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency as 
imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
c) The approval should not be considered as an endorsement of Nordea 
Kredit. 
d) Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the securities 
2 - RISK FACTORS 
2.1 Please refer to chapter 3 – Risk Factors 
3 - ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
3.1 Nordea Kredit is not aware of any conflicts of interest that are material to 
Nordea Kredit in connection with the offer of the Bonds. 
3.2 The net proceeds from the Bonds issued will be used to finance mortgage loans 
secured by mortgages on property or loans to public authorities granted by 
Nordea Kredit. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is another or a 
particular identified use of proceeds, such as for example in relation to any 
Green Mortgage Bonds or Covered Mortgage Bonds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Any surplus funds from Bonds issued under the Base Prospectus will be 
invested in safe and liquid securities in compliance with the provisions of 
Danish legislation and internal policies, see section 4 “Legislation” of the Base 
Prospectus. 
4 - INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED TO 
THE PUBLIC/ADMITTED TO TRADING 
4.1 
a) Nordea Kredit issues SDROs and ROs (Bonds) in accordance with the 
Mortgage Credit Loans and Mortgage Credit Bonds etc. Act with 
associated executive orders  
b) The ISIN code appears in the Final Terms see chapter 8. 
4.2 The issuance of Bonds is regulated by the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and 
Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc Act as well as the Danish Financial Business Act 
and by several executive orders issued in pursuance of these acts. For a more 
detailed review of the legislation applicable to mortgage institutions and the 
issuance of Bonds, see section 4 “Legislation” of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Any actions relating to the Bonds offered must be brought before the City 
Court of Copenhagen

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 of 53 
4.3 The Bonds are issued in book-entry form as dematerialised securities and are 
registered with:  
 
Euronext Securities 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 
1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark  
 
Nordea Kredit may choose another CSD – the Final Terms will state the CSD 
of the ISIN codes concerned 
4.4 The total amount offered cannot be fixed until an ISIN code is closed for new 
issuance. The amount depends on borrowers´ lending as well as prepayments. 
Bonds are issued and prepaid in accordance with the lending activities 
performed by Nordea Kredit on behalf of the borrowers. 
 
The current volume in circulation can be found at Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ 
website - https://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/bonds/denmark. (Note that the 
website is not part of the BP and not assessed or approved by the NCA 
(National Competent Authority) i.e. the Danish FSA. 
4.5 The Bonds will be denominated in DKK, EUR or another currency. The 
currency of a particular ISIN code  is stated in the Final Terms 
4.6 In the event of bankruptcy of Nordea Kredit, Bondholders have a primary 
preferential right to the assets in the appropriate capital centre and additionally 
rank before unsecured creditors (subject to certain costs of administration of the 
estate etc.) in terms of assets in the capital centre where the Bonds are issued. 
Any residual claims from the Bondholders rank before unsecured claims on 
other assets of Nordea Kredit´s bankruptcy estate.  
For a more detailed description of the preferential treatment under bankruptcy 
law, etc., see Section 4 Legislation. 
4.7 The Bonds are non-callable by the Bondholders throughout the life of the 
Bonds.  
Bondholders can exercise their rights relating to Bonds issued under the Base 
Prospectus by application to Nordea Kredit.  
 
Exemption from liability 
Nordea Kredit is liable to pay damages according to Danish law, due to errors 
or negligence. 
However, in areas subject to stricter liability, Nordea Kredit is not liable for 
any loss caused by breakdown of or lack of access to IT systems or damage to 
the data of these systems which can be attributed to the events below, 
regardless of whether Nordea Kredit itself or an external vendor is responsible 
for operating the systems; 
• failures in Nordea Kredit’s power supply or telecommunications, 
statutory intervention or administrative acts, natural disasters, war, 
insurrection, civil unrest, sabotage, terrorism or vandalism (including 
computer viruses and hacking); 
• strikes, lockouts, boycotts or blockades, whether or not the dispute is 
directed against or initiated by Nordea Kredit or its organisation and 
regardless of the reason for the dispute – this also applies if the dispute 
only affects parts of Nordea Kredit; 
• other circumstances beyond the control of Nordea Kredit.

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 of 53 
 
Nordea Kredit’s exemption from liability does not apply if Nordea Kredit 
should have anticipated the circumstances causing the loss when the agreement 
was concluded or should have avoided or overcome the cause of the loss. 
 
Nordea Kredit is liable for the circumstances causing the loss pursuant to 
Danish law. 
 
Any actions relating to the Bonds offered must be brought before the City 
Court of Copenhagen. 
4.8 The Bonds carry interest as described in further detail below as well as in the 
Final Terms. See chapter 8 for the templates for Final Terms. 
 
a) The nominal interest rate 
The Bonds may be issued with a fixed or a variable coupon rate. The 
coupon rate (the nominal interest rate) of Bonds with fixed rates will be 
stated in the Final Terms.  
If the coupon rate of the Bonds is variable, the nominal interest rate of 
the Bonds will consist of a reference rate plus an interest rate premium 
or discount as further described below.  
Bonds covered by the rules on extension of maturity (section 6 of the 
Mortgage Credit Loans and Mortgage Credit Bonds, etc. Act) Nordea 
Kredit may determine that the maturity of a specific Bond will be 
extended  by 12 months. Such extension will be published in a company 
announcement and on the website of Nordea Kredit. 
In case of negative coupon rate, Nordea Kredit has a claim against the 
Bondholder. The claim is due for payment on the payment date for the 
relevant payment period and the will be collected by the drawings either 
by 1) the “instalment model” or 2) the “liquidity model”: 
 
1. The Bondholder's payment to Nordea Kredit will be charged in 
the form of an extra drawing (interest-rate drawing). The amount 
of the extra drawing is calculated on the basis of par (100) or 
market price (set by Nordea Kredit) and is settled to the 
Bondholder without proceeds. As a rule such extra drawing does 
not affect the ordinary/extraordinary drawings (instalments etc.) - 
however, Nordea Kredit reserves the right to collect the payment 
due via ordinary/extraordinary drawing or in combination. 
 
2. The Bondholder's payment to will be charged in the form of a 
reduced drawing proceeds, corresponding to the nominal value of 
the interest payment. If the drawing is not sufficient to cover 
Nordea Kredit’s claim, an extra drawing (interest-rate drawing) 
will be made. The extra drawing is calculated on the basis of par 
(100) or the market price (set by Nordea Kredit) and is settled to 
the Bondholder without proceeds. 
 
The collection method follows the technical solution applied by 
Euronext Securities who has announced that the instalment model

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 of 53 
will cease (expected Spring 2024) after which only the liquidity 
model will apply. 
 
b) Nordea Kredit’s payment of interest and principal to the Bondholders is 
effected by way of transfer to the accounts etc specified towards 
Euronext Securities 
 
Payment of interest and Bonds drawn for redemption takes place with 
settlement on the first business day of a given month after the end of a 
payment period 
 
Nordea Kredit calculates the amount to be drawn for redemption for 
each interest payment date. Amortisation is effected by redemption of 
the Bonds at par or at another agreed redemption price at the drawing of 
Bonds. For fixed rate Bonds with negative coupons and Bonds with 
variable rates  the negative interest amount may be charged via the 
redemption of Bonds. The redemption price at the drawing of Bonds 
will be stated in the Final Terms. Amortisations are distributed between 
the Bondholders according to a mathematical principle in such a manner 
that all Bondholders have the same percentage of their holdings 
amortised. 
c) The start date for calculation of interest (the opening date) will be stated 
in the Final Terms. 
d) The due dates for payment of interest on the Bonds will be stated in the 
Final Terms. 
e) Claims for payment of interest are time-barred three years after the due 
date of payment, and claims for payment of principal are time-barred 
ten years after the due date of payment, see the Danish Limitation Act. 
Interest due does not earn interest from the due date. Amounts not 
claimed before the expiry of the period of limitation go to Nordea 
Kredit. 
 
If the rate is not fixed:  
a) If the coupon rate of the Bonds is variable, the nominal interest rate of 
the Bonds  will consist of a reference rate plus an interest rate premium 
or discount as further described below 
Interest and/or other amounts payable on variable rate Bonds may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates or indices. Any such 
reference rate or index may constitute a Euronext benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such reference rate or index does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.  
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab does not intend to

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 of 53 
update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
b) The relevant reference rate, the definition of fixing dates and the interest 
rate premium or discount for each specific Bond/ISIN are stated in the 
Final Terms. 
c) The coupon rate is fixed at the reference rate on the fixing dates 
multiplied by a multiplication factor (where applicable) added an 
interest rate discount or premium. The method used for a particular 
ISIN code will be stated in the final terms see chapter 8 
d) Historical information about the reference rate can be found at 
www.dfbf.dk . 
e) For Bonds covered by section 6 of the Mortgage Credit Loans and 
Mortgage Credit Bonds, etc. Act the following applies: 
The interest rate cannot be fixed at a rate more than 5 percentage points 
above the most recently fixed interest rate of the Bond. The interest rate 
must remain unchanged for 12 months or up to the next refinancing 
unless a lower interest rate is fixed within the said 12 months or before 
the next refinancing. 
f) Nordea Kredit is entitled to set another similar reference rate if the 
current reference rate: 
- is no longer set, either temporarily or permanently, or; 
- is temporarily unsuitable as a reference rate as a result of significant 
changes or other similar circumstances.  
 
In the above situations Nordea Kredit is entitled:  
- to replace the current reference rate with a predetermined reference 
rate (if Nordea Kredit has decided in advance on a similar reference rate 
as an alternative), or;  
- where such a predetermined reference rate is not available or suitable, 
to replace the current reference rate with a non-predetermined reference 
rate (which in the opinion of Nordea Kredit is a similar reference rate), 
or;  
- where there are no such reference rates (neither predetermined nor 
non-predetermined), to replace the current reference rate with a rate set 
by Nordea Kredit based on the market conditions prevailing at the time.  
 
g) All calculations of this variable rate will be performed by Nordea Kredit 
in collaboration with the Bank 
 
h) No derivative components are embedded in the issued bonds. 
4.9 a) The maturity dates of the Bonds are set out in the Final Terms. 
According to the Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc. Act, 
section 6 Nordea Kredit is obliged to extend the maturity of the Bonds by 12 
months under certain specific circumstances. 
Extension of maturity in the absence of buyers at refinancing:  
If buyers cannot be found for the volume of new Bonds necessary for the 
refinancing, the scheduled maturity of the Bonds in question may be extended 
by 12 months at a time until buyers can be found for the required volume of 
Bonds to be refinanced.

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 of 53 
Extension of maturity in the event of a rise in interest rates:  
Nordea Kredit may - in connection with a refinancing - decide to extend the 
maturity of the Bonds, if Nordea Kredit does not have realistic expectations 
that the new refinancing Bonds can be sold at an auction at a yield to maturity 
lower than five percentage points higher than the yield to maturity of a similar 
Bond with the same term to maturity issued 11 to 14 months earlier. 
Nordea Kredit may for refinancing of loans whose underlying Bonds have 
maturities of more than 12 months prior to a possible maturity extension seek 
to refinance the loans using Bonds with shorter maturities. 
The requirement concerning a realistic expectation does not apply if Nordea 
Kredit carries out a sale of a smaller volume of Bonds for the purpose to 
determine whether the yield to maturity will be five percentage points higher 
than the yield to maturity on a similar Bond with the same term to maturity 
issued 11 to 14 months earlier.  
A decision to extend the maturity may be made up until one business day prior 
to the scheduled expiry date of the Bonds and will be announced in a company 
announcement.  
4.9 b) Repayment and redemption  
The repayment and method of redemption of the Bonds are specified in the 
Final Terms.  
The Bonds may be repaid as: a bullet loan, an annuity with an optional interest-
only period, an annuity, a serial loan or a hybrid (a combination of repayment 
methods).  
The Bonds are issued in series either as callable or non-callable Bonds. The 
Final Terms will state whether the Bonds are callable or non-callable.  
For mortgage loans financed by callable Bonds, the borrowers have the right to 
prepay at par or at another agreed redemption price at all interest payment 
dates, whereas prepayment of mortgage loans financed by non-callable Bonds 
can be effected by purchase of the relevant Bonds at market price or in the year 
of maturity at par.   
Where borrowers make full or partial prepayment of the underlying mortgage 
loans by delivery of SDROs or ROs issued on the basis of the underlying 
mortgage loans, Nordea Kredit is entitled to amortise the Bonds through 
cancellation of the Bonds.  
The drawing determines the nominal amount of the issued Bonds to be 
redeemed. The drawing amounts are published in a company announcement 
and published at NASDAQ Copenhagen. In case of redemption of loans at 
market price, Nordea Kredit will buy back and hereafter cancel Bonds 
corresponding to the part of the amortisation of the Bonds that exceeds the 
ordinary amortisation calculated at any time by Nordea Kredit.  
Nordea Kredit is entitled to redemption of loans using Bonds other than those 
issued and funding the loan without simultaneous drawings or cancellations of 
Bonds corresponding to those issued and funding the loan.  
In such case, Nordea Kredit reserves the right to uphold drawing in the Bonds 
in accordance with the projected ordinary and extraordinary amortisation of the

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 of 53 
issued Bond or according to drawings received from the bonds accepted to 
replace the bonds funding the loan.  
For non-callable Bonds, the underlying loans are usually redeemed at market 
price. Redemption amounts exceeding the ordinary amortisation calculated at 
any time by Nordea Kredit is not included in the amortisation that takes place 
via drawings.  
At the maturity of the Bond, the underlying loans may be terminated at par. 
Prepayments at par will be included in the prepayment. 
4.10 
a) The yield depends on the purchase price, the maturity date and the cash 
flows of the Bonds, which may change after the opening of an ISIN 
code.  
b) The yield on Bonds can be determined by discounting the cash flows of 
the individual Bond or ISIN code to the settlement date using a rate of 
interest which ensures that the value of the cash flows discounted is 
equal to the amount invested. This discount rate constitutes the yield. 
All cash flows are discounted using this rate of interest to the settlement 
date.  
Cash flows of the Bonds are affected by tap issuance under the ISIN codes and 
by the prepayment and re-mortgaging activity of the borrowers.  
 
Neither future new issuance nor prepayments can be calculated accurately. 
Instead these must be calculated by approximation 
4.11 There is no bondholder representation 
4.12 Authority to open new ISIN codes has been delegated to the Executive 
Management of Nordea Kredit by the Board of Directors 
4.13 The date of opening and the opening period for the Bonds are stated in the 
Final Terms see chapter 8. 
4.14 There are no restrictions on the transferability of the Bonds. The bonds are 
negotiable debt securities and are admitted to trading on a regulated market.  
4.15 Investors are warned that the tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and 
of the issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the income 
received from the securities.  
Investors are accordingly incited to seek separate and individual advice on tax 
issues related to the investment in the bonds. 
Denmark  
The following is a summary description of the taxation of the Bonds in 
Denmark according to Danish legislation applicable as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus. Any changes in law and/or practice may be made with retroactive 
effect. The following description does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to 
acquire, hold or sell the Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
professional securities dealers) may be subject to special rules. Prospective 
investors are under all circumstances recommended to contact their own tax 
advisers to clarify the individual consequences of their purchase, holding and 
sale of the Bonds. The Issuer makes no representations or warranties to the 
Bondholders regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of 
the Bonds.

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 of 53 
Withholding tax  
Under existing Danish tax legislation, no general withholding tax will apply to 
payments of interest or principal or other amounts due on the Bonds other than, 
in certain cases, to payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the 
Issuer as referred to in the Danish Corporation Tax Act. This will not have any 
impact on Bondholders who are not in a relationship where they control, or are 
controlled by, the Issuer. In the event that statutory withholding tax to Denmark 
is introduced, the payments will be made after deduction of this and Nordea 
Kredit will not be obliged to compensate investors for any losses incurred as a 
result. 
Persons resident for tax purposes in Denmark  
Natural or legal persons, including persons who are engaged in financial trade 
and other enterprises resident for tax purposes in Denmark or receiving interest 
on the Bonds through their permanent establishment in Denmark, are liable to 
pay tax on such interest. Capital gains are taxable to natural persons and 
corporate entities in accordance with the Danish act on taxation of gains and 
losses on claims, debt and financial contracts (the “Danish gains on securities 
and foreign currency act”). Gains and losses on Bonds held by corporate 
entities are generally included in their taxable income in accordance with the 
mark-to-market principle that is, on an unrealised basis. Gains and losses on 
Bonds held by natural persons are generally included in their taxable income on 
a realised basis, and if the annual gains or losses do not exceed DKK 2,000, the 
gains or losses will be exempt from taxation. Pension funds and other entities 
subject to the Danish Pension Returns Tax Act will, irrespective of realisation, 
be taxed on the basis of the annual increase or decrease in the value of the 
Bonds according to the mark-to-market principle as laid down in the act.  
Tax on negative interest 
Interest income in the form of negative interest is taxable for the debtor 
pursuant to the Danish central government tax act, whereas interest expenses in 
the form of negative interest is tax deductible for the creditor. A debtor’s 
interest income in the form of negative interest as well as a creditor’s interest 
expenses in the form of negative interest is included in the capital income of 
private individuals. Persons applying the Danish business taxation scheme must 
include interest from their business activities in their personal income. This 
also applies to negative interest from their business activities. 
For the purpose of tax base determination, a creditor’s accrued interest 
expenses in the form of negative interest are tax deductible. Correspondingly, 
interest income in the form of negative interest received by a debtor is included 
as return on capital in the tax base.  
Persons not resident for tax purposes in Denmark  
Under existing Danish tax legislation, payments of interest and principal to 
natural or legal persons who are not resident for tax purposes in Denmark are 
not subject to taxation in Denmark other than, in certain cases, payments in 
respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under 
“Withholding tax” above. No Danish withholding tax will be payable with 
respect to such payments, and no capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange 
or cancellation of the Bonds will be subject to taxation in Denmark other than,

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 of 53 
in certain cases, payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer 
as referred to under “Withholding tax” above. This tax treatment applies solely 
to Bondholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and who do not carry on business in 
Denmark through a permanent establishment.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
An agreement between the government of the United States of America and the 
government of the Kingdom of Denmark to improve international tax 
compliance and to implement the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(“FATCA”) was entered into on 15 November 2012 (the Danish executive 
order on agreement of 15 November 2012 between the government of the 
United States of America and the government of the Kingdom of Denmark to 
improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA). 
FATCA requires investors with relevant US interests to deliver extended 
identification information. Rules may also be introduced in Denmark involving 
a duty to withhold tax on interest and principal in accounts held by investors 
with such US interests or if investors fail to submit extended identification 
information. 
Investors should therefore note that if rules involving an obligation to withhold 
tax are implemented in Denmark, payments will be made after such a 
deduction. In accordance with this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms neither 
Nordea Kredit nor any other person is in that case obliged to compensate 
investors for any such tax amount withheld or for any losses incurred as a 
result.  
Prospective Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers on how these 
rules may apply to themselves and to payments they may receive in connection 
with investment in the Bonds 
4.16 The item is not relevant as Nordea Kredit is both the issuer and provider of the 
issued mortgage credit bonds and covered mortgage credit bonds. 
5 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER OF SECURITIES TO THE 
PUBLIC 
5.1. Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action required to apply for 
the offer. 
5.1.1 During the opening period of the Bonds, the Bonds may be sold in the market 
through tap issues, refinancing auctions or OTC selling. Further conditions for 
the issuance of the Bonds will be stated in the Final Terms of the Bonds. There 
is no right of cancellation when purchasing the Bonds. 
5.1.2 The final issuance requirement for the Bonds is not known until the closing of 
an ISIN code as this depends on borrower demand for loans financed by the 
relevant ISIN code. The outstanding volume is reported on a current basis on 
www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. For auctions the terms and the volume offered are 
announced before the auction. 
Investors can purchase the Bonds by application for example to banks or 
stockbrokers. There are no requirements for special forms to be used. It is 
solely necessary to agree on a custody account in which the Bonds can be held 
and an income account into which proceeds from the Bonds drawn for 
redemption and interest can be paid. 
The opening period of the offer will be stated in the Final Terms

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 of 53 
5.1.3 Subscriptions cannot be reduced and excess amounts cannot be repaid. 
5.1.4 For Bonds denominated in DKK the minimum purchase is DKK 0.01. For 
Bonds denominated in EUR the minimum purchase is EUR 0.01. The 
denomination will be stated in the Final Terms 
5.1.5 Bonds usually trade subject to a settlement period of two business days, but this 
rule may be derogated from provided that both parties to the transaction are in 
agreement. Delivery and clearing are effected via Euronext Securities 
5.1.6 Transactions in mortgage credit bonds and covered mortgage credit bonds 
admitted to trading on a regulated market are published in accordance with 
rules laid down pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets Act, and the current 
rules applicable to the relevant market. With respect to Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S these are the rules for issuers of bonds laid down by Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S 
During the opening period the outstanding volume can be increased through tap 
issues, auctions, pre-issues or block issues. In this period loans may also be 
prepaid and principal payments are made on an ongoing basis on the mortgage 
loans granted, except on bullet loans or interest-only loans. Accordingly, the 
outstanding volume may increase or decrease during the opening period of the 
individual Bonds. When the opening period ends, issuance in an ISIN code 
ceases and the outstanding volume can no longer increase 
For Bonds admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, Nordea Kredit 
publishes information on an ongoing basis at the Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 
website www.nasdaqomxnordic.com in accordance with rules for issuers of 
mortgage credit bonds and covered mortgage credit bonds for Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S: 
- 
cash flows (quarterly); 
- 
borrower pool composition (monthly); 
- 
prepayments (weekly) 
- 
bonds drawn for redemption (quarterly) 
5.1.7 There are no special rights of pre-emption attached to the Bonds 
No investors have any preferential right to purchase the Bonds 
5.2 Plan of distribution and allotment 
5.2.1 No investors have any preferential right to purchase the Bonds 
5.2.2 Auctions are held using Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’s systems and/or 
Bloomberg’s systems. 
Auctions are organised in collaboration with the Bank, which also acts as a 
securities dealer. For auctions over  Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S systems, 
members will be notified of their allotment immediately after the auction. 
Investors trading via the Bank will be informed by telephone 
5.3 Pricing 
5.3.1 The Bonds are offered at market prices, and the price will consequently 
fluctuate over the term to maturity of the Bonds. Prices of Bonds listed on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S are available on www.nasdaqomxnordic.com 
Apart from transaction costs (brokerage fee etc) applicable, which are added to 
the market price, no other expenses are charged to investors when buying 
Bonds. Moreover, custody fees may be charged to buyers of the Bonds 
5.4 Placing and Underwriting 
5.4.1 The Bonds are issued by Nordea Kredit. Issues are made on behalf of Nordea 
Kredit by the Bank, Grønjordsvej 10, 2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, via 
Euronext Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 of 53 
5.4.2 Nordea Kredit has not entered into any agreements with paying or depositary 
agents 
5.4.3 No entities have made a commitment to underwriting the issue and no 
agreements have been made on the placing of the issue. 
5.4.4 Please refer to 5.4.3 above 
6 - ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
6.1 Nordea Kredit may apply for admission of the Bonds to trading and listing on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Nordea Kredit may decide to issue Bonds in other 
countries and to apply for admission to trading and official listing on regulated 
markets other than Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Further, Nordea Kredit may 
decide to register the Bonds with other central securities depositories. This will 
be stated in a supplementary prospectus. 
6.2 Nordea Kredit is not aware that Danish mortgage credit or covered mortgage 
credit bonds are registered or admitted to trading at other markets than Nasdaq 
Copenhagen  
6.3 Nordea Kredit has not entered into agreements with entities who have made 
a commitment to act as market makers and liquidity providers in the secondary 
market. 
6.4 During the opening period of the Bonds, the Bonds may be sold in the market 
through tap issues, refinancing auctions or OTC selling.  
7 - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
7.1 Nordea Kredit has not used advisers in the preparation of this Base Prospectus. 
 
7.2 Nordea Kredit’s auditors have exclusively audited the annual reports referred 
to, however, the Base Prospectus itself has not been audited by the auditors. 
7.3 On the date of this Base Prospectus, Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus 
have been assigned an AAA rating by Standard & Poor’s Europe.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 of 53 
7 CONSENT 
- for numbering, refer to Annex 22 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
1 - INFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED REGARDING CONSENT BY THE 
ISSUER OR PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR DRAWING UP THE PROSPECTUS 
1.1 Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab declares to agree to the use of the 
Base Prospectus and assumes responsibility for the contents of the Base 
Prospectus, including the resale or final placement of Bonds through 
financial intermediaries, which Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab has given 
consent with respect to the use of the Base Prospectus. 
1.2 A consent, if any, given by Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab with respect 
to the use of the Base Prospectus, applies for a maximum of 12 months from 
the date of the Base Prospectus approval, however, subject to the Base 
Prospectus being revoked, cancelled or replaced beforehand. 
1.3 See item 1.2 above. 
1.4 A consent, if any, given by Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab with respect 
to the use of the Base Prospectus is valid in Denmark.. 
1.5 No other conditions apply to the consent. 
1.6 Should a financial intermediary uses this Base Prospectus to make an offer 
of Bonds, the financial intermediary informs investors of the terms and 
conditions of the offer at the time of the offering. 
2A  
2A.1 At the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus, Nordea Bank Abp has been 
given consent to act as a financial intermediary in the Bonds. 
2A.2 Information about financial intermediaries unknown at the date of approval of 
the Base Prospectus will be published in a supplementary prospectus.  
Supplementary prospectuses are available at the investor information pages at 
Nordea Kredit´s website, please consult either the Company announcements or 
the Legal documents tab to the left on the page. Please confer the below link: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-kredit-
realkreditaktieselskab?fReports=467 
2B  
2B.1 Any financial intermediaries using the Base Prospectus are obliged to 
declare on their website that they are using the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto.

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 of 53 
8 TEMPLATE FINAL TERMS 
These final terms (the “Final Terms”) apply to bonds issued by Nordea Kredit under Nordea 
Kredit’s base prospectus dated 21 December 2023 and any prospectus supplements to this 
base prospectus (collectively the “Base Prospectus”) in ISIN codes opened after the date of 
the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms solely relate to the ISIN codes set out in the tables 
below (the “Bonds”). 
Nordea Kredit hereby declares that: 
• The Final Terms have been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
• The Base Prospectus has been published electronically on Nordea Kredit’s website 
www.nordeakredit.dk, on the Danish FSA’s website www.finanstilsynet.dk as well as on 
the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S www.nasdaqomxnordic.com.  
• For the full information investors must read the Base Prospectus as well as the Final 
Terms. 
• The summary for this specific issue is attached as an appendix to these Final Terms.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
THE TARGET MARKET OF THE BONDS IS RETAIL CLIENTS, PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds solely 
consists of eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
"Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market 
assessment; However, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness test under MiFID 
II, if relevant. 
Bonds subject to provisions 
on regulation of refinancing 
risk: 
 
The Bonds may be subject to the provisions on regulation of 
refinancing risk. If that is the case, this will be indicated in 
Table 2 below. More detailed terms may furthermore be 
specified in a note to the table. 
Information about where the 
past performance of the 
money market rate 
underlying the reference rate 
can be found: 
Information on the historical development of money market 
rates is available at the webpage of the Danish Financial 
Benchmark Facility www.dfbf.dk. 
Bonds subject to provisions 
set by Nordea Green Bond 
Framework 
In Table 2 these Bonds will be marked with a “G” in the Bond 
type column.

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 of 53 
Yield: 
The method for calculation of the yield is described in Chapter 
6 item 4.10 of the Base Prospectus. 
Negative interest:  
If the interest rate of a Bond can become negative, this is set out 
in Table 2 below.  
 
Accrued interest:  
Investors pay accrued interest for the period from the latest 
interest payment date until the date of acquisition, see, 
however, item 4.8 in chapter 6 for conditions in case of 
negative interest rates. 
Market-making agreements: 
Nordea Kredit has not entered into any agreement with any 
entity concerning market making in the Bonds. 
 
Information about prices 
and outstanding volume of 
Bonds: 
Prices and the outstanding volume of Bonds will be announced 
on a current basis on the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S: 
www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. 
Conflicts of interest: 
Nordea Kredit is not aware of any conflicts of interest that are 
material to Nordea Kredit in connection with the offer of the 
Bonds. 
 
[The Bonds have variable rates and are callable.] [The Bonds have fixed rates and are 
callable.] [The Bonds have  variable rates and are non-callable.] [The Bonds have fixed rates 
and are non-callable.]  
 
Tables:

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 of 53 
 
Fixed Rate Callable Mortgage Credit Bonds issued in capital centre 1 (RO) and Fixed Rate Callable Covered Mortgage Credit Bonds issued in 
capital centre 2 (SDRO).  
 
Table 1 
Currency 
DKK 
Payment periods 
4 
Number of annual payment dates 
1/1 - 31/3, 1/4 - 30/6, 1/7 - 30/9, 1/10 - 31/12 
Amortisation profile of underlying loans 
Annuity 
Day count convention 
Actual/actual 
Payment days 
Danish banking days 
Redemption price when bonds 
are drawn for redemption 
100 (At par) 
Rating 
AAA 
Denomination 
0.01 DKK  
Settlement (value date)  
Normally 2 business days 
Place of listing 
NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen  
Place of registration 
VP SECURITIES A/S 
Capital Centre 
RO = CC1, SDRO = CC2 
 
Table 2 
Fixed rate callable bonds 
Bond 
type  
ISIN code 
Coupon 
rate 
Opening 
date/Date 
from 
which 
interest 
becomes 
payable 
Day of 
listing 
Closing 
date  
Maturity 
date 
With 
interest-
only option

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 of 53 
Fixed Rate Non-Callable Mortgage Bonds issued in capital centre 1 (RO) and Fixed Rate Non-Callable Covered Mortgage Bonds issued in 
capital centre 2 (SDRO). 
Table 1 
Number of annual 
payment dates 
1 
Day count convention 
Actual/actual (fixed fraction) 
Payment days 
Danish bank business days 
Denomination 
0.01 
Amortisation profile of 
 underlying loans 
Annuity 
Redemption price when bonds are drawn for redemption  
100 (At par) 
Rating 
AAA 
Settlement (value date) 
Normally 2 business days 
Place of listing 
Nasdaq OMX Copenhagen A/S 
Place of registration 
VP Securities A/S 
Capital Centre 
CC2 
 
Table 2 
Fixed rate non-callable 
Bond 
type 
ISIN code 
Coupon 
rate 
Currency 
Opening date/ 
Date when 
interest becomes 
payable 
Day of 
listing 
Maturity 
date 
Payment 
periods 
Auction 
Trigger* 
Interest 
rate 
trigger* 
With 
interest-
only 
option

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 of 53 
Variable Rate Mortgage Credit Bonds issued in capital centre 1 (RO) and Variable Rate Covered Mortgage Credit Bonds issued in capital centre 
2 (SDRO).  
 
Table 1 
Number of annual payment dates 
4 
Payment periods 
1/1 - 31/3, 1/4 - 30/6, 1/7 - 30/9, 1/10 - 31/12 
Day count convention 
Actual/actual (fixed fraction) 
Actual/actual (fixed share) 
Payment days 
Danish bank business days 
Denomination 
0.01 
Amortisation profile of underlying loans 
Annuity 
Rating 
AAA 
Settlement date 
(value date) 
Normally 2 business days 
Place of listing 
Nasdaq OMX Copenhagen A/S 
Place of registration 
VP Securities A/S 
Day count convention 
Danish banking days 
Capital Centre 
RO = CC1 , SDRO = CC2 
 
Table 2 
Floating rate 
Bond 
type 
ISIN code 
Currency 
Opening date 
/Date from 
which interest 
becomes 
payable 
Day of 
listing 
Closing 
date 
Maturity  
date 
Callability 
Auction 
Trigger* 
Interest 
rate  
trigger* 
With 
interest-
only 
 option 
Redemption 
price when 
bonds 
are drawn for 
redemption

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 of 53 
Table 3 
Floating rate 
ISIN code 
Interest 
rate reset 
frequency 
Fixing period 
Reference 
rate 
Initial 
interest 
rate 
Fixing 
method 
Interest rate 
premium/discount 
Interest 
rate 
cap 
Interest 
rate 
floor