--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
  
 
 
 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS NOK 250 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS (the "Issuer") has established a NOK 250 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
(the "Programme"). Any Covered Bonds (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date 
of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This 
does not affect any Covered Bonds already in issue. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds (No: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) (the "Covered 
Bonds") in Norwegian kroner ("NOK"). The maximum amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding will not exceed NOK 250 000 000 000.  
The Dealer specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"), will distribute and market the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme provides that issuances of Covered Bonds are listed on Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market ("Oslo Børs"), as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue 
Covered Bonds which are not listed.  
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price of, and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to, each issuance of Covered Bonds will 
be set forth in final terms (the "Final Terms"). The Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may comprise of 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates (an "Open Bond Issue").  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have a denominations of at least the equivalent to € 100,000 
in NOK.  
 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 September 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA (No: Finanstilsynet), which is 
Norway's competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme within 12 months after the date hereof. 
The Issuer may also apply for the Programme to be registered on Oslo Børs and for Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on Oslo Børs. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that 
they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are listed will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-eiendomskreditt-as). Such Final Terms may 
also be available on the website of Oslo Børs (https://live.euronext.com/).  
The Issuer may decide by itself and/or agree with any Dealer that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds", as amended, herein, in which case a 
supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the decision 
or agreement reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
each tranche of Covered Bonds and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have separately verified the information contained herein.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
No other than these measures have been taken or will be taken by the Issuer or the Arranger which would 
permit a public offering of the Covered Bonds or distribution of this document in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or 
sold in any other country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus or other offering material may not 
be distributed to or published in any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) ("MiFID II") or Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on 
Securities Trading (as amended, the "Norwegian Securities Trading Act") is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail Investors", 
the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) any Member State of the 
European Union, or (ii) another state in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the U.K. which 
has implemented Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and such implementation is 
in force and effect. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to such 
retail investors in the EEA or in the U.K. has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the U.K. may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under floating rate Covered Bonds 
may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such 
investor's own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential 
investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
 
GREEN COVERED BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds whether directly 
or indirectly, for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purports to promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Assets") and any such Tranche of Covered Bonds 
being referred to as the “Green Covered Bonds” and the amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of 
those Green Covered Bonds being referred to as the “Green Covered Bonds Proceeds”.  
 
Prospective investors in any Green Covered Bonds should have regard to the information in the relevant Final 
Terms regarding such use of Green Covered Bonds Proceeds, seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Green Covered Bonds before deciding to 
invest and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Green Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In relation to any Green Covered Bonds, Nordea's Green Bond Framework (applicable to the Issuer) (the 
“Green Bond Framework”) and the second party opinion provided by ISS ESG (or such other second party 
opinion provider as may be engaged by the Issuer from time to time) are available at 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date on which it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that underlie such opinion 
or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective investors in any Green Covered Bonds must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The dealers, in any issuance of Green Covered Bonds have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Green Assets or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of Green Covered Bonds 
Proceeds. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the "EU" are to the European Union and references to "Member State" 
are to a Member State of the EEA. References to "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds set forth herein. References to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended, references to "SEK" are to 
Swedish Krona, references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner. References to "Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" 
refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to Nordea Bank AB 
(publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation. References to “Nordea Bank 
Norway” refer to Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge. References to the "Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to 
the group of companies for which Nordea is the parent company, except where it is clear from the context that 
the term refers to any particular subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries.  
 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary legislation 
made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of the Issuer, as well as 
assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the management of the Issuer, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s future results of operations, financial 
condition, cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of Nordea's management or the management of 
the Issuer for future operations can generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", 
"estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", 
"continues" or similar expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors 
that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea or the Issuer, or industry results, 
to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors  
include, among others: 
● 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial markets; 
● 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Issuer or 
the Nordea Group operates; 
● 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Issuer or the Nordea Group operates; 
● 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates; 
● 
changes in the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio; 
● 
changes of the Issuer's credit ratings; and 
● 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to 
be incorrect, the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s actual financial condition or results of operations could differ 
materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges 
investors to read the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Nordea Eiendomskreditt" 
for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s future 
performance and the industry in which the Nordea Group or the Issuer operates.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
  
Contents 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS NOK 250 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme................................. 1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 3 
GREEN COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................................... 5 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... 5 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS .......................... 21 
DECLARATION FROM PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .......................................................................... 27 
THE ARRANGER'S DISCLAIMER ........................................................................................................ 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................ 29 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 42 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 55 
ADMITTANCE TO TRADING, SETTLEMENT AND ISSUANCES ................................................... 56 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 58 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 60 
SUMMARY OF NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND 
INFORMATION RELATED THERETO ................................................................................................. 70 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS ...................................................................................................... 76 
THE HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET IN NORWAY ....................................................................... 81 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 83 
RATINGS ................................................................................................................................................... 85 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 87 
    REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER ............................................................ 88

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. The risks described below could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects of the Issuer or 
the value of the Covered Bonds. Unless otherwise specified, the risk factors that apply in the context of Issuer's 
parent company Nordea Bank and the Nordea Group are also applicable to the Issuer.  
Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Issuer's management is not currently aware 
or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that could cause investors to lose all or 
part of their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or 
in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are exhaustive. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms  
The maturity profile in the Issuer's lending business is to a large extent longer term than the maturity profile 
within the Issuer's funding operations. The Issuer is therefore to a large extent dependent on being able to 
refinance matured obligations within the funding operations by obtaining new funding in the bond market. The 
Issuer could also fund itself through revenues from its credit portfolio and finally through financing from 
Nordea Bank Norway.  
Negative economic developments and geopolitical tensions may have an adverse effect on the global financial 
markets. In particular, the war in Ukraine as a result of the Russian invasion has resulted in considerable 
geopolitical uncertainty. This instability and uncertainty, as well as financial sanctions being imposed on 
Russia, has (amongst other things) caused increased volatility in financial markets and may cause the market 
to be more difficult to access at times. The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of 2020 
also disrupted various markets, including the global financial markets, and resulted in severe uncertainty about 
the global economy. Because the pandemic is still ongoing, this situation could arise again, or a similar 
situation could arise due to the same or a different type of pandemic in the future.  
If the financial markets develop negatively, there may be a material negative impact on the Issuer's ability to 
obtain funding and liquidity on financially reasonable conditions, which again may lead to difficulties for the 
Issuer in refinancing its borrowings on commercially satisfactory terms and/or adversely affect the liquidity 
position of the Issuer. This may ultimately have a material negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial 
position and profitability and adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to make timely payments on the Covered 
Bonds. 
The adverse economic development of the underlying economic conditions has affected and may continue to 
affect the Issuer's and the Nordea Group’s business in a number of ways, including, among others, the income, 
wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Issuer's and Nordea Group’s customers, which, in 
turn, could further reduce the Issuer's credit quality and demand for the Issuer's financial products and services.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Business of the Issuer  
The Issuer's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings 
There can be no assurances that the Issuer will be able to maintain its current ratings or that the Issuer will 
retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current long-term ratings of the issuer may 
increase funding costs, limit access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in 
derivative contracts and other secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could 
adversely affect the Issuer's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Default on mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds 
As a mortgage credit institution, the Issuer's business risk principally pertains to credit risk. Credit risk means 
that a customer cannot fulfil its payment obligations or that the value of granted security is lower than the 
outstanding debt. Given that a substantial part of the Issuer's lending is granted in exchange for security in real 
estate or on a certificate showing that the lessee owns a share in a housing cooperative that owns the housing 
structure of which the unit forms part (No: borettslagsandel) referred to as participation parts, the credit risk 
is also dependent on fluctuations in value in the real estate and housing markets. The business of the Issuer 
shows relatively low credit risks and the historic credit losses of the Issuer have been low. The low credit risk 
is due to the fact that the lending predominantly consists of mortgage backed housing financing with priority 
in the real estate or the participation parts (No: borettlagsandel). The size of historic credit losses though is 
not an indicator of the size of future credit losses and there is a risk that future credit losses will be higher, for 
instance as a result of the long-term economic consequences of the coronavirus or geopolitical factors, which 
may adversely affect the Norwegian economy.  
The growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to significant growth 
in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability of some 
residential mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage borrowers have floating 
interest rate mortgages, and are consequently exposed to the risk of interest rate increases. The majority of the 
residential mortgages included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are subject to floating interest rates. Even a moderate 
rise in interest rates may lead to a significantly higher interest burden, and a material reduction of disposable 
income, for residential mortgage borrowers who have taken on high levels of debt. 
If the relevant interest rates rises and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to 
meet their payment obligations on their mortgages. Additionally, prices of electricity and fuel have risen 
sharply over the past year and food prices are also expected to rise significantly due to the increase in global 
commodity prices and production costs. In addition, geopolitical factors, such as the war in Ukraine, may have 
a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy. Each of the above scenarios, may also lead borrowers to 
be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans. 
If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to claim 
the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order may be needed to 
establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. If, in the context of an 
enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court decision or the real estate market in 
Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of 
the mortgage loan. Further, should the prices of real property and the housing market in Norway substantially 
decline, the value of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage loans might be adversely affected. Any failure to 
recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans could adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuer 
and jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds, which are backed by 
payments from the mortgage loans included in the Cover Pool. 
Reliance on derivative arrangements 
Nordea Bank Norway and/or Nordea Bank will be a swap counterparty under currency swaps and basis swaps 
entered into by the Issuer on an arms-length basis. It may be difficult to enter into similar replacement swaps 
at similar pricing in the event that such derivative contracts terminate. An inability to replace a swap 
counterparty under a currency or basis swap following a default or termination by the swap counterparty may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
Competition 
The Issuer faces fierce competition within its business area, primarily from other Norwegian and Nordic 
covered bond issuers and banks. Even though the Issuer currently considers itself to be in a fairly strong 
position to face the competition, there can be no assurances that the Issuer and the Nordea Group can maintain 
its competitive position. Competition in the Norwegian mortgage market is affected by several factors, 
including changes in customer behaviour and demand, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry or 
new mortgage loan providers entering the market, as well as regulatory developments. A reduction of the 
Issuer’s competitive strength could make it difficult for the Issuer to maintain its market share thereby affecting 
earnings, or potentially affect earnings should Nordea Bank Norway and/or the Issuer need to reduce interest 
rates in order to maintain its market share. Any changes that adversely affect the Issuer’s competitiveness in 
the Norwegian mortgage market may therefore have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s results of operations, 
financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer is dependent on Nordea Bank to run its operations  
The Issuer's business is integrated with Nordea Bank’s business operations and branch network throughout 
Norway. According to intra-group agreements between the Issuer and Nordea Bank the Issuer has appointed 
Nordea Bank to operate most of its business operations, including among other things, the management of 
mortgages and its funding. If Nordea Bank ceased to provide these services or in any other way fail in its 
obligations towards the Issuer, there could be a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial position and 
profitability as well as a consequential inability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations towards the investors in 
the Covered Bonds.  
Mortgages in the Cover Pool are either originated by Nordea Bank Norway or directly from the Issuer’s own 
balance sheet. The mortgages originated by Nordea Bank Norway that meet the Eligibility Criteria set out in a 
master sale agreement entered into between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Norway (the "Master Sale 
Agreement") have been or may be transferred to the Issuer. The transferred mortgages may then be registered 
as assets in the Cover Pool. Nordea Bank Norway notifies the borrowers of the transfer to the Issuer and will 
continue servicing the mortgages pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into between Nordea Bank Norway 
and the Issuer. The borrower will keep the same account numbers and payment arrangements with Nordea 
Bank Norway.  
The Issuer has not undertaken, nor will it undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of 
the original underwriting and loan-level documentation of the mortgage loans and other assets originated by 
Nordea Bank Norway contained or to be contained in the Issuer's Cover Pool, but instead fully relies on the 
warranties of Nordea Bank Norway under the Master Sale Agreement and previous agreements in relation to 
the transfer of such loans. If any mortgages originated by Nordea Bank Norway do not comply with the 
Eligibility Criteria set out in the Master Sale Agreement, then the market value of these loans may be 
diminished and the Issuer may have remedies against Nordea Bank Norway under the Master Sale Agreement. 
For mortgages originated directly from the Issuer’s balance sheet, where the loan origination process is 
outsourced to Nordea Bank Norway according to a servicing agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Nordea Bank Norway, the Issuer will undertake quality controls of the loan portfolio. Mortgages that no longer 
comply with the criteria set out in the servicing agreement, will be transferred to Nordea Bank Norway in order 
to maintain a loan portfolio consisting only of loans that are or will be eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool 
once the loan to value (“LTV”) is within the regulatory limits.  
Risks relating to demand for residential property in Norway  
The demand for residential mortgage loans in Norway is dependent on market interest rates, residential 
property prices, employment trends, the state of the economy, taxation and other factors that have an influence 
on the customers' financing requirements. As a result, the Issuer's results of operations are significantly 
influenced by the general economic condition in the Norwegian mortgage market. As substantially all of the 
Issuer's mortgage loans currently relate to properties located in Norway, the Issuer's performance is influenced 
by the level and the cyclical nature of business activity in Norway. This is in turn affected by both domestic 
and international economic and political events. A decrease in the demand for residential property in Norway 
and, therefore, residential mortgages may lead to a reduction of the size of the Issuer’s mortgage portfolio. If 
significant, such a reduction may adversely affect the Issuer's future results and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds, as well as the value of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
A. 
Risks Relating to the Cover Pool 
Changes to the lending criteria of Nordea Bank Norway 
Each of the mortgage loans originated by Nordea Bank Norway or directly from the Issuer’s own balance sheet 
will have been originated in accordance with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Nordea Bank 
Norway's and the Issuer’s lending criteria has generally considered the type of property, term of loan, age of 
applicant, the LTV, insurance policies, status and income of applicants and credit history and is expected to 
continue to do so. Nordea Bank Norway and the Issuer retain the right to revise its lending criteria from time 
to time but would only do so to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in the Norwegian market and having consideration of the Norwegian FSA’s 
guidelines. If the lending criteria of Nordea Bank Norway and the Issuer is amended in a manner that adversely 
affects the creditworthiness of the mortgage loans granted, this may lead to increased defaults by borrowers 
and may affect the liquidation value of the Cover Pool, or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments on the Covered Bonds.  
 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool consists mainly of mortgage loans which are secured on residential property and holiday 
houses located in Norway and also claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Covered 
Bond swaps. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply with the terms of the Financial Undertakings Act and 
the Financial Undertakings Regulations. In particular, the Financial Undertakings Regulations determine 
maximum LTV ratios of mortgages included in the Cover Pool (currently the maximum debt is 80 per cent. of 
the prudent market value in the case of residential mortgages, for further detail see "Summary of Norwegian 
Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Information Related thereto"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of mortgages secured on property located in Norway. Therefore, the value 
of the Issuer's Cover Pool may decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in Norway, 
which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
 
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower 
may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults 
under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the 
case of investment properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climates, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors relating to borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may 
affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that 
mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the 
value of that property and property values in general at the time. The mortgage loans may from time to time 
be concentrated in certain regions. Such concentration may present a risk if the default rate in such region 
increases e.g. due to the factors listed above. 
 
Limited description of the assets in the Cover Pool 
Save for any Cover Pool data the Issuer makes available on its website, Covered Bond Holders will not receive 
information in relation to the mortgage loans and other assets included in the Cover Pool. It is expected that 
the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase of further 
mortgage loans by the Issuer from time to time. The Issuer has appointed a cover pool monitor (No: overvåker 
av sikkerhetsmassen) (the "Cover Pool Monitor") to monitor the Issuer's compliance with, amongst other, the 
overcollateralisation requirement and the register requirement of the Covered Bond Legislation on a quarterly 
basis, but the report of the Cover Pool Monitor is not publicly available. The limited information available to 
investors in respect of the Cover Pool may adversely impact the market value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
No precedents 
The Covered Bond Legislation has recently been reformed by the implementation of the EU Covered Bond 
Reforms (as defined below) into Norwegian law on 8 July 2022 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there are no precedents as to how the provisions will be interpreted by Norwegian courts or other judicial 
authorities. For instance, the application of the transitional provisions in the Covered Bonds Legislation may 
give rise to some legal uncertainty (e.g., with respect to the interpretation of the conditions and which 
requirements covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 are exempted from).  Moreover, the Norwegian FSA 
may publish guidance on the newly implemented Covered Bond Legislation affecting the interpretation of the 
Covered Bond Legislation. Therefore, there is a certain legislative uncertainty with respect to how the 
interpretation of the Covered Bonds Legislation may affect the Covered Bonds, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
Appraisals  
Under Nordea Bank Norway's lending criteria, in the case of a loan to finance (rather than refinance) the 
acquisition of a property, the appraisal or valuation for mortgage lending purposes of the property securing the 
mortgage loan is determined by the transaction sale price, provided that the transaction sale price is supported 
by either an independent appraisal conducted by a licensed appraiser, a licensed real estate agent and 
documented accordingly as an electronic appraisal (No.: e-takst), an independent appraisal by one of Nordea 
Bank Norway’s valuation experts or a valuation from Eiendomsverdi, an automated valuation model provider 
which compiles information on nearly all residential property transactions in Norway. Such an automated 
valuation model does not consider the current state or physical condition of a property, which may in actuality, 
be worse than the condition assumed by such model. For the ongoing valuation of the collateral underlying the 
mortgage loans in the Cover Pool, which takes place quarterly for evaluating whether the value of the Cover 
Pool shall be adjusted, for investor information and rating agency reporting purposes, updated market values 
from Eiendomsverdi are used combined with an automated valuation model based on the Statistics Norway's 
House Price Index.  
 
In the case of those mortgage loans for which an appraisal was conducted by a licensed appraiser or a licensed 
real estate agent was used, such appraisal reflects the individual appraiser or estate agent's judgment as to value, 
based on the market values of comparable homes sold within the recent past in comparable nearby locations 
and on the estimated replacement cost.  
 
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the mortgage loans have remained or will 
remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal (or, where applicable, on the dates of appraisal 
updates) of the related mortgage loans.  
 
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; however, a significant portion of the appraised value 
of a property may be attributable to the value of the land rather than to the residence.  
 
Because of the unique locations (for example, properties in scarcely populated areas) and special features of 
certain properties, identifying comparable properties in nearby locations may be difficult. The appraised values 
of such properties will be based to a greater extent on adjustments made by the appraisers to the appraised 
values of reasonably similar properties rather than on objectively verifiable sales data. As a result, such 
appraisals could be more likely to overvalue certain properties and therefore overstate the value of the collateral 
underlying the Cover Pool. If the market value of the properties underlying the mortgage loans is less than the 
appraised value of these properties, this may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds, in circumstances where the Issuer is required to obtain payment from borrowers by a 
foreclosure sale of the properties underlying the relevant mortgage loans. 
 
Audit of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer conducts no audit of the Cover Pool. Furthermore, none of Nordea Bank Norway, Nordea Bank, 
the Arranger or any Dealer has conducted any audit of the Cover Pool. However, the Issuer has appointed the 
Cover Pool Monitor to monitor the Issuer's compliance with the overcollateralisation requirement and the 
register requirement of the Covered Bond Legislation on a quarterly basis, but the report of the Cover Pool 
Monitor is not publicly available.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Covered Bonds  
Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to Covered Bond 
Holders not receiving the full amount due on the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, including the subsequent implementation of BRRD therein, a 
mortgage credit institution, such as the Issuer, may not be subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings or debt 
settlement proceedings. Instead, a mortgage credit institution experiencing financial difficulties may be subject 
to public administration and subsequently winding up pursuant to rules in Chapter 20 Sub-Chapter VI of the 
Financial Undertakings Act, if the conditions for resolution are otherwise fulfilled (i.e. that (i) the mortgage 
credit institution is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures, early intervention measures or conversion or write down of capital would prevent the failure 
of the mortgage credit institution within a reasonable timeframe) but the Norwegian Ministry of Finance does 
not consider a resolution of the mortgage credit institution to be necessary in the public interest.  
 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Covered Bonds so 
long as the Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Financial 
Undertakings Act and the Financial Undertakings Regulations. Public administration of the Issuer will not in 
itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy by the Covered Bond Holders. The public 
administration board may take any action considered necessary to ensure that the Covered Bond Holders 
receive agreed and timely payment on the Covered Bonds, including selling assets in the Cover Pool and 
issuing new Covered Bonds and entering into new derivative instruments with a right of priority in respect of 
recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the Covered Bond Holders. 
 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Covered Bond Holders, the public administration board 
shall set a date to halt payments. The amount of claims with a right of priority to the assets included in the 
Cover Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments takes effect. 
 
To the extent that Covered Bond Holders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets 
in the Cover Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation 
of any other assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the 
Issuer). The Covered Bond Holders would in such case rank pari passu with any other Covered Bond Holder, 
any providers other derivative instruments entered into by the Issuer and included in the Cover Pool and the 
other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all 
unsecured, unsubordinated claims in full, Covered Bond Holders could be unable to collect the full balance of 
their claims against the Issuer. Additionally, the exercise of any power of the crisis resolution authority or any 
suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bond Holders, the price or 
value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the possible consequences 
of the power of the crisis resolution authority under the Financial Undertakings Act in relation to the Issuer 
and the Covered Bonds. 
 
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only and may be subject to bail-in. 
The Covered Bonds will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of or guaranteed by any 
other entity. In particular, the Covered Bonds will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, Nordea 
Bank (the Arranger and Dealer) or Nordea Bank Norway. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Covered Bonds shall be accepted by any of Nordea Bank (the 
Arranger and Dealer) or Nordea Bank Norway.  
 
Notwithstanding the protection granted Covered Bond Holders under BRRD Article 44, any claim against the 
Issuer not covered by the Cover Pool after liquidation may subject to bail-in pursuant to the bail-in regime 
under BRRD, as implemented into Norwegian law through the Financial Undertakings Act Chapter 20.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
The Covered Bonds may have no established trading market. 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, Covered Bond Holders may not be able to sell their Covered 
Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered 
Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer has not registered, and will not register, the Covered Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
or any other securities laws, and the Covered Bond are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other 
transfer thereof as set forth under section headed “Subscription and Sale”. As a result of these restrictions, the 
Issuer cannot be certain of the existence of a secondary market for the Covered Bonds or the liquidity of such 
a market if one develops. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid, which in turn may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds. Consequently, a Covered Bonds Holder must be able 
to bear the economic risk of their investment in the Covered Bonds for the terms of the Covered Bonds. 
 
The Covered Bonds may be issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bond Holders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A holder's ability 
to receive payment under the Covered Bonds is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment 
obligations, which in turn is dependent upon the development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of its operations. 
No Events of Default. 
The Conditions do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer. Accordingly, default by the Issuer 
on its obligations (for example, failure to pay interest or principal on the Covered Bonds when due) would not 
entitle Covered Bond Holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds, and Covered Bond Holders will therefore only 
be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
 
The rights and obligations of Covered Bond Holders may be amended at Bondholder's Meeting. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling Bondholder's Meeting (as defined in the Conditions) consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit certain defined majorities to make decisions 
that modify the Conditions applicable to a Tranche of Covered Bonds and may affect the rights and obligations 
of Covered Bond Holders under the Covered Bonds, and that bind all Covered Bond Holders including 
Covered Bond Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Covered Bond Holders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Covered Bond Holders can be bound by the result of a 
vote they voted against or that they did not participate in. At the meeting of Holders, the Holders also have 
authority to elect and give instructions to a representative to act on their behalf.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds may in certain circumstances be made subject to withholding or deduction 
of tax  
Norway levies withholding tax at a 15% rate on interest payments made to related parties1 of the debtor who 
are resident in low tax jurisdictions2. All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer to unrelated parties will therefore be made without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes. There are no specific certification or documentation requirements for recipients of interest.  
To the extent that the issuer must withhold tax on interest payments to Covered Bond Holders, the Issuer has 
no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify Covered Bonds Holders for any such 
withholding or deduction. 
Covered Bond Holders may be exposed to exchange rate risks 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in NOK. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than NOK. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of NOK or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to NOK would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
C. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks relating to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
Regulatory changes may have an adverse impact on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, 
all of which are subject to continuous development and updates. Any significant regulatory development or 
increased supervision could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s performance and financial condition.  
 
Under EEA law, credit mortgage institutions (such as the Issuer) fall within the definition of a credit institution 
as set out in the CRD and the CRR, which were fully transposed into Norwegian law on 31 December 2019. 
Under the Financial Undertakings Act, a credit mortgage institution shall, under Pillar 1, hold own funds 
equaling at least 8 per cent. of its risk-weighted assets (RWA). At least 4.5 per cent. of the own funds 
requirement must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and at least 1.5 per cent. must be met 
with Additional Tier 1 capital. The remaining 2 per cent. may be met with Tier 2 capital. In addition to the 
minimum requirement of 4.5 per cent. of CET1 capital, the Financial Undertakings Act imposes various capital 
buffer requirements, which must also be met with CET1 capital. On 1 July 2021, the Ministry of Finance 
decided that the Issuer should be identified as a systemically important institution (“O-SII”). As of 30 June 
2022, the Issuer is subject to a 1 per cent. O-SII buffer requirement. In addition, the Issuer’s capital buffer 
requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., (ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent., (iii) 
a counter-cyclical buffer of 1.5 per cent. (2.0 per cent. from 31 December 2022 and 2.5 per cent. from 31 
March 2023).  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer meets the regulatory capital requirements to which it is subject.  
Failure to comply with any of the above-mentioned capital requirements applicable to it or other regulatory 
requirements, may have adverse consequences for the business and operations of the Issuer. Regulatory 
changes imposing stricter capital requirements could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its 
business and may adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof may also affect the 
Covered Bonds in general and the rights of Covered Bonds Holders. Such changes in law may impact statutory, 
 
1 Two parties are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or indirect ownership or control of at least 50 
per cent.  between them at any time during the income year. 
2 A jurisdiction in which the ordinary income tax on the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the tax 
that would have been levied on such company had it been resident in Norway.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Covered Bonds, which may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Other Regulatory developments which may have an impact on the treatment of Covered Bonds 
In Europe and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through increased 
regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has resulted in 
a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and which may have 
an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives 
for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) has approved 
significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly 
referred to as Basel III (“Basel III”). Basel III provided for a substantial strengthening of at that time existing 
prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened 
requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial 
institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and 
the Net Stable Funding Ratio). BCBS member countries agreed to implement Basel III from 1 January 2013 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to the Basel III framework (such 
changes being commonly referred to as Basel IV), and the BCBS members originally agreed to implement 
Basel IV from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements up 
to January 2027. In response to the coronavirus, BCBS decided to postpone the implementation by one year 
to 1 January 2023. On 27 October 2021, the proposed to implement Basel IV with effect of 1 January 2025 
with transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year period. As implementation of Basel IV 
requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as 
well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or not), may be subject to some level of 
national variation.  
 
Implementation of the Basel framework and any changes as described above may have an impact on the capital 
requirements in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or on incentives to hold the Covered Bonds for investors 
that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity 
and/or value of the Covered Bonds.  
 
On 27 November 2019, the European Parliament adopted a harmonised EU covered bond framework. The 
framework includes a new directive for covered bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2150 implementing certain amendments to article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (together, the 
“EU Covered Bond Reforms”).  
 
Following the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Reforms into Norwegian law on 8 July 2022, European 
Covered Bond Premium (No.: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)) issued by Norwegian issuers comply 
with the CRR and therefore qualify for a 10 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European jurisdictions. 
However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described above will 
impact the treatment of the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of 
the requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where 
applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment 
in the Covered Bonds. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise, and the implementation of the regulatory developments described above may have an adverse effect 
on the Covered Bonds and their value.  
 
D. 
Risks relating to the form and mechanics of a specific issue of Covered Bonds 
The value of the Covered Bonds are subject to Interest Rate Risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. While the nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds is fixed for the duration of such Covered Bonds, the market interest rate on the capital markets typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bonds also 
changes. Consequently, if the market interest rate rises, the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds declines 
accordingly.  
Investment in Floating Rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of NIBOR fluctuations, which result in 
uncertain interest income as fluctuating reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. Furthermore, where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds do not provide 
for a Minimum Rate of Interest above zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest payments during 
one or more Interest Periods if NIBOR decreases below a certain level. 
The Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds may be deferred upon receipt of a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms for any 
issue of Covered Bonds, and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval from the 
Norwegian FSA, then the Issuer's obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable issue of 
Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date shall be automatically deferred until the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Issuer may redeem all or any of part of the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The Norwegian FSA may grant a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval if (i) either (A) there is, in the opinion 
of the Norwegian FSA, both reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future 
and no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing or (B) the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance has resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings and 
(ii) there is, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, a reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in respect 
of the relevant Covered Bonds will be met within 12 months. A Statutory Maturity Extension Approval may 
only be granted if such maturity extension does not affect the ranking of the Covered Bond Holders or invert 
the sequencing of the Programme’s original maturity schedule. 
Any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the Conditions shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
Covered Bond Holders any right to receive payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered 
Bonds other than as expressly set out in the Conditions.  
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future which may 
adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Covered Bonds based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing international, national and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently from the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 ("Benchmarks Regulation") is transposed into Norwegian law through the 
Reference Value Act. Both the Benchmarks Regulation and the Reference Value Act (collectively, the 
“Benchmark Legislation”) apply to the provision of NIBOR, which is the reference rate of the Covered 
Bonds.  Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (“NoRe”) as the administrator of NIBOR must ensure that the 
provision of NIBOR is conducted in accordance with the Benchmark Legislation. Thus, amendments to the 
Benchmarks Legislation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds, in particular, if the calculation 
methodology or other terms of NIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Legislation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.  
NIBOR is defined as critical benchmarks under the Benchmark Regulation through Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2021/1122 (“CIR”) and is therefore subject to an enhanced regulatory regime under the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Benchmark Regulation. Although NIBOR is classified as a critical benchmark under the Benchmark 
Regulation, there is a risk that NIBOR may cease to be published. The potential elimination of benchmarks, 
such as NIBOR, due to the establishment of alternative reference rates, such as NOWA, or changes in the 
manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked 
securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant 
benchmark was available in its current form. 
In 2019, a working group on alternative reference rates in NOK established by the Central Bank of Norway 
recommended a modified Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average rate (“NOWA”) as the alternative 
reference rate to NIBOR. Subsequently, the working group has published a consultation paper on fallback 
provisions and term and spread adjustments between NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR 
and guidelines on the use of NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. As of 29 April 2021, the 
Central Bank of Norway has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages 
to further support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products.  
 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds) has 
occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions). If the Issuer is unable 
to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds shall apply. The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with the payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained 
available in its current form.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, Norwegian or 
other international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
 
Risks relating to Green Covered Bonds 
 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Covered Bonds may specify that such Covered 
Bonds are “Green Covered Bonds”, in which case it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the Green Covered 
Bonds Proceeds specifically for Green Assets that purport to promote climate-friendly and other environmental 
purposes (as further detailed in “Use of Proceeds” below). Nordea has published a framework relating to 
investments in Green Assets and the issuance of Green Covered Bonds (applicable to the Issuer), which is 
available at https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Green Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and shall not form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that the use of such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds 
for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or any other person that the Green Assets will meet 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or any similar labels (including under Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU 
Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852. or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds and in 
particular whether any Green Assets fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria.  
If any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Assets. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading or display may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of any 
such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply Green Covered Bonds Proceeds for Green Assets in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that (i) the relevant 
Green Asset and the use of such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds will be, or will be capable of being, 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly any such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds will be wholly or partially used for such Green Assets 
or (ii) such Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any (i) event or failure to apply Green Covered Bonds Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) failure to provide or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment or to 
obtain any third party opinion, certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such opinion, certification or 
label), (iii) third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant 
criteria (in whole or in part), (iii) withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or certification (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuer), (iv) amendment of any criteria on which any such opinion or certification was 
given, (v) Green Assets ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Green Covered Bonds, 
(vi) mismatch between the maturity of a Green Asset and the minimum duration of any Green Covered Bonds, 
or (vi) Green Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange 
or securities market will not (a) constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect to any of the 
Green Covered Bonds, (b) give rise to any claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to 
accelerate the Green Covered Bonds) of a holder of such Green Covered Bonds against the Issuer or other 
person, or (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Covered Bond. Any of the above-
mentioned events may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds and also 
potentially the value of any other Green Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or the relevant Final Terms. Each 
decision to invest in any Covered Bonds should be based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS  
 
 
The Issuer is a licensed mortgage credit institution. The Issuer is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea Bank") which operates through a 
branch in Norway known as Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge ("Nordea Bank 
Norway"). The Issuer is a private limited liability company incorporated and 
domiciled in Norway. The Issuer's registered office is at Essendropsgate 7, 
0368 Oslo, Norway. 
 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank  
 
Dealer:  
Nordea Bank and any other dealer(s) appointed by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular issuance of Covered 
Bonds. 
 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Norway 
 
Programme size: 
Up to NOK 250 000 000 000 outstanding at any one time. 
 
Base prospectus:  
This base prospectus.  
 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme. 
 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis.  
 
Currency: 
Norwegian Kroner ("NOK") 
 
Status of Covered 
Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with 
Act No. 17 of 10 of April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial 
Conglomerates (the "Financial Undertakings Act") Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter 
II and Regulations of 9 December 2016 nr. 1502 on Financial Undertakings 
Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter I (together the "Covered Bond Legislation") and rank 
pari passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that 
have been provided the same priority as debt instruments issued pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Legislation. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered 
Bonds and relating derivative contracts are not met out of the assets of the Issuer 
that are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation, the residual 
claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject to a minimum maturity of 30 days subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
Issue Price: 
 
The covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The price and amount of the 
Covered Bonds to be issued will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
 
 
Issuances: 
The Issuer will from time to time issue Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds of 
each issuance will be subject to the terms as set out in the Final Terms. The 
Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may also be issued as an open bond issue 
with a fixed aggregate nominal amount comprising of one or more tranches 
(each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond Issue"). The 
terms and conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical 
(except for price) and there will not be established specific Final Terms for the 
following Tranche(s).  
 
Form: 
Covered Bonds will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a Registrar Agreement 
with Nordea Bank Norway as Registrar and will be registered in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book-entry form with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
("Euronext VPS"). 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds  
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a fixed rate ("Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds"). Fixed Rate Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but 
excluding the date of final maturity thereof at the rate or rates per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on such 
dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the date of final 
maturity thereof.  
Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a floating rate ("Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds"). Floating Rate Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but 
excluding the date of final maturity thereof at a rate determined on the basis of 
the NIBOR reference rate. Interest will be payable on each date (an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms after the date of issue or, as the case may be, after the 
preceding interest payment date.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate the scheduled maturity date of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Maturity Date"). The Covered Bonds shall be redeemed 
at their principal amount or at such other redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call") and/or at the option of the 
Covered Bond Holders ("Investor Put").  
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
If Statutory Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and the Issuer has received approval from the Norwegian FSA to extend the 
maturity of such Covered Bonds by 12 months as a result of (i) either (A) there 
being, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, both reason to assume that the 
Issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future and there not being 
reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing 
or (ii) the Norwegian Ministry of Finance having resolved to place the Issuer 
under resolution or public administration proceedings, and (B) there, in the 
opinion of the Norwegian FSA, being reasonable prospects that the Issuer’s 
obligations will be met within 12 months (a “Statutory Maturity Extension

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
Approval”) and the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds on the 
Maturity Date, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and payable will be automatically extended to the 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any of part 
of the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. A Statutory Maturity Extension Approval may only be granted if 
such maturity extension does not affect the ranking of the Covered Bond 
Holders or invert the sequencing of the Programmes original maturity schedule.  
In the event of such an extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds, interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Denominations: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to (i) a minimum denomination of the equivalent 
to €100,000 in NOK for each Covered Bond admitted to trading on Oslo Børs; 
and (ii) compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.  
 
Taxation: 
Norway levies withholding tax at a 15 per cent. rate on interest payments made 
from a Norwegian debtor to related parties 3  who are resident in low tax 
jurisdictions4. All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer to unrelated parties will therefore be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes. To the extent that the issuer 
must withhold tax on interest payments to Covered Bond Holders, the Issuer has 
no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify Covered Bonds 
Holders for any such withholding or deduction.  
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
assigned a rating from Moody's Investor Service Limited ("Moody's") or S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Issuances of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where an issuance of Covered Bonds is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described 
above or any rating assigned to the Issuer or to Covered Bonds already issued. 
Where an issuance of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, along with the details of the credit rating 
agency issuing such rating. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any such 
ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the 
relevant rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
Covered Bonds and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Listing: 
Application may be made to list issuances of Covered Bonds on Oslo Børs. 
Unlisted Covered Bonds may also be issued. 
 
 
3 Two parties are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or indirect ownership or control of at least 50 
per cent. between them at any time during the income year. 
4 A jurisdiction in which the ordinary income tax on the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the tax 
that would have been levied on such company had it been resident in Norway.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
Terms and 
conditions: 
The terms and conditions (the "Conditions") applicable to each issuance of 
Covered Bonds will be the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
set out in this Base Prospectus as supplemented, modified or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms. However, the Issuer may decide for itself or agree with 
any Dealer(s) that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Conditions in which case a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the decision or agreement 
reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
 
Events of Default 
and Cross Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision or any other 
events of default entitling Covered Bond Holders to demand immediate 
redemption.  
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge provision.  
 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered 
Bonds and on the distribution of offering material including in the United States 
of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Denmark, 
Estonia, Finland, France, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, The 
Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense.  
 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in any 
other country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base 
Prospectus or other offering material may not be distributed to or published in 
any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
 
Settlement System: 
Euronext VPS 
 
 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Covered Bonds: 
The terms and conditions applicable to each issuance of Covered Bonds will be 
as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of 
issuance of such Covered Bonds, and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to each issuance of Covered Bonds 
will therefore be the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds set 
out in this Base Prospectus, as supplemented, modified or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to each issuance.  
 
 
 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. These are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors." Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and all of the 
information in this Base Prospectus before deciding to buy Covered Bonds.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is 
another or a particular identified use of proceeds this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
 
 
Dealers:  
The Dealer specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. 
 
 
Norwegian FSA: 
Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority.  
 
 
Prospectus 
Regulation: 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 
 
 
Securities Trading 
Act:  
Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on Securities Trading. 
 
 
 
Final Terms:  
As further described in "Form of final terms". 
 
 
Tranche:  
A specific issuance may comprise of one or more tranches. 
 
 
Open Bond Issue: 
An issuance may be issued on different issue dates. 
 
 
Nordea Bank Norway Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Group: 
Nordea Bank and its subsidiaries.  
 
 
BRRD:  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
 
 
CSD Act: 
 
 
CSDR 
Act No. 6 of 15 March 2019 on Central Securities Depositories (No: 
verdipapirsentralloven) 
 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on 
central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012. 
 
 
 
 
LTV: 
Loan to value. 
 
 
IRB: 
The Nordea Group is approved by the financial supervisory authorities to use 
the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach when calculating the capital 
requirements for the main part of its credit portfolio. 
 
 
Mortgage Act: 
Act No. 2 of 8 February 1980 on Mortgages. 
 
 
Covered Bonds: 
Covered bonds (No: "obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett"). 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This base prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
Re-domiciliation: 
The re-domiciliation of the parent company in the Nordea Group from Sweden 
to Finland. 
 
 
 
 
 
ECB: 
The European Central Bank. 
 
 
CRD: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms. 
 
 
CRR: 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms. 
 
 
CRD IV: 
CRD and CRR together. 
 
 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Norway, Issuer Services, performing registrar services in 
Euronext VPS on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
DECLARATION FROM PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
 
The Issuer with address Essendrops gate 7, N-0368 Oslo, Norway accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
Oslo, 27 September 2022 
 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Marianne Glatved 
Chief Financial Officer

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
THE ARRANGER'S DISCLAIMER 
 
Nordea Bank has, as Arranger, assisted the Issuer in preparing the Base Prospectus. Nordea Bank has not 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Nordea Bank as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements 
or any further information supplied in connection with the Covered Bonds. Nordea Bank accept no liability in 
relation to the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or their 
distribution or with regard to any other information supplied in connection with the Covered Bonds. The 
statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS 
in its capacity as Issuer under the Programme. Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on Nordea Bank or on any person affiliated with it in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 27 September 2022 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the 
"Conditions"). The Final Terms for each issuance of Covered Bonds supplement these Conditions and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Conditions, replace the following Conditions for the purposes of such Covered Bonds.  
 
The Covered Bonds are issued in accordance with the registrar agreement dated January 2010 (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "Registrar Agreement") made between the Issuer and Nordea 
Bank Norway, Issuer Services (the "Registrar"). Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be created and held in 
uncertificated and book entry form in accounts with Euronext VPS. 
 
As described in the chapter "Admittance to trading, clearing and issuances" below, the Covered Bonds of a 
specific issuance may be issued as an open bond issue with a fixed aggregate nominal amount comprising of 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond Issue"). The terms and 
conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical (except for price) and there will not be 
established specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are listed will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-eiendomskreditt-as) and/or on the website of 
any Dealer other than Nordea Group companies. Such Final Terms may also be available on the website of 
Oslo Børs (https://live.euronext.com/).  
1. 
Form, Denomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Covered Bonds are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with 
Act No. 6 of 15 March Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act") and any regulations passed 
under the CSD Act, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. 
On the issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the 
Registrar. On delivery of the applicable Final Terms by the Registrar to Euronext VPS and notification 
to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the 
Registrar acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS with 
a nominal amount of Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in Euronext VPS will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interest in the 
relevant Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the CSD Act, any regulations passed under 
the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from 
time to time (collectively, the “CSD Rules”).  
The Covered Bonds are either Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds, depending 
on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(b) 
Denomination  
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to (i) a minimum denomination of the equivalent to €100,000 in NOK for each Covered Bond 
admitted to trading on Oslo Børs; and (ii) compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Covered Bonds of one denomination may not be exchanged for Covered 
Bonds of any other denomination.  
(c) 
Currency of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are only denominated in Norwegian kroner ("NOK").

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title  
The holder of a Covered Bond (“Covered Bond Holder”) will be the person evidenced as such by a 
book entry in the record of Euronext VPS (the "VPS Register"). Title to the Covered Bonds shall pass 
by registration in the VPS Register between the direct and the indirect accountholders at Euronext VPS 
in accordance with the CSD Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from Euronext 
VPS in accordance with the CSD Rules.  
The person in whose name a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds for the time being are 
registered in the VPS Register shall be treated as the holder of such nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
for all purposes.  
(b) 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
One or more Covered Bonds may only be transferred in accordance with the CSD Rules.  
3. 
Status 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with Norwegian Act No. 17 
of 10 April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial Conglomerates, Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter II and 
the Regulations of 9 December 2016 nr. 1502 on Financial Undertakings Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter I 
(together the "Covered Bond Legislation") and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as 
covered bonds issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation. To the extent that claims in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and relating derivative contracts are not met out of the assets of the Issuer 
that are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation, the residual claims will rank pari 
passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
 
4. 
Interest 
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount at the rates per annum 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.  
(a) 
Interest – Fixed Rate  
Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Covered Bonds") shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but excluding the date of final 
maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate or rates per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on such dates as are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and on the date of final maturity thereof.  
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period, means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and multiplying such figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. Interest may also be 
calculated on such other basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest – Floating Rate  
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including their date 
of issue to, but excluding the date of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) at a rate determined on the basis of the NIBOR reference rate. Interest will be payable on each 
date (an "Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms after such date of issue or, as the case may be, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date.  
If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4 (f)), it shall be postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event it shall be brought forward to the preceding Business Day 
("Modified Following Business Day Convention") unless another Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If such date of issue or any succeeding Interest Payment Date 
falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day of the relevant month. 
Each period beginning on (and including) such date of issue and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest Period". 
The Final Terms in relation to issuance of Covered Bonds shall specify which page (the "Relevant 
Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information vending service shall be applicable. For 
these purposes, "Reuters Screen" means the Reuter Money 3000 Service (or such other service as may 
be nominated as the information vendor for the purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession 
thereto). 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the following manner:  
(i) 
the rate per annum equal to the offered quotation for deposits in NOK ascertained by Nordea 
Bank (the "Determination Agent") to be the rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at or 
about 12.00 noon (Oslo time) two Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (the "Interest Determination Date") or such other page(s) replacing said page for this 
purpose; or 
(ii) 
if no such rate so appears, the Determination Agent will request appropriate quotations and 
will determine the rate based on the rate for deposits in NOK offered by the four largest 
Norwegian foreign exchange banks at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest 
Determination Date for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. If two 
or more rates are so quoted, the rate shall be determined to the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations. If fewer than two rates are so quoted, the rate shall be determined to the arithmetic 
mean of the rate for deposits in NOK offered by banks selected by the Determination Agent 
at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date to major banks in 
Europe for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time,  
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during each Interest Period will be the sum 
of the relevant margin (the "Relevant Margin") specified in the relevant Final Terms and the rate (or, 
as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) so determined provided that, if the Determination Agent is 
unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean) in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, 
the arithmetic mean) last determined in relation to such Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation 
to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of 
the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Interest Period. The 
amount of interest should be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the relevant Day Count Fraction and multiplying such 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments in the event of an extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds  
If a Statutory Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
issuance of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended to the Statutory 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5 b), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after 
the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date. In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date.  
If a Statutory Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
issuance of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended to the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5 (b) the rate of interest payable from time to 
time in respect of the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment 
Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, 
determined by the Determination Agent two business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first 
such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
This Condition 4 (c) shall only apply to the Covered Bonds to which a Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds 
(in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those 
Covered Bonds is extended to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5 
(b).  
(d) 
Benchmark Cessation 
If the Issuer determines that either (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred or (ii) considers (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that there is a Successor Rate, in respect of NIBOR, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page") and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) for purposes 
of determining future payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. If the Issuer cannot determine 
a Successor Rate in circumstances where a Benchmark Event has not occurred, NIBOR will 
continue to be used for the purposes of determining future payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Issuer acting in good faith considers 
has replaced NIBOR in customary market usage or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as 
the Issuer acting in good faith agree considers to be the most comparable alternative to NIBOR, 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark/reference rate 
and the relevant screen page or price course in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future 
payments and determinations, hereunder the determination of the Rate of Interest, in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4 (d) if a further 
Benchmark Event occurs); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Amount(s) or other payment(s) in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also specify changes to the Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or other 
terms applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to 
the Covered Bonds for all future payments and determinations in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d));  
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any), give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Covered Bonds 
Holders. 
(vii) 
if the Issuer is unable to select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the 
avoidance of doubt this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in the first paragraph of this Condition 4 (d); 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connections with a Benchmark Event. 
(e) 
Interest—Supplemental Provisions 
In case of an Open Bond Issue, the investors in a subsequent Tranche will receive interest on the Interest 
Payment Dates following the issue date of the Tranche they have invested in. The investors will on 
these Interest Payment Dates receive the same amount of interest as the investors in the first Tranche 
of the Open Bond Issue. If a subsequent Trance of an Open Bond Issue is issued on a different day than 
an Interest Payment Date, the investors will have to pay accrued interest in addition to the Issue Price. 
Accrued interest is calculated based on Actual/365 Day Count Fraction in the case of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds and Actual/360 Day Count Fraction in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. The Determination Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Registrar, the Covered Bond Holders, Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds) and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
Euronext VPS as soon as possible after their determination. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to Oslo Børs (in case 
of listed Covered Bonds) and to the Covered Bond Holders. The determination by the Determination 
Agent of all rates of interest and amounts of interest for the purposes of this Condition 4 shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, including where the Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Covered Bonds will cease to bear interest from the date for its redemption, unless upon due presentation 
or surrender thereof (if required), payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or default is 
otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, acting in 
good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate as a result of the replacement of NIBOR with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which (i) is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of NIBOR by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) failing 
which, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets or derivatives 
markets for transactions which reference NIBOR, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate; or (iii) if no such recommendation or 
option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer determines, acting in good 
faith, to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Covered Bond Holders as a result of the replacement of NIBOR with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
 
"Benchmark Event" means 
  
(A) 
NIBOR has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of NIBOR that it will cease publishing 
NIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of NIBOR); or 
 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that 
NIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that means 
that NIBOR will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that, in the 
view of such supervisor NIBOR is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
(F) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer or any agent or third party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bonds Holder using 
NIBOR (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable). 
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general 
business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day 
on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open;  
 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 or Actual/Actual" is specified in the Final Terms,  
(1) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
- 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
- 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Covered Bonds (as specified 
in the Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms; 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(iv) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(vi) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, hereunder 
NIBOR, (as applicable): (i) Norges Bank (the central bank of Norway), or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or, committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) Norges Bank (the central bank 
of Norway), (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; or (iii) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association; 
 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of NIBOR (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of NIBOR) 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Covered Bonds shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms)

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
on the date or dates (or, in the case of Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, 
on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date  
If a Statutory Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the Issuer has 
both obtained approval from the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (the “Norwegian FSA”) 
to extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds (a “Statutory Maturity Extension Approval”) and failed 
to redeem all of those Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date, then the maturity of the Covered Bonds 
and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and payable for the purposes of these Conditions 
will be automatically extended to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any of part of the principal 
amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall give to the Covered Bond Holders and the Registrar notice 
of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds in full 
at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or, as applicable, the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, 
the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights to any such persons. 
Any such extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds shall be irrevocable. Any failure to redeem 
the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this condition shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
Covered Bond Holders any right to receive payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions.  
In the event of the extension of the maturity Covered Bonds under this Condition (b), interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4 (c).  
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding on a specific issuance of 
Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds of that specific issuance and 
the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds of that specific issuance shall be reduced by 
the level of that redemption.  
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (b), subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms, for so long 
as any of those Covered Bonds remain in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, 
unless the proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in 
redeeming in whole or in party the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof and 
provided that such redemption does not invert the sequencing of the Programme’s original maturity 
schedule as prescribed by the Covered Bond Legislation.  
If the Maturity Date is extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 
5 (b), the Issuer shall give not less than 15 days' notice of such extension to the Covered Bonds Holders 
or, if the Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is received less than 15 days prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Issuer shall give notice of such extension to the Covered Bonds Holder as soon as reasonably 
practicable before the Maturity Date, provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer to give such 
notice shall not in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give any Covered 
Bonds Holder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the 
relevant Covered Bond Holders other than as provided for in these Conditions. 
This Condition 5 (b) shall only apply to the Covered Bonds to which a Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds 
(in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 15 days' notice to the Covered Bond Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (any 
such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the relevant Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. In the case of partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Covered Bonds") will be selected by lot not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the Covered Bonds 
Holder giving the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (notices) not less than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in accordance with the, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bonds on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date.  
In order to exercise such option, the holders of such Covered Bonds must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS 
from time to time. Any such notice shall be irrevocable.  
(e) 
Purchase of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. 
(f) 
Cancellation of Covered Bonds 
All unmatured Covered Bonds redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 5 (a) to (d) 
will be cancelled by causing such Covered Bonds to be deleted from the VPS Register and may not be 
reissued or resold. Covered Bonds purchased according to Condition 5 (e) may at the Issuer's discretion 
be retained, sold or used for partial redemption by deleting the Covered Bonds in Euronext VPS.   
(g) 
Procedure for Payment Upon Redemption 
Any redemption of the Covered Bonds shall be in accordance with the CSD Rules. 
6. 
Taxation 
Norway levies withholding tax at a 15 per cent. rate on interest payments made from a Norwegian 
debtor to related parties5 who are resident in low tax jurisdictions6. All payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer to unrelated parties will therefore be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes. To the extent that the issuer must withhold tax on 
interest payments to Covered Bond Holders, the Issuer has no obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify Covered Bonds Holders for any such withholding or deduction.    
7. 
Payments  
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and notification thereof to its 
holders will be made to the Covered Bonds Holders (as defined in Condition 2(a)) and will be effected 
in accordance with and subject to the CSD Rules.  
 
5 Two parties are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or indirect ownership or control of at least 50 
per cent. between them at any time during the income year. 
6 A jurisdiction in which the ordinary income tax on the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the tax 
that would have been levied on such company had it been resident in Norway.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bonds is not a Business Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Covered Bonds in the case of principal will be prescribed unless 
made within ten years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, three years) after the due date for 
payment. 
9. 
Transfer and exchange  
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in Euronext VPS will 
normally by default take place two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  
 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred between account holders at Euronext VPS in accordance with 
the CSD Rules 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Covered Bonds called for partial redemption.  
 
Covered Bonds Holders will not be required to bear the cost and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. The Covered Bond Holders must bear the costs of having a Euronext VPS account 
(investor's account).  
 
10. 
The Registrar and the Determination Agent 
The Registrar and the Determination Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Covered Bonds Holder. The Issuer may at 
any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Registrar or any Determination Agent and appoint 
additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Registrar authorised 
to act as an account operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Determination Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require and for so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are outstanding, and 
(iii) such other agents as may be required by Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds). Notice of 
changes in the identities or specified offices of the Registrar and Determination Agent will be notified 
promptly to the holders of the Covered Bonds.  
11. 
Meetings of Covered Bond Holders  
(a) 
Bondholder's meeting 
There is no trustee appointed for the Covered Bond Holders. The meeting of Covered Bonds Holders 
(the "Bondholder's Meeting") represents the supreme authority of the Covered Bonds Holders in all 
matters relating to a specific issuance of Covered Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Covered 
Bonds Holders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions 
passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Covered Bonds Holders 
of the specific issuance, whether or not they are present at such meeting.    
(b) 
Procedural rules for the Bondholder's Meeting 
A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of: 
(i) 
the Issuer, 
(ii) 
Covered Bonds Holders representing at least 1/10 of the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
for the time being remaining outstanding of a specific issuance, or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Oslo Børs, if the Covered Bonds are listed. 
Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched not less than 10 – ten – Business Days prior 
to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons shall be sent to all Covered Bonds Holders registered in 
Euronext VPS at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to Oslo Børs for publication 
(in case the relevant Covered Bonds are listed). 
The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. If amendments to these Conditions 
have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons. Matters that have 
not been reported to the Covered Bond Holders may only be adopted with the approval of all the 
Covered Bond Holders present at the Bondholder's Meeting. With regard to Covered Bonds listed on 
Oslo Børs, the summons shall also contain information regarding the holder's right to participate at the 
meeting, payment of interest, the exercise of any conversion, exchange or cancellation rights and 
repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer. The Bondholders' 
Meeting shall be opened by the Issuer and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' 
Meeting (the "Chairman").  
Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Covered 
Bonds Holders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the 
result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected 
by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be filed with the Issuer and shall be available to the 
Covered Bond Holders.  
The Covered Bonds Holders, the Issuer and, if applicable, representatives of Oslo Børs, have the right 
to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, 
unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Covered Bonds Holders may attend by a 
representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute 
the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Resolution passed at the Bondholder's Meetings 
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Covered Bonds Holder may cast one vote for each outstanding 
Covered Bond owned. However, the Issuer's own Covered Bonds do not give the right to vote and are 
not taken into account when determining the number of voting Covered Bonds. For the purposes of a 
Bondholder's meeting, the person named in the certificate from Euronext VPS two Business Days prior 
to the meeting shall be treated as the holder of Covered Bonds provided that he has given an undertaking 
not to transfer the Covered Bonds so specified (prior to the close of the meeting).  
In all matters, the Issuer and any holder of Covered Bonds have the right to demand vote by ballot. In 
case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a 
holder of Covered Bonds or not.  
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the holders of the Covered Bonds of specific issuance 
must be represented at the meeting. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Covered Bonds of a specific 
issuance are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed. If the 
Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to 
vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall 
be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting. When a matter is tabled for 
discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than 
half (1/2) of the Covered Bonds of the specific issuance are represented.  
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Covered Bonds represented at the Bondholders' 
Meeting. In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Covered Bonds represented at the 
Bondholders' Meeting is required: 
(i) 
Modification of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
(ii)  
Reduction or cancellation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in relation to the Covered Bonds or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
Transfer of rights and obligations under these Conditions to another Issuer.  
The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Covered Bonds Holders 
or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Covered Bonds Holders.  
The Issuer, the Covered Bonds Holders and, if applicable, Oslo Børs shall be notified of resolutions 
passed at the Bondholders' Meeting. 
12. 
Notices 
Notices shall be given in accordance with the rules and procedures, for the time being, of Euronext 
VPS. Notices to the Covered Bonds Holders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext 
VPS for communication by it to the Covered Bonds Holders. In relation to Covered Bonds listed on 
Oslo Børs, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and procedures, for the time being, of Oslo Børs. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date two days after delivery to Euronext VPS.  
13. 
Provision of information 
The Registrar and the account operator in Euronext VPS for an investor's account is obligated, upon 
request, to provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, including the Norwegian FSA and the 
Norwegian tax authorities, with any information registered on the relevant Euronext VPS account(s). 
Such information may include the identity of the registered holder of the Covered Bonds, the residency 
of the registered holder of the Covered Bonds, the number of Covered Bonds registered with the 
relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant 
Euronext VPS account and whether or not the Covered Bonds are registered in the name of a nominee 
and the identity of any such nominee. 
14. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of any Covered Bonds of any 
issuance create and issue further Covered Bonds. In case of an Open Bond Issue, the Issuer may without 
the consent of the Covered Bond Holders issue subsequent Tranches and also increase the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Open Bond Issue. The Issuer shall send a notice of the new Aggregate Nominal 
Amount to the Registrar and Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds). The terms and conditions of 
the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue will be identical (except for price) and there will not be established 
specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
15. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
The courts of Norway shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and 
to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds herein.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issuance of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme.  
 
[Date] 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of issuance] [Open Bond Issue] 
[Title of Covered Bonds] 
Issued under the 
NOK 250 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2022 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [date] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This Document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented].] 
 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [13 June 2013/18 June 2014/23 June 2015/8 July 2016/9 October 2017/14 
February 2019/2 April 2020/31 March 2021/22 October 2021] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated 
[•]]. This document comprises the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2022 [and the base 
prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [13 June 2013/18 June 2014/23 June 2015/8 
July 2016/9 October 2017/14 February 2019/2 April 2020/31 March 2021/22 October 2021] [and the base 
prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus is available 
for viewing at, and paper copies may be obtained from, the specified office of the Issuer. In addition, the Base 
Prospectus 
and 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-eiendomskreditt-as) [and the website of any 
Dealer other than Nordea Group companies]. [The Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms will also 
be published on the website of the [Oslo Børs (https://live.euronext.com/)].]  
 
"[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") and the Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on Securities Trading (as amended, the "Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) any Member State of the European Union, 
or (ii) another state in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("U.K.") which 
has implemented Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and such implementation is 
in force and effect. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU ("(as amended), "MiFID 
II");")][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to such retail investors in the EEA or in the U.K. 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any such retail investor in the EEA or in the U.K. may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. Issuer: 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS 
2. 
Issuance Number: 
[•] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
NOK  
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
[[Open Bond Issue:  
Issuance: [•] 
First Tranche: [•]  
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]  
 
[If other Day Count Fraction than Actual/365 (Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds) or Actual/360 (Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) for payable accrued interest for 
Open Bond Issue: Any accrued interest payable in 
addition to the Issue Price will be calculated based on 
[  ] Day Count Fraction.] 
 
6. 
(i)         Specified Denomination: 
[•] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a 
minimum denomination of less than the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000 in NOK) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[•] 
 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date  
[•]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
(ii)        Interest Commencement 
Date 
[•] 
 
(a)         Period to Maturity Date  
[•] 
 
 
(b)        Period from Maturity Date 
up to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date 
 
[Not Applicable] [•]   
8. 
(i)      Maturity Date: 
[•] (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year)  
 
 
(ii)     Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is [•]]  
(The Statutory Extended Maturity Date shall be 12 
months after the Maturity Date) 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[NIBOR +/- [•] per cent. 
 
 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10. 
Redemption: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] [Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations 
issued in accordance with Norwegian Act No. 17 of 
10 April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial 
Conglomerates (the "Financial Undertakings Act") 
Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter II and the Regulations of 9 
December 2016 No. 1502 on Financial Undertakings 
Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter I (together the "Covered 
Bond Legislation") and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the 
Issuer that have been provided the same priority as 
debt instruments issued pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Legislation. To the extent that claims in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and relating derivative 
contracts are not met out of the assets of the Issuer 
that are covered in accordance with the Covered

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
Bond Legislation, the residual claims will rank pari 
passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE (TO MATURITY DATE) 
 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semiannually / quarterly / monthly/ other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with the] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day) /  
Preceding Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day/ other (give 
details)) [/not adjusted] 
[Condition 7 second paragraph applies.] 
 
(This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long and short 
first or last coupon] 
 
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration). 
 
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/365). 
 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 [[•] / IMM dates in [•] falling in [•] each year] 
 
[Short/Long first Interest Period from and including 
[•] to but excluding [•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day) / Preceding Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day/ other (give details)    
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Determination Agent): 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] NIBOR 
 
[The applicable reference rate for the first short/long 
Interest Period is [•] NIBOR] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
two Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ]  
 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable 
 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable 
 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
 
[•]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE (FROM MATURITY DATE UP TO 
STATUTORY EXTENDED MATURITY DATE) 
 
17. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
  
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [•] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually / semiannually / quarterly / monthly/ other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] in each month up to and 
including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, 
adjusted in accordance with the [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day) / 
Preceding Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day/ other (give 
details) [/not adjusted] [Condition 7 second 
paragraph applies.] 
  
(This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)  
 
 (N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
coupons which are not on a monthly basis) 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [Not Applicable] [•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]]  
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] in each year  
 
[Insert extended regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring maturity date or statutory extended maturity 
date in the case of a long and short first or last 
coupon] 
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration). 
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/365). 
 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Following Business Day Convention 
(the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day) / Preceding 
Business Day Convention (the Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day/ other (give details) 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination]  
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Determination Agent): 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
[•] NIBOR 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
two Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[      ] 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ● ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ● ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds:   
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph).

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
a) 
Minimum 
Redemption  
       Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
b)  Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
 
 
 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Redemption at par]  
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are registered in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book-entry form with Euronext 
VPS. 
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(When adding any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.) 
 
 
 
[Relevant Benchmark(s): 
[NIBOR/other] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears] /[does not

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] is 
not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
24. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers  
[Not Applicable/give names,] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:] 
[•] 
25. 
If non-syndicated, name   of Dealer 
(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
26. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
27. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. 
 
If the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and admission to trading on 
[Oslo Børs]] of the Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the NOK 250 000 000 000 
Covered Bond Programme of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)].  The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS:  
 
 
By: 
……………………… 
By: 
……………………… 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Date: 
………………………… 
Date: 
………………………

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Oslo Børs/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been / will be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on Oslo Børs with effect from on 
or about [•]/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
2. MARKET MAKING 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Dealer(s) 
Acting 
as 
market 
maker(s):  
[•] 
 
 
(Need to include a description of the main 
obligations of the market makers.) 
 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The issuance of Covered Bonds itself [has been] [is 
expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[S&P: [•]] 
[Other rating agency: [•]] 
 
 
 
[The issuance of Covered Bonds itself has not been 
assigned any ratings solicited by the Issuer] 
 
 
 
 
[[Moody's] [Other Rating Agency] is established in 
the EU and has been registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
AND/OR OFFER 
 
 
Save for any commissions payable to the Dealers, the Issuer is not aware that any person 
involved in the issue and/or offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue 
and/or the offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
[•] 
[[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus] 
/ specify use of proceeds in respect of any Green Covered 
Bonds [•]]  
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
Estimated total expenses in relation 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
 
 
6.  
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only-
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield 
[Not Applicable] [[•] per cent. [per annum / other 
interest period]  
 
 
 
Calculated as [include method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
only - HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES 
 
 
Details of the historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]]. Such details 
[can/cannot] be obtained free of charge. 
 
 
 
8.  
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
Issuer LEI: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement system 
Euronext VPS, the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as 
Euronext Securities Oslo), P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, 
0107 Oslo 
 
Company registration number 985 140 421 
 
Euronext VPS is a Norwegian public limited liability 
company which is licensed as a central securities 
depository under the CSD Act, which implements 
CSDR into Norwegian law. Euronext VPS settles 
trades in the Norwegian securities market, and 
provides services relating to stock issues, distribution

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
of dividends and other corporate actions for 
companies registered in Euronext VPS. 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum 
0107 Oslo

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue of Covered Bonds, there is another or a particular identified use of 
proceeds, such as for example in relation to any Green Covered Bonds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer intends to use the Green Covered 
Bonds Proceeds from such issue to, directly or indirectly, finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Green 
Assets that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer pursuant to the Green Bond Framework. Green 
Assets include the categories green residential buildings and energy efficiency, as further detailed in the Green 
Bond Framework. 
In relation to any Green Covered Bonds, Nordea's Green Bond Framework (applicable to the Issuer) (the 
“Green Bond Framework”) and the second party opinion provided by ISS ESG (or such other second party 
opinion provider as may be engaged by the Issuer from time to time) are available at 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-bonds. Nordea and/or the Issuer will annually 
publish on its website a Green Bond report that provides, inter alia, the amount of net proceeds that have been 
allocated to each category of Green Assets and the balance of net proceeds yet to be allocated to Green Assets.  
The Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of the Covered Bond Holders. 
Any revisions or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on the website indicated above, 
but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify the Covered Bond Holders of any such amendments. 
The Green Bond Framework, any relevant opinion or certification and any other document related thereto 
including any Covered Bonds, links to the Issuer’s website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are 
not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
ADMITTANCE TO TRADING, SETTLEMENT AND ISSUANCES 
 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS must check the rules, 
regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS which are in effect at the relevant time. 
 
Distribution  
The Covered Bonds will be distributed and marketed pursuant to arrangements between the Issuer and each of 
the Dealers.  
Admittance to trading  
 
The Issuer may apply for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on Oslo Børs in connection with the 
issuance of the Covered Bonds and in accordance with the Conditions. The Issuer may also issue Covered 
Bonds that are not listed.  
 
Euronext VPS 
Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with Euronext VPS, the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo). 
Euronext VPS is a Norwegian public limited liability company which is licensed as a central securities 
depository under the CSD Act. The CSD Act implements CSDR into Norwegian law. 
 
The CSD Act requires that, among other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in 
Euronext VPS or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the 
Norwegian FSA as being entitled to register such notes and bonds pursuant to the CSD Act and CSDR (the 
“VPS Securities”), except (i) notes and bonds issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and denominated 
in NOK with subscription limited to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or in a currency other than Nor NOK, 
and (ii) notes and bonds issued by foreign issuers in a currency other than NOK.  
 
Euronext VPS is a paperless central securities depository and, therefore, registration of ownership, transfer 
and other rights to financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. The Issuer must have an 
VPS account (issuer's account) where all the Covered Bonds are registered in the name of the holder. Each 
Covered Bonds Holder may hold Covered Bonds either (i) directly in an investor’s account showing such 
person’s holding of Covered Bonds at any time, or (ii) in a nominee account with a nominee meeting the 
requirements in Section 4-3(1) of the CSD Act or having been approved by the Norwegian FSA pursuant to 
Section 4-3(3) of the CSD Act. For the purpose of registration in Euronext VPS, the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Holders must appoint an account operator, in most cases a bank or an investment firm operating in 
Norway.  
 
The Covered Bonds will be registered in Euronext VPS pursuant to a registrar agreement (the "Registrar 
Agreement") with the Registrar. The registration in Euronext VPS of each issuance will be effectuated in close 
cooperation between the Issuer, the Registrar, the Arranger and Dealer and Euronext VPS. 
 
Settlement 
The Covered bonds are electronically settled through Euronext VPS. Settlement of sale and purchase 
transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in Euronext VPS will normally by default take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Payment of principal and/or interest from the relevant 
Covered Bonds will only take place through and in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the 
time being, of Euronext VPS. The Covered Bonds may be transferred between account holders at Euronext 
VPS in accordance with the CSD Act, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures 
of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
Market making  
The Issuer may enter into market maker agreements with some or all of the Dealers, pursuant to which the 
Dealers shall, subject to the conditions of such agreements, make specific efforts with regard to establishing 
and developing a secondary market for Covered Bonds that are given status as benchmark bonds ("Benchmark 
Covered Bonds"). The Dealers acting as market makers shall, subject to the conditions of such agreements, 
buy and sell Benchmark Covered Bonds in the secondary market and provide bid and ask quotes for 
Benchmark Covered Bonds.   
Price, return on investment and yield 
The price of the Covered Bond is a decision between the seller and the buyer, influenced by, among other 
things, credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. Investments in Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate involve 
the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest 
Covered Bonds. Investments in Covered Bonds with floating interest involve a risk of interest rate changes. 
The return on investment is a sum of the difference between the issue price/purchase price and sales price in 
addition to received interest during the period. Brokerage fee must also be taken into consideration.  
For Covered Bonds with a fixed interest rate the yield will be indicated in the Final Terms. The method of 
calculating the yield for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will also be specified in the Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms, the yield for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated at the issue date on the 
basis of the issue price. This yield is not an indication of future yield. The investor's yield on Covered Bonds 
with a floating interest rate is based on the interest rate, the day count fraction and the applicable issue price 
or purchase price. For Floating Rate Covered Bonds yield will not be indicated in the Final Terms as the 
interest rate is based on the NIBOR reference rate, which fluctuates and is determined two Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant interest period. 
Open Bond Issues 
The Issuer will from time to time issue Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds of each issuance will be subject 
to the terms as set out in the Final Terms.  
 
The Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may be issued as an open bond issue with a fixed aggregate nominal 
amount comprising of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond 
Issue"). The terms and conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical (except for price) and 
there will not be established specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
The sale of subsequent Tranches of an Open Bond Issue is regularly handled by the Dealers, which offer quotes 
in the secondary market for these Covered Bonds. The price in the market is dependent on several factors, 
amongst other things, the size of the Tranche and the interest in the market for the relevant maturity. The 
investors in a subsequent Tranche will receive the same amount of interest on the next interest payment date 
as the investors in the first Tranche of an Open Bond Issue. If a subsequent Trance of an Open Bond Issue is 
issued on a different day than an Interest Payment Date, the investors will have to pay accrued interest in 
addition to the Issue Price. Subsequent Tranches of an Open Bond Issue may in principle be issued up to the 
maturity date of the specific Covered Bonds.  
Issuer's Covered Bonds 
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Covered Bonds. Such Covered Bonds may at the Issuer's 
discretion be retained, sold or used for partial redemption by deleting the Covered Bonds in Euronext VPS. 
The Issuer may acquire Covered Bonds with the objective of managing liquidity, supporting Dealers, 
supporting its spread, supporting the general perception of the secondary market or for any other reason. The 
Issuer's acquisition of outstanding Covered Bonds may be done at different prices than that which might 
otherwise prevail.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
This is a general description of Norwegian taxation relating to the Covered Bonds, and it does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations in this respect. Each investor should consult their own tax 
advisor to clarify their own situation as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they 
are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the Kingdom of Norway of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered 
Bonds. The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Covered Bonds. This summary is based upon the tax laws in 
the Kingdom of Norway effective as per the date of this Base Prospectus, and may be subject to change. The 
description below presumes that the Covered Bonds are considered and treated as multiple debt instruments 
(No: mengdegjeldsbrev) for Norwegian tax purposes. Please note that for the purpose of the summary below, 
references to Norwegian Bondholders or Foreign Bondholders refer to the tax residency rather than the 
nationality of the shareholder. 
 
Bondholders resident in Norway for tax purposes (“Norwegian Bondholders”) 
Taxation of interest 
For Norwegian Bondholders, interest on bonds (such as the Covered Bonds) is taxable as “ordinary income” 
subject to a flat rate of 22 per cent. For financial service companies subject to the Norwegian finance tax (e.g. 
banks, insurance companies, investment companies etc. with employees), the rate is 25 per cent. 
Taxation of capital gains 
The sale, disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds will be treated as a realisation for Norwegian tax 
purposes and trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian Bondholders. Capital gains are taxed at the flat rate 
of 22 per cent., or 25 per cent. for financial service companies subject to the Norwegian finance tax, with losses 
deductible at the same rates. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Norwegian 
Bondholder on realisation and his/her cost price of the Covered Bonds. 
Wealth tax 
The value of the Covered Bonds held by a Norwegian Bondholder will be included in the computation of 
his/her taxable net wealth for net wealth tax purposes. Under Norwegian tax law, listed bonds are valued at 
their quoted value on 1 January in the relevant assessment year. Net wealth exceeding NOK 1,700 000 is taxed 
at a marginal rate of 0.95 per cent., and net wealth exceeding NOK 20,000,000 at a marginal rate of 1,1 per 
cent.  
Limited liability companies are not liable to wealth tax in Norway.  
Bondholders not resident in Norway for tax purposes (“Foreign Bondholders”) 
Taxation of interest 
Interest paid to Foreign Bondholders, who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of such 
Covered Bonds, will under the present law not be subject to Norwegian income tax. The same applies for any 
payment of principal.  
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the holder 
of the Covered Bonds, the holder may be subject to taxation in Norway. However, such tax liability may be 
limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
Norway levies withholding tax at a 15 per cent. rate on interest payments made from Norwegian debtor to 
related parties7 resident in low tax-jurisdictions.8 There is however no withholding tax on interest payments to 
 
7 Two parties are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or indirect ownership or control of at least 50 
per cent. between them at any time during the income year. 
8 A jurisdiction in which the ordinary income tax on the overall profit of the company is less than two thirds of the tax 
that would have been levied on such company had it been resident in Norway.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
unrelated parties, and all such payments of principal and interest may be done without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes.  
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds by Foreign 
Bondholders, who have no connection with Norway other than holding of such Covered Bonds, will under the 
present law not be subject to any taxes or duties. 
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the holder 
of the Covered Bonds, the holder may be subject to taxation in Norway. However, such tax liability may be 
limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth tax 
A Foreign Bondholder is not liable to wealth tax in Norway. 
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the 
Foreign Bondholder, an individual Foreign Bondholder may be subject to wealth taxation in Norway. However, 
such tax liability may be limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
Duties 
There is no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty payable in the connection with the issues of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to a Dealer or Dealers as applicable. 
With the exception of the approval by the Norwegian FSA of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued 
in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect to the admission of the Covered 
Bonds to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or any Dealers that 
would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and any Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession, publish or distribute such offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense; 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or in any country or jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base 
Prospectus or other offering material may not be distributed to or published in any country or jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a supplement to the Base Prospectus.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", as "Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or  
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public 
in that Member State:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those 
Covered Bonds may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in 
that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Covered Bonds which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which has subsequently been completed by 
the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final 
Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer;  
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in relation to the Covered 
Bonds or the Programme has been, or will be, lodged with or registered by the Australian Securities & 
Investments Commissions ("ASIC") or any other regulatory authority in Australia.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it:  
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, 
for the issue, sale or purchase of, any Covered Bonds in, to or from Australia (including an offer or 
invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and  
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any draft, preliminary or definitive 
offering memorandum, advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or any 
sale of Covered Bonds in Australia,  
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or 
equivalent in an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and complies with 
the terms of any authority granted under the Banking Act of 1959 of Australia;  
 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act;  
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
By applying for Covered Bonds under the Base Prospectus, each person to whom Covered Bonds are issued 
(an "Investor"):  
 
(a) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have acknowledged that if any Investor on-
sells Covered Bonds within 12 months from their issue, the Investor will be required to lodge a 
prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) with ASIC unless 
either:  
(i) 
that sale is to an Investor that:  
 
(A) 
falls within one of the categories set out in sections 708(8) or 708(11) of the 
Corporations Act; and  
 
(1) 
is not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act,  
(2) 
to whom it is lawful to offer Covered Bonds in Australia without a 
prospectus or other disclosure document lodged with ASIC; or  
(B) 
the sale offer is received outside Australia; and  
 
(b) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have undertaken not to sell those Covered 
Bonds in any circumstances other than those described in paragraphs (a)(i)(A)(1) and (2) above for 
12 months after the date of issue of such Covered Bonds.  
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of any Covered Bonds in Australia.  
 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018, dated 21 
March 2018 (the "Banking Exemption 1"), promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority 
and which requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal 
amount. Banking Exemption 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia.  
 
Canada  
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or 
any province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed, or 
delivered, and that it will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver, any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in 
Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or 
any province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme may be required to agree, not to distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering 
materials relating to the Covered Bonds, in Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof . If the relevant Final Terms or any other offering materials relating to the 
Covered Bonds provide that the Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of 
the Covered Bonds will be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or other offering materials relating to such 
Covered Bonds. Each Dealer, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, will be required to 
agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Covered Bonds only in compliance with such additional 
Canadian selling restrictions.  
 
Notice to Ontario, Alberta & British Columbia Investors

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
In particular, the Covered Bonds may be sold only to purchasers in the provinces of Canada purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Covered Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in 
certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if 
this Base Prospectus or any supplement to this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or 
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
 
Denmark  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering, unless in 
compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as amended or replaced from time 
to time, the Danish executive orders issued thereunder and the EU Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes 
of this provision, an offer of the Covered Bonds in Denmark means the communication in any form and by 
any means of - 163 - sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
 
Finland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer and sell the Covered Bonds or 
bring the Covered Bonds into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of Finland. Covered Bonds may only be offered and sold to the public in Finland 
provided that either (i) a prospectus in relation to the Covered Bonds is prepared in accordance with the 
Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, (746/2012), as amended) (the "Finnish 
Securities Markets Act") and/or other applicable laws and regulations, including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, or (ii) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available 
under the applicable laws of Finland, especially the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that Covered Bonds 
may not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of deceased individuals that are resident in Finland for 
taxation purposes.  
 
France  
(i) 
Offer addressed solely to qualified investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in article 
L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds.  
 
(ii) 
Offer to the public in France non-exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus  
An offer of Covered Bonds to the public in France which is not exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus set out in Article 3.1. of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the distribution or causing to be 
distributed to the public in France of this Base Prospectus, any relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to such an offer of Covered Bonds, will only be made in the period beginning on the date of 
publication of this Base Prospectus which has been approved by the competent authority of a Member State

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
of the EEA and notified to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France, and ending at the latest 
on the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance with 
Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement général of the 
AMF.  
 
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Covered Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "EU MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 thereof or 
any codes of conduct made under the EU MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Covered Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act 2014"), the Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Covered Bonds 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules 
and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank.  
 
Italy  
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, 
and will not offer or sell, any Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales 
of the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation.  
 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Covered Bonds 
or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the 
Republic of Italy except:  
 
(a) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempt from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Decree 
No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 
11971"). 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be:  
 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable), as amended from time to time (including on 10 August 2016) and on 2 November 2020, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy; and  
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority.  
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy  
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy, 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public 
offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Covered Bonds 
are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any 
time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Covered Bonds who are acting outside of the 
course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void 
and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Covered Bonds were 
purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 
applies.  
 
Luxembourg  
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless:  
 
(a) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") pursuant to part II of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities, as amended, which applies the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law"), if Luxembourg is the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or  
(b) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the 
CSSF and the European Securities and Markets Authority have been provided by the competent 
authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that a prospectus in 
relation to the Covered Bonds has been duly approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and with a copy of that prospectus; or  
(c) 
the offer of Covered Bonds benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not subject 
to, the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law.  
 
The Netherlands  
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation" above and in addition:  
 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as defined 
below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted on one or more systems held or operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such 
mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in definitive form to the first Holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and 
acceptance of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in definitive form between individuals not acting in 
the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Covered

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Bonds (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in 
global form) of any particular Series are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed 
into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bonds" are Covered Bonds that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever.  
 
Norway  
The Covered Bonds shall be registered with Euronext VPS or in another central securities depository which 
is properly authorised or recognised by the Norwegian FSA as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant 
to the CSD Act and the CSDR. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to the 
offering of Covered Bonds in the Kingdom of Norway, including, but not limited to, the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75 (as amended or replaced from time to time) (Nw. 
verdipapirhandelloven) and any other applicable Norwegian legislation.  
 
 
Portugal  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Covered Bonds may not be and will not be offered to the public in 
Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 November 1999, as amended, 
replaced and/or restated from time to time (the "Portuguese Securities Code") (or under any legislation 
which may replace or supplement it in this respect from time to time), unless the requirements and provisions 
applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met, including, without limitation, all registration, filing, 
approval or recognition procedures with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the "CMVM") and, if relevant, any other competent authorities. In 
particular, should the obligation to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation not be 
applicable, the offer of new securities may be made through a private placement, including, inter alia, if 
directed exclusively to qualified investors (investidores qualificados) within the meaning of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation.  
 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that, other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or supplement it in this respect from 
time to time), the EU Prospectus Regulation and any applicable CMVM regulations and all relevant 
Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any 
offer or sale of Covered Bonds by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including compliance with the 
rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, where applicable, (i) no action has been or 
will be taken to directly or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment 
intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Covered Bonds in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any 
legislation which may replace or supplement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, (ii) no action has been or will be 
taken to distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Covered Bonds to the public in Portugal, (iii) no action has been or will be taken for 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in Portugal and (iv) any such distribution, 
placement or admission to trading of the Covered Bonds shall only be authorised and performed to the extent 
that there is full compliance with such laws and regulations.  
 
Spain

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or distributed in the Kingdom of Spain save in accordance with the 
requirements of the EU Prospectus Regulation and of the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law 
approved by legislative Royal Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de 
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and 
restated (the "Securities Market Law"), as amended and restated, and the decrees and regulations made 
thereunder and by institutions authorised under the Securities Market Law and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 
February, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de 
febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que 
prestan servicios de inversión y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 35/2003, de 4 
de noviembre, de Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 de 
noviembre), as amended and restated, to provide investment services in Spain.  
 
Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Covered Bonds will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Covered 
Bonds has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State of the European Economic Area and such competent authority has notified the competent 
authority in Sweden, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the 
requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Switzerland 
Unless indicated otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, (i) the Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), (ii) 
no application has or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" legend as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or  
 
(ii) 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom:  
 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or  
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:  
 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year:  
 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons:  
 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of FSMA by the Issuer;  
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, 
in the case of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.  
 
The United States of America  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds comprising the relevant 
Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND 
INFORMATION RELATED THERETO  
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Norwegian legislation concerning the issuance of 
covered bonds in Norway at the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, 
a complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. 
Please also refer to "Risk factors" above. 
Introduction 
The main legislation governing the issue of cover bonds in Norway is Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II of the act on 
finance institutions and financial conglomerates (No: Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 
nr. 17) (the "Financial Undertakings Act"), which entered into force on 1 January 2016 and Chapter 11, Sub-
Chapter I of the regulations on finance institutions and financial conglomerates (No: forskrift 9. desember 2016 
nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern) which entered into force on 1 January 2017 (the “Financial 
Undertakings Regulations”, collectively the “Covered Bond Legislation”). 
The new EU legislation on covered bonds (being the EU Covered Bond Reforms) has been implemented in 
Norway as of 8 July 2022 through amendments to the Covered Bond Legislation. 
The Financial Undertakings Act enables certain Norwegian mortgage credit institutions, whose articles of 
association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements, to issue covered bonds (No: Obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett). According to the Financial Undertakings Act credit mortgage institutions are credit institutions 
which are not banks (and whose activity consists in receiving repayable funds other than deposits from the 
general public and in making loans and guarantees for its own account). Mortgage credit institutions (No: 
kredittforetak) must hold a license related to such activity of receiving repayable funds other than deposits 
from the general public and in making loans and guarantee for its own account, issued by the Ministry of 
Finance, fulfil the capital requirements and undertake organisational measures, among other things. The 
articles of association of a mortgage credit institution shall also be approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
Furthermore, a mortgage credit institution shall notify the Norwegian FSA no later than 30 days prior to the 
initial issuance of covered bonds. In addition, following the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Reforms 
into Norwegian law, prior to the first issuance of covered bonds under a specific covered bond programme a 
mortgage credit institution shall obtain an approval of such programme from the Norwegian FSA. 
The Issuer is a licensed mortgage credit institution and its articles of association have been approved by the 
Norwegian FSA. A Norwegian mortgage credit institution (No: kredittforetak) that can issue covered bonds 
will hereinafter be referred to as an "Institution". Further, the Issuer has received approval of its covered bond 
programme for the issuance of covered bonds permitted to use the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
(No.: obligasjon med fortrinnsrett (premium)).  
Subject to the Covered Bond Legislation holders of covered bonds and counterparties to derivative contracts 
which meet further requirements in the Covered Bond Legislation ("Derivative Counterparties") shall have 
an exclusive, equal and proportional preferential claim over the cover pool assigned to them (the “Cover 
Pool”). According to Norwegian law an issuer of covered bonds must register the bonds in Euronext VPS or 
another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised by the Norwegian FSA as 
being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to the CSD Act/CSDR.  
Registration 
The Institution shall maintain a register of the issued covered bonds, and of the cover assets assigned thereto, 
including derivative contracts which meet further requirements in the Covered Bond Legislation (the 
"Register"). If the Institution has more than one Cover Pool, it must maintain a separate Register relating to 
each Cover Pool and the Register must then identify the Cover Pool in respect of which a covered bondholder 
will hold a preferential claim. Where an Institution has made two or more issues of covered bonds which have 
a preferential claim over different Cover Pools, derivative contracts and substitution assets shall be held in a 
separate bank account or a separate securities account for each Cover Pool. The Issuer has only one Cover 
Pool which is used for the NOK Programme.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
Each Register must at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, the nominal value of 
the covered bonds, the relevant derivative contracts and the assets which constitute the Cover Pool. As a result, 
any Register requires regular updating, including without limitation due to changes in interest rates, interest 
periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the Cover Pool. The value of the underlying collateral 
securing mortgage credits in the Cover Pool must also be entered into the Register. 
The registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the Cover Pool pertaining to the covered bonds, but 
shall, according to the preparatory works to the Covered Bond Legislation, serve as strong evidence. 
Benefit of a preferential claim 
If an Institution which has issued covered bonds is liquidated under public administration, the holders of 
covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties agreements will have an exclusive, equal and proportional 
preferential claim over the Cover Pool according to the Covered Bond Legislation. Such preferential claim 
shall rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and the expenses of a bankruptcy estate, 
which subject to Section 6-4 of the Act No. 2 of 8 February 1980 on Mortgages (No: Panteloven) (the 
"Mortgage Act") and Section 11-15 of the Financial Undertakings Act will have a first priority lien over all 
of the assets in the Cover Pool. The bankruptcy estate's lien will, however, be limited to 700 times the standard 
Norwegian court fee in respect of the Cover Pool. Payment of expenses on operation, management, recovery 
and realization of the Cover Pool may also be demanded before the holders of covered bonds and Derivative 
Counterparties receive payment from the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned preferential claim, holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties 
rank ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the Cover Pool 
(save for the priority administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees and expenses). The preferential claim shall 
also apply to funds which are subsequently remitted in accordance with terms of contract applying to assets 
included in the Cover Pool, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. To the 
extent that holders of Covered Bonds are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the 
Cover Pool, such Holders will be able to pursue their claims as unsecured creditors of the Issuer. The holders 
of Covered Bonds will in such case be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of other 
assets of the Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool (to the extent there are such assets). The holders of Covered 
Bonds would then rank pari passu with any other mortgage covered bondholders, derivative counterparties and 
the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt holders of Green Covered Bonds will not have a preferential claim of any of the 
assets in the Cover Pool, they will have a claim against the entire Cover Pool in the same manner as holders 
of Covered Bonds. All Green Covered Bonds rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
rank pari passu with any other Covered Bonds. 
According to the Covered Bond Legislation assets included in the Cover Pool may not be pledged or be subject 
to execution, attachment or other enforcement procedure in favour of particular creditors of the Institution. 
Nor may a right of set-off, right of retention or the like be declared in the assets included in the Cover Pool. 
However, this rule does not prevent agreed set-offs of cash flows in the same currency and with the same due 
date from being completed between counterparties to derivative contracts included in the same Cover Pool. 
Eligibility criteria for assets in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Regulations, a Cover Pool for covered bonds eligible for the label 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” (such as the Covered Bonds) may only consist of assets, which fulfil 
the requirements set forth in Article 129 of the CRR, including loans secured by various types of mortgages 
(the "Mortgages"), loans secured by other registered assets (No: realregistrerte formuesgoder), loans granted 
to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (the "Public Sector Loans"), receivables in the form of 
certain derivative contracts and so-called substitution assets. 
The Mortgages are defined as loans secured by mortgages over (i) residential property, a document proprietary 
lease of a housing unit (No: adkomstdokument) or on a certificate showing that the lessee owns a share in a 
housing cooperative (No: borettslagsandel) (together, the "Residential Mortgages") and (ii) loans secured on

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
other real estate (the "Other Real Estate Mortgages"). Mortgages over vacation property shall under the 
Covered Bond Legislation, as a general rule, be treated as Residential Mortgages. 
With effect from 1 January 2013 a clarification was made in the regulations to the Covered Bond Legislation. 
A new text was added stating that loans secured by mortgages over holiday houses shall be considered as Other 
Real Estate Mortgages. The reason behind the amendment was that Norwegian Covered Bond Issuers 
interpreted the definition of Mortgages differently with respect to classification of loans secured on holiday 
houses.  
Loans secured by Mortgages and by other registered assets must be secured by assets located within the EEA. 
Public Sector Loans must have been granted to or guaranteed by certain public bodies, which meet the 
requirements in Article 129 of the CRR. 
The main portion of the Cover Pool shall be represented by a certain type of primary cover asset (“Primary 
Asset”), i.e., the Cover Pool shall primarily consist of one certain category of receivables (e.g., Residential 
Mortgages or Other Real Estate Mortgages) deemed as eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool. Substitution 
assets shall consist of (i) the Cover Pool liquidity buffer and (ii) other assets eligible for inclusion in the Cover 
Pool which are not Primary Asset or eligible derivatives contracts. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's articles of association prescribe that the Issuer may only 
acquire and grant Residential Mortgages, loans secured on holiday houses and construction loans for residential 
and holiday houses secured by mortgages in real estate.  
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
Pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR (as implemented in Norway through the Covered Bond Legislation), when 
calculating the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by mortgages, the following LTV 
requirements apply:  
• 
80 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of Residential Mortgages (however, 60 per cent. of 
prudent market value in the case of mortgages over vacation property); and 
• 
60 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of Other Real Estate Mortgages. 
There is no restriction with respect to the proportion of the Cover Pool which may be represented by Residential 
Mortgages or Other Real Estate Mortgages.  
The Covered Bond Legislation contains additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative 
requirements for the assets in the Cover Pool. In order for loans secured by mortgages to be entered into the 
Cover Pool all legislative requirements in the Covered Bond Legislation and/or Article 129 of the CRR must 
be met. Assets which do not conform to the risk classification, quantitative limits, LTV ratios or other 
requirements may nonetheless be included in the Cover Pool, but shall not be included for the purpose of 
verifying the Institution’s compliance with the overcollateralisation requirement (described below). Assets 
which exceed the quantitative requirements, such as the limit of exposure towards certain credit institutions, 
or LTVs, may be included in respect of that portion which meets the requirements. The value of mortgages 
may be included up to the LTV ratios described above even if a subsequent value change indicates that the 
limits have been exceeded.  
 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has adopted regulations on lending practices (No: utlånsforskriften), 
which includes the provision of mortgage credit. The regulations were adopted on 9 December 2020 and are 
applicable from 1 January 2021 and are due to expire on 31 December 2024. The main provisions of the 
regulations are set out in the section headed “The Housing Mortgage Market in Norway – Regulations on 
lending practices” below. 
 
Overcollateralisation requirement and valuations 
In accordance with Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Article 129 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has set the overcollateralisation 
requirement to 5 per cent. for credit mortgage institutions (No.: boligkredittforetak) (i.e. the value of the Cover

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
Pool shall at all times exceed the aggregate value of the covered bonds that give the holders and Derivative 
Counterparties a preferential claim over that Cover Pool by 5 per cent.).  
When assessing the value of the real estate furnished as collateral for the Mortgages, a prudent value shall be 
established for each individual asset. Prudent market value may not exceed the market value resulting from a 
cautious assessment. Valuations shall be conducted by a competent and independent person in accordance with 
recognised principles. The valuation shall be documented and shall indicate who has conducted it, when it was 
conducted and the assumptions on which it was based. Valuations of residential properties may nevertheless 
be based on general price levels provided this is deemed prudent based on market conditions. 
The Institution shall establish systems for subsequent monitoring of the value of the assets. The Institution 
shall also monitor the development of the relevant market conditions. Should market conditions or factors 
pertaining to the individual asset indicate that significant value impairment has taken place; the Institution 
shall ensure that a new prudent value is established. 
The value of derivative contracts and substitution assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set by calculating 
the prudent market value of such assets, as further detailed in the Covered Bond Legislation. 
With effect from 1 July 2015, the Ministry of Finance has amended the regulations regarding the valuations of 
holiday homes. According to these regulations, an Institution may, if deemed prudent, base valuations of 
holiday homes on general price levels in a situation where market conditions or factors pertaining to the 
individual asset indicate that significant value impairment has taken place.  
Liquidity requirement 
According to the Covered Bond Legislation the Institution shall ensure that the payment flows from the Cover 
Pool at all times enables the Institution to honor its payment obligations towards holders of covered bonds and 
Derivative Counterparties. The Institution shall also establish a Cover Pool liquidity buffer which shall cover 
the net outflows over the next 180 days of the covered bond programme. Calculation of the liquidity buffer 
requirement for covered bonds allowing for maturity extensions should be based on the extended maturity 
date.  
Furthermore, the Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net liquidity outflows 
over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR Regulation). The 
liquidity requirements set forth in the LCR Regulation and the Cover Pool liquidity buffer are coordinated so 
that assets included in the Cover Pool liquidity buffer may be counted towards the LCR Regulation liquidity 
requirement. 
Cover Pool Monitor  
A cover pool monitor (“Cover Pool Monitor”) shall be appointed by the Institution. The Cover Pool Monitor 
is responsible for monitoring the Register as defined in section 11-13 of the Financial Undertakings Act to 
assess whether or not it is being maintained correctly and is in compliance with the Covered Bond Legislation. 
The Cover Pool Monitor shall at least every third month perform limited procedures to assess whether the 
requirements of sections 11-11 (overcollateralisation requirement) and 11-13 (register requirement) of the 
Financial Undertakings Act are complied with. 
The Institution is required to provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all relevant information about its business. 
Furthermore, the Cover Pool Monitor must be granted full access to the Institution's register and may also 
request further information. The Cover Pool Monitor shall each year inform the Norwegian FSA of the 
observations and assessments arising from the inspections. The reporting to Norwegian FSA consists of certain 
defined control procedures. If the Cover Pool Monitor has reason to believe that the requirements of the 
Covered Bond Legislation are not met, based upon the procedures performed, he or she shall inform the 
Norwegian FSA accordingly. The reporting from the Cover Pool Monitor to Norwegian FSA is not public 
information. 
The Institution cannot appoint its external auditor or internal auditor as Cover Pool Monitor. However, 
transitional provisions have been passed allowing Institutions to appoint its external auditor to act as Cover 
Pool Monitor until 31 December 2022.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the event of winding up and liquidation under public administration of 
the Issuer 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, and BRRD implemented into Norwegian law through chapter 20 
in the Financial Undertakings Act, an Institution, such as the Issuer, may not be subject to ordinary bankruptcy 
proceedings or debt settlement proceedings. Instead, an Institution experiencing financial difficulties may be 
subject to public administration and subsequently winding up pursuant to rules in Chapter 20 Part VI of the 
Financial Undertakings Act, if the conditions for resolution are otherwise fulfilled (i.e. that (i) the Institution 
is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures, 
early intervention measures or conversion or write down of capital would prevent the failure of the Institution 
within a reasonable timeframe) but the Norwegian Ministry of Finance does not consider a resolution of the 
Institution to be necessary in the public interest. 
Public Administration entails that the governing bodies of the Institution are replaced by a public 
administration board (the “Board”) which assumes control over the Institution. The Board will oversee the 
winding up and liquidation of the Institution and distribution of its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration of an Institution shall not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy 
by holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties. 
In the event of public administration of the Institution, holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties 
shall be entitled to timely payment from assets encompassed by their preferential claim for the duration of the 
administration proceedings. This is, however, provided that the Cover Pool is essentially in compliance with 
the statutory requirements and subject to certain mandatory stays. The crisis resolution authority, shall, to the 
extent possible, ensure that holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties receive timely payment. 
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the Derivative Counterparties, 
the Board must set a date for a halt to payments, and inform interested parties of this as soon as possible. If a 
halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the Institution will be conducted in accordance with 
general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation. The holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties will 
in such event continue to have a prioritised claim against the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the holders 
of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties will remain valid claims against the Institution, but will rank 
pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution. 
Maturity extensions 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Regulations, an Institution is permitted to include conditions in the 
terms of a covered bond stating that repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances. An issuer will only 
be allowed to extend the maturity of covered bonds following the approval of the Norwegian FSA. The 
Norwegian FSA may provide such an approval if (i) either (A) there is, in the opinion of the Norwegian FSA, 
both reason to assume that the Institution will be placed under resolution in the near future and no reasonable 
prospect that any other action would prevent the Institution from failing or (B) the Ministry of Finance has 
resolved to place the Institution under resolution or public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in the 
opinion of the Norwegian FSA, a reasonable prospect that the Institution’s obligations will be met within 12 
months. An extension may only be granted if such maturity extension does not affect the ranking of the 
Covered Bond investors or invert the sequencing of the covered bond programme’s original maturity schedule.   
Recent Regulatory Developments 
The Capital Requirement Directive IV (CRD IV) and Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR) entered into 
force on 1 January 2014 followed by the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) on 15 May 2014. 
The CRR became applicable in all EU countries from 1 January 2014 while the CRD IV and BRRD were 
implemented through national law within all EU member states from 2014. From 31 December 2019 the CRR 
and CRD IV were finally implemented in Norway. In June 2019, the ‘banking package’ containing revisions 
to the BRRD, the CRD and the CRR was adopted. The revised CRD (CRD V) and BRRD (BRRD II) are 
applicable from 28 December 2020, while the majority of the changes in CRR (CRR II) are to be applied from 
28 June 2021. In June 2021 the Norwegian Parliament passed legislation which implements CRD V, BRRD 
II, CRR II and regulation (EU) 2020/873 into Norwegian law, which entered into force on 1 June 2022. The 
EU Covered Bond Reforms entered into force in Norway on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance passes regulation with respect to lending practices, the latest entered into 
force 1 January 2021. The regulation is temporary and valid until 31 December 2024. The Norwegian FSA 
shall advise the Ministry of Finance of the need for any amendments to the regulation prior to 30 September 
2022. See the section headed "The Housing Mortgage Market in Norway – Regulations on lending practices" 
for further details.  
On the 16 September 2021 the Norwegian FSA passed a new regulation on notification of outsourcing (No: 
forskrift om meldeplikt ved utkontraktering av virksomhet mv.). Covered bond issuers were previously exempt 
from the duty to notify. This exemption is not upheld and covered bond issuers are subject to a duty to notify 
the Norwegian FSA of any outsourcing which is critical or important for the company. The regulation also 
contains an obligation to have an outline over all the company’s outsourcing agreements. The regulation came 
into effect on 1 January 2022.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS 
Overview  
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp. The Issuer is a limited company incorporated 
on 12 May 1992 under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway and registered in the Norwegian Register of 
Business Enterprises (No: Foretaksregisteret) with registration number 971 227 222. The Issuer's legal and 
commercial name is Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS. The Issuer's registered address is Essendropsgate 7, 0368 
Oslo, Norway and its telephone number is +47 22 48 50 00. The Issuer is subject to the Act no. 44 of 13 June 
1997 on Limited Liability Companies (No: Aksjeloven) and the Act no. 17 of 10 April 2015 on Financial 
Undertakings (No: Finansforetaksloven). The Issuer is a licensed mortgage credit institution and its articles of 
association have been approved by the Norwegian FSA. Further, the Issuer has obtained permission to issue 
covered bonds which are eligible for the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” (No: obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett (premium)).  
The Issuer's website is available at https://www.nordea.no/om-nordea/om-nordea/samarbeidspartnere/nordea-
eiendomskreditt.html (and copies of the Issuer’s prospectuses and final terms are available at 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/nordea-eiendomskreditt-as). The Issuer's website does 
not form part of the Base Prospectus unless the information is incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries of its own, nor does it have any shares in other Nordea Group companies. The 
Issuer conducts its activities in close cooperation with Nordea Bank Norway and its sales offices and branches 
in Norway. Among other things, Nordea Bank Norway handles the credit processes and decisions regarding 
the mortgage loans, the management of the loans and certain accounting and reporting tasks for the Issuer. 
Nordea Bank Abp is also responsible for handling the Issuer's funding and risk control. Due to a reorganisation, 
from the end of 2016 the Issuer has had product responsibility for Norwegian mortgage loans and, as a result, 
the number of employees has increased from two to twenty. The business is still conducted in close cooperation 
with Nordea Bank Norway. The Issuer is consequently dependent upon Nordea Bank Norway to run its 
operations. 
The Issuer operates solely as a mortgage credit institution. The objective of the Issuer is to grant and acquire 
residential mortgage loans, loans secured on holiday homes and secured construction loans for residential 
properties and holiday homes, and finance its activities mainly through issuance of covered bonds. The 
residential mortgage market in Norway is the principal market that the Issuer competes in. 
During the second quarter of 2019 the company changed its business model from purchasing loans from the 
parent bank, to issue mortgage loans directly from its own balance sheet. At implementation of this new 
business model, a loan portfolio of NOK 128bn was purchased from the bank, which more than doubled 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt's loan volume. The change of business model was a result of changes to Norwegian 
law and regulation in respect of land registration, to introduce e-registration, and as a result of changes to IFRS 
9 in relation to the classification of Nordea Bank's loan portfolio. This change in business model required 
approval from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, which was given in September 2018. 
The Issuer has in the end of 2018 entered into a new servicing agreement with Nordea Bank Norway. In the 
new servicing agreement Nordea Bank Norway has undertaken, from the date when the new business model 
came into effect, to extend the services already performed for the Issuer. Such extended services include 
performing sale and marketing services, credit evaluation and credit decisions, KYC and AML-functions, 
entering into loan agreements, obtaining executed and perfected mortgages and disbursements of loans in 
respect of the relevant mortgage loans. 
Covered Bond issuances 
The covered bonds issued by the Issuer under this Programme or any of its other covered bond programmes 
that it may have from time to time will be unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have the same priority as debt instruments issued 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Legislation. The Issuer expects Covered Bonds issued under this Programme 
after 8 July 2022 to be entitled to use the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” (No.: obligasjon med 
fortrinnsrett (premium)). 
All covered bonds issued by the Issuer (which rank pari passu with the Issuer's relevant derivative contracts) 
have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory preference under the Covered Bond Legislation on the Cover

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
Pool maintained by the Issuer. The Issuer maintains only one Cover Pool in respect of the covered bonds issued 
under the covered bond programmes that it has or that it may have from time to time and any relevant derivative 
contracts, and the holders of Covered Bonds will share the benefit of the Cover Pool with all other holders of 
Covered Bonds and relevant derivative counterparties. 
Composition of assets in the Cover Pool 
The Financial Undertakings Act sets out the requirements for the assets that may form part of the Cover Pool 
(see "Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Information Related thereto —
Eligibility criteria for assets in the Cover Pool"). The Issuer's Cover Pool consists primarily of Residential 
Mortgages, which are currently loans secured (i) on residential property (No: selveide boliger) and (ii) on a 
certificate showing that the lessee owns a share in a housing cooperative that owns the housing structure of 
which the unit forms part (No: borettslagsandel), referred to herein as Participation Parts. In the case of (ii), 
the loan is granted to the borrower living in the housing cooperative and the loans are secured on the borrower's 
part in the housing cooperative. For the avoidance of doubt, these do not include loans to the actual housing 
cooperative that owns the housing structure (No: fellesgjeld i borettslag).  
In addition, the Cover Pool consists of a small share of loans secured by mortgages over holiday houses, which 
according to the Covered Bond Legislation are considered as Other Real Estate Mortgages. The Issuer may 
also include mortgages over a document proprietary lease of a housing unit (No: Adkomstdokument) to be 
included in the Cover Pool.  
The articles of association of the Issuer were amended on the 14 December 2018 to also permit the Issuer to 
acquire and/or issue construction loans for residential and holiday homes secured by mortgages in real estate. 
The amendment was approved by the Norwegian FSA on 22 January 2019.  
All properties that constitute security for the mortgages in the Cover Pool are located in Norway. The vast 
majority of these are residential properties (mainly privately owned detached and semi-detached dwellings and 
condominiums) followed by loans secured on Participation Parts (consisting mainly of apartments) and much 
smaller number of loans secured on holiday homes.  
The amount of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool fluctuates with market conditions and hedging needs. 
Valuation of assets in the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Legislation prescribes that the prudent market value (as determined in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Legislation) of the Cover Pool shall not at any time be less than 105% of the value of all Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme and any other mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer outstanding at such 
time. The value of the covered bonds shall be determined as the sum of the discounted value of nominal and 
discounted coupon payments. 
In order to fulfil the overcollateralisation requirement and, where and when applicable, any other requirement 
from rating agencies with regard to overcollateralisation, the value of the Cover Pool is calculated both in 
nominal terms and in net present value terms. The calculation is also analysed under different interest rate 
scenarios in order to monitor the interest rate risk sensitivity of the Cover Pool and ensure that the value of the 
Cover Pool remains at the correct level under each scenario. References in this Base Prospectus to the "value 
of the Cover Pool" are to those mortgages included in the Cover Pool that are taken into account (fully or 
partially) for the purposes of the calculation of the overcollateralisation requirement under the Covered Bond 
Legislation. 
Treasury services and risk control 
The Issuer has also entered into an agreement with Nordea Bank regarding treasury services. Pursuant to this 
agreement, Nordea Bank shall, on behalf of the Issuer, amongst other things, arrange financing for the 
mortgage loans, manage the daily liquidity, enter into derivative transactions to hedge financial risk and 
arrange for the composition and size of the Cover Pool to comply with regulatory and internal requirements. 
According to this agreement Nordea Bank shall also handle the Issuer's risk control, including daily calculation 
and reporting of market and liquidity risk, as well as the Issuer's business continuity planning.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
Derivative contracts 
The Issuer will enter into derivative arrangements with Nordea Bank Norway and/or Nordea Bank and 
potentially other parties (as authorised by the Covered Bond Legislation) for the purpose of controlling interest 
rate risks, liquidity risks and currency risks in relation to the Issuer's funding and lending operations.  
Funding of the Issuer's business 
The issuance of covered bonds is the Issuer's primary source of funding. In addition, the Issuer has received 
its funding through borrowing from Nordea Bank Norway. 
The nominal value of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 amounted to 
NOK 96 967 million. 
Board of directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of six members elected at the Annual General Meeting of the 
Issuer on 1 February 2021. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors are: 
Marte Kopperstad (Chair) 
Head of Products and Business Development, Nordea 
Gro Elisabeth Lundevik (Vice 
chair) 
Head of Faculty, School of Business and Law at University 
of Agder  
Ola Littorin 
Head of Long Term Funding, Group Treasury, Nordea 
Alex Madsen 
Partner, Sjølyst Regnskap ANS 
Pål Ekberg  
Head of Advisory and Sales, Personal Banking, Nordea 
Norway  
Anne Sofie Pedersen Knoph 
Master expert, Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS (employee 
representative) 
The address of the members of the board and management (see below) is the registered address of the Issuer. 
Management 
Børre Sten Gundersen is the managing director (No: daglig leder) of the Issuer. 
Auditors  
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS ("PwC AS"), with address Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 0191 Oslo, is the 
independent auditor for the Issuer. PwC AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants.  
 
Cover Pool Monitor 
The Issuer has appointed KPMG AS as its Cover Pool Monitor pursuant to Section 11-14 of the Financial 
Undertakings Act. 
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies; conflicts of interest 
According to Norwegian law, three out of four members of the Issuer's board of directors may be appointed 
from the Nordea Group. Nordea employs four of the six current members of the Issuer's board of directors, 
including the chair of the Issuer's board of directors. Although Nordea Bank owns all the shares of the Issuer, 
the Issuer's primary business is to issue covered bonds on behalf of the Nordea Group, and therefore the Issuer 
does not believe that conflicts of interest will arise. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members 
of the board of directors or the managing director and their private interests and/or other duties.  
In order to avoid conflicts of interest and clarify how individuals are expected to act if conflicts of interest 
arise, the Issuer must observe a number of guidelines set out by the Nordea Group, including ethical guidelines,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
guidelines for employees' secondary jobs and guidelines for employees' private security and foreign currency 
transactions. 
Articles of Association  
The articles of association of the Issuer were last amended on 12 March 2020. Pursuant to section 2 of the 
Issuer's articles of association, the purpose of the Issuer is to provide and acquire residential mortgages, 
mortgages with security in vacation properties and loans provided in connection with construction of 
residential or vacation properties, and to finance the lending activity primarily by issuance of bonds with 
preference rights.  
Dividends 
The Issuer's annual shareholder general meeting has approved, and the Issuer has paid, the following dividends 
in the last eleven years based on the results for the preceding financial year:  
2022: total dividend payment of NOK 726,000,000 
2021: total dividend payment of NOK 534,000,000 
2020: total dividend payment of NOK 484,900,000 
2019: total dividend payment of NOK 358,260,000* 
2018: total dividend payment of NOK 440,500,000 
2017: total dividend payment of NOK 0 
2016: total dividend payment of NOK 1,078,000,000** 
2015: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2014: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2013: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2012: total dividend payment of NOK 0 
* = Approved at an extraordinary general meeting at 20 December 2019. 
** = For the financial years ending 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Issuer paid capital contributions to Nordea 
Bank Norge ASA with taxable effect and received capital contributions from Nordea Bank Norge ASA without 
taxable effect. These capital contributions did not affect the Issuer's equity. For the financial year ending 31 
December 2015, the Issuer paid capital contributions to Nordea Bank Norge ASA partially with and partially 
without taxable effect but did not receive any capital contributions from Nordea Bank Norge ASA. These 
capital contributions improved Nordea Bank Norge ASA's equity and reduced the Issuer's equity by NOK 
1,078 million, which is almost the entire profit of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2015. 
Share and shareholder information 
The Issuer's share capital as at 31 December 2021 was NOK 1,717,662,128, made up of 15,336,269 ordinary 
shares, each of nominal value NOK 112. The entire issued share capital is owned by Nordea Bank Abp. The 
most recent share capital increase was executed at 7 March 2019 to facilitate the increased balance sheet size 
due to the new business model described under the heading Overview.  
Corporate governance 
The Issuer is not listed on Oslo Børs and accordingly is not directly subject to the corporate governance regime 
promulgated by the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. 
Recent developments 
In July 2018, Nordea Bank Abp signed an agreement to acquire Gjensidige Bank ASA. The acquisition was 
approved by the Norwegian Competition Authority in the autumn of 2018 and by the Norwegian FSA in 
February 2019 and was completed on 1 March 2019. On 27 February 2020, Gjensidige Bank ASA changed its 
name to Nordea Direct Bank ASA. The Nordea Group has set 1 November 2022 as the target completion date 
for the merger between Nordea Direct Boligkreditt AS and the Issuer. The completion is subject to regulatory

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
approval. The target completion date for the merger between Nordea Boligskreditt AS and the Issuer is set to 
1 November 2022.The process and the merger is subject to regulatory approval. 
The purpose of the integration is to simplify the legal structure of the banking group in which Nordea Bank 
Abp is the parent company in order to strengthen corporate governance, decrease administrative complexity 
and enhance efficiency.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
THE HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET IN NORWAY 
The residential mortgage market 
In Norway the main suppliers of housing loans are mortgage companies and banks. Many of the mortgage 
companies are owned by private banks, which are originators and/or servicers of the mortgage company's 
loans.  
A typical residential mortgage loan in Norway has a variable interest rate. The variable interest rate is not 
directly linked to a quoted market rate, but set individually by each bank based in general on an evaluation of 
(i) the bank's funding costs, (ii) the competitive position, (iii) the bank's financial situation, (iv) the bank's 
relationship with the customer and (v) LTV. Changes to the rates on residential mortgage loans have 
traditionally followed changes in the key policy rate from the central bank (Norges Bank), which has 
influenced the market rate. However, in the 8 to 9 years prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the market 
rate has changed more independently of the key policy rate and banks have also changed interest rates without 
following the key policy rate. 
Before a lender can increase the rate towards its consumer customers, the lender must, according to Norwegian 
law, send a notification in writing no later than 6 weeks before the new rate is implemented. Some banks offer 
housing loans with interest rate caps, but as at the date of this Base Prospectus the volume of such loans is 
insignificant. 
Since the development of home equity credit lines (No: rammelån/boligkreditt) in 2004, most of the banks in 
Norway have also offered these types of housing loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the lending limit 
for new home equity credit lines shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the prudent market value of the residential 
property, in accordance with the regulations on lending practices (No: utlånsforskriften) adopted by the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance. Home equity credit lines enable the borrower to draw on a credit within a 
specified loan limit. The amount available for the customer's disposal is the difference between the size of the 
credit line and the drawn amount. The home equity credit lines are regularly used for purchase of the property, 
refinancing and other purposes, such as house renovation. 
Regulations on lending practices  
On 15 June 2015, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted mortgage regulations for mortgages with 
collateral in residential real estate. The regulations restrict mortgage companies and bank's discretion in their 
credit assessments and has been updated and continued 4 times. On 9 December 2020 the Norwegian Ministry 
of Finance adopted new regulations combining mortgage and non-collateralized lending into one regulation 
on lending practices (No: utlånsforskriften), which entered into force on 1 January 2021. The previous 
regulation on mortgage credit is continued in the new regulation on lending practices. The regulation is due to 
expire on 31 December 2024, but with an evaluation autumn 2022. For mortgages the regulation is based on 
the guidelines for prudent financing of residential properties and includes, inter alia, the following 
requirements: 
 
• 
The interest rate used for stress-testing a borrower's payment ability shall be 5 per cent. 
 
• 
The LTV shall not exceed 85 per cent. of the prudent market value of the residential property. For 
secondary residential properties in Oslo, the LTV shall not exceed 60 per cent. A higher LTV is only 
permitted if the borrower can provide additional collateral in the form of collateral in another 
property, security or guarantee. 
 
• 
The LTV shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the prudent market value of the residential property for 
Home equity eredit lines. 
 
• 
Mandatory amortisation of 2,5 per cent. each year for loans with an LTV exceeding 60 per cent.  
 
• 
The approved credit shall not exceed the borrower’s yearly gross income by five times.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
The lender may, subject to certain conditions, deviate from any of the above requirements in relation 
to 10 per cent. of the value of approved mortgage loans (8 per cent. in relation to approved mortgage 
loans in the municipality of Oslo) each quarter.  
• 
Document that all approved credits have undergone careful credit assessment. 
 
Regulation of the Norwegian residential mortgage market 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, any entity conducting financing activity in Norway, such as the 
granting of loans secured by residential mortgages, must be authorised by the Norwegian authorities and is 
subject to regulatory requirements in its capacity as a financial institution pursuant to the Financial 
Undertakings Act/CRD IV. 
 
Credit mortgage institutions, such as the Issuer, must have their registered office and head office in Norway 
and are subject to extensive reporting requirements and capital adequacy requirements set out in the Financial 
Undertakings Act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular, the Financial Institutions Regulation as well 
as the national CRR/CRD IV Regulation.  Capital adequacy requirements entail, among other things, that the 
mortgage company must, at all times, maintain a satisfactory capital ratio based on the credit risk, market risk 
and the operational risk relating to the company. Its articles of associations must be approved by such 
Norwegian authorities and may not be amended without approval from the authorities.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following information, which has previously been published and has been submitted to and filed with Oslo 
Børs, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of this document: 
1) the auditors' reports and audited financial statements and related notes of the Issuer in respect of the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, including the information set out at the 
following pages of the Issuer's Annual report for 2021 and 2020:  
 
 
2021 
2020 
Income Statement 
Page 11 
Page 17 
Balance Sheet 
Page 12 
Page 18 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 14 
Page 20 
Accounting 
principles 
and 
explanatory notes 
Page 15-66 
Pages 21-63 
Auditor's report 
Page 67-72 
Page 64-68 
2) the unaudited financial statements and related notes of the Issuer in respect of the second quarter 
ending 30 June 2022 including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's second 
quarter Report 2022: the unaudited income statement on page 6, the unaudited balance sheet on page 
7 and the unaudited cash flow statement on page 9; 
3) the unaudited financial statements and related notes of the Issuer in respect of the first quarter ending 
31 March 2022 including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's first quarter 
Report 2022: the unaudited income statement on page 6, the unaudited balance sheet on page 7 and 
the unaudited cash flow statement on page 9;  
4) the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 38 of the base prospectus dated 8 July 2016 relating to 
the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-124055/2016-07-08_Nordea-
Eiendomskreditt-Base-Prospectus-160708_EN.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds"; 
5) the terms and conditions set out on pages 30 to 40 of the base prospectus dated 9 October 2017 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
224908/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20171009.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds";  
6) the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 14 February 2019 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; 
7) the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 40 of the base prospectus dated 2 April 2020 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; and 
8) the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 37 of the base prospectus dated 31 March 2021 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds".

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
9) the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 38 of the base prospectus dated 22 October 2021 
relating to the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/base-prospectus-for-
nordea-eiendomskreditt-22-october-2021.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds". 
The audited annual financial statements for 2021 and 2020 have been prepared in accordance with Act No. 56 
of 17 July 1998 on Accounting, appurtenant regulations regarding annual accounts and the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Issuer's accounts were prepared in accordance with IFRS with 
effect from 30 June 2007, but the accounting treatment of retirement benefits has applied IAS 19: Employee 
benefits with effect from 1 January 2005 in accordance with NRS 6, as approved in September 2005, and with 
amendments with effect from 1 January 2013. The unaudited financial statements for the half year ending 30 
June 2022 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the 
EU.  
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are available at the Issuer's website:  
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/norwegian-subsidiary-reports 
Issuer's Annual report for 2021 and 2020 are available at the Issuer's website: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/nordea-eiendomskreditt-annual-report-20210.pdf 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/nordea-eiendomskreditt-annual-report-2020.pdf 
Issuer's first quarter report and second quarter report for 2022 is available at the Issuer's website: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/interim-report-nordea-eiendomskreditt-q2-2022.pdf  
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/interim-report-nordea-eiendomskreditt-q1-2022.pdf 
Any other information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only.  
Save for the annual financial statements in respect of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, no other information in the Base Prospectus has been audited.  
The Issuer will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned one of the following 
ratings:  
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service Limited 
Aaa 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AAA 
 
Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are 
established in the EEA and are registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aaa' are judged to be 
of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
obligations 
rated 
'AAA' are judged to be of the highest quality and indicate that the relevant issuer's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is very strong. 
Tranches of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issuance of 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or any 
rating assigned to the Issuer or to Covered Bonds already issued. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, 
the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure investors that 
any such ratings will not change in the future. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.   
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 12 months. If 
any non-hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no assurance 
that such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The 
decision to decline a rating assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the 
assignment of a non-solicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market 
value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-
CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list 
must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of 
a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action has not been withdrawn or suspended) or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA, but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation (and such certification has not been withdrawn or suspended).

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a change 
in the credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, could affect 
the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or that 
a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in 
the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, 
no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the 
Covered Bonds, and the market value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In 
addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally will also affect the 
market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by the 
agencies. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which 
may include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to an issuance of 
Covered Bonds, which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a 
period of 12 months. In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating agencies, rating agencies not 
hired by the Issuer to rate an issuance of Covered Bonds may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-
hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no assurances that 
such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The 
decision to decline a rating assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or 
the assignment of a non-solicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect 
the market value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer held on 1 June 2010.  
2. 
The Issuer is not and nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.  
3. 
Since 30 June 2022, the date to which the latest interim financial statements of the Issuer were 
prepared, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer.  
4. 
Since 31 December 2021, the date to which the latest audited financial statements of the Issuer 
were published, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
5. 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for the current financial year. 
6. 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for year ended 31 December 2020 and 
2021. The Issuer has been audited by the public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers AS for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. The auditors of the Issuer have no material 
interest in the Issuer.  
7. 
For the twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
and the registered office of the Issuer and at https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-
rating/nordea-eiendomskreditt-as 
and/or 
https://www.nordea.no/om-nordea/om-
nordea/samarbeidspartnere/nordea-eiendomskreditt.html:  
(i) 
the certificate of registration and articles of association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 including the audit reports relating thereto; 
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto;  
(iv) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on Oslo Børs and issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus; 
and  
(v) 
the articles of association of the Issuer.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.  
 
8. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for settlement through Euronext VPS. The appropriate 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each 
issuance will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
9. 
The registered address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
10. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Covered Bond Holders in respect of the 
Covered Bonds being issued. 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300TTWFTM3HRP0618

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
  REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS  
Essendropsgate 7 
0368 Oslo 
 
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 71 
 0191 Oslo 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
 FI-00020 Nordea Finland 
  
REGISTRAR  
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Essendropsgate 7 
0368 Oslo 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
0252 Oslo 
 
SETTLEMENT 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Euronext VPS 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository 
Fred. Olsens gate 1  
 0152 Oslo